 My second only Panasonic . -LRB- the TZ1 , my first -RRB- Am almost satisfied with the DMC-TZ3 . It is a handy compact camera , and with the wide lens setting , it has been very useful . The thing I miss is an `` exposure lock '' to assist panorama photography . The sound quality is so-so , the mic did not pick up voices across our room very well.A versatile camera and a surprise in its capability . The Leica lens is very sharp and with the other features , it give 's one a wide scope.Another good point is the use of selected time exposures from 15 seconds to 60 seconds , and how it records full-size movies in wide-aspect VGA -LRB- 848 x 480 -RRB- at 30 frames per second .
 I bought this camera before Christmas 2007 and have been shooting pictures consistently for over a month now . Although it 's obviously a well-made camera , and it 's mostly good , I 'm mildly dissapointed . I used to own the Canon A-series cameras -LRB- A80 and A610 -RRB- but after both cameras failed I decided to try another brand . I 'm not sure if I improved my camera yet or not ! The pictures from the Panasonic do n't quite compare . I find that the colors are simply not as rich ; everything looks pale and washed-out in comaprison to my older pictures ! I also find the pictures are not as crisp , especially when blown up large - I notice a graininess , even in pictures that are at less than 100 % size . This is particularly a problem in many low-light pictures , even when the setting was intended for low light . On the upside , the camera is quick , the zoom is amazing , and the controls are fairly intuitive . The battery life has been great and the LCD is beautiful . I wish it had a `` vivid '' setting , however , especially since most of the scene options are ridiculous . Pets ? Babies ? Food ?! Overall , I would be in love with this camera if only the picture quality compared with my A-series pictures !
 A great point and shoot camera . It 's the total package with
 Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3A 7.2 MP Digital Camera with 10x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Blue -RRB- This is just a fantastic camera . I have always loved the Panasonic cameras that host the Leica lens . Very sharp and clear . I have yet to figure out , though , all the features , as the instruction book is very confusing compared to other Panasonics I have purchased . The camera is a bit heavy to hold with one hand however the pictures make is worth it.Very fine price and delivery through Amazon .
 I bought this camera because I needed something that would fit in my shirt pocket when I was hiking in the wilderness . Needed good megapixels and big zoom which this has . Almost perfect because it is necessary to work off the LCD screen rather than a view finder which I find challenging in the sunlight . The pictures I have taken so far have been most satisfying . Caught pictures of a herd of Big Horn sheep in motion using the zoom which have turned out most satisfactorily .
 I use this camera on a regular basis . The only drawback for myself is that it has a tripod mount that is off center . Between the preset scene modes and the easy to understand menus and from the calendar filing system to it 's ability to track vacation times , I 've found this camera to be excellent . I 've had no trouble and loved my camera so much that I bought this blue one for my wife . I picked up an optional 16GB SDHC card and the Panasonic hard case and everything runs flawlessly . I 'd recommend it to friends and family , and Amazon is the way to get it fast and affordably .
 I love my Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3S . I bought it for myself for Christmas . The zoom is phenomenal and the picture clarity is so much better than my old 4 pixel camera . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This is the best camear i could ever get for just that price ... there is no other camera with a 10x ZOOM !! ... great ersolution , great zoom , is very fast ... . the only thing is that it is a little to big but to me it is like a professional pocket camera
 this camera is a bit more bulky than my old optio but the excellence of the lens and the 10 times zoom makes up for it .
 Purchased it 1 months ago , and shot with it for like dozens of pictures . . works as advertised ... pretty happy with it except the night shots . Overall , it 's worthwhile for that price !
 I read in a review that this camera is noisy . I do n't hear that . I did find an option to turn off the sound . So maybe that person should try using this option . The camera takes excellent pictures .
 I ordered this camera for my son 's birthday present - he 's captured some great pictures thus far !
 The best camera in his type.Incredible images , very easy to set up y take the best snap ! And , believe it or not ... takes SD memory !!! Simply the best .
 I find it very easy to use and it has just the essencials to take great pictures . It 's more about the photography than the camera itself .
 Lots of options , easy to use , great pics and movies .
 My only complaint is that the LCD screen came with a flaw . If you look at it from certain angles some weird lines appear . But I 'm sure it was just mine . Bad luck I guess.Other than that it 's amazing considering the price and the size . It 's rare to find a camera that fits in your pocket and has such great zoom . The picture quality is great , low light , high light , night shots , even pictures of the night sky are amazing . All in all , it 's a really good camera .
 Great pics so far , just using the simple mode . I am slowly learning some of the bells and whistles
 If you like to zoom and compose your photos this gives you more options than any other comparably sized product available in early 2008 . The advantage of always having the camera along out weighs the minor menu issues . I stopped using my Kodak Z740 which is VERY user friendly because of its larger size/weight . Both have minimal shutter lag . 7 mp is cumbersome to file , email and store so I reduced the picture size to 5 mp . Screen is bright so I have not missed the viewfinder.In my book this camera beats a digital SLR with comparable lens choices because its size and weight make this a good travel companion .
 After spending a little time figuring out the basics of operation for this product , the only solid conclusion that I can come to is that this digital camera functions as it should & I have no reason to complain . The pictures I 've taken have turned out to be of excellent quality . Buyers should be aware , there are several settings to learn about & get used to on this model . If you will give just a bit ofthought , attention & study to the various features the camera has to offer - you will not end up with anything less than a wonderful digital picture.Okay , when you order , make sure you get yourself a memory cardfor your TZ3 & if you like , grab an extra battery -LRB- just in case -RRB- . I have also found the accessory pack containing the tripod -LRB- s -RRB- , to be extremely useful . The large , portable tripod is a real gem , it 's very light weight & no doubt , will make filming video OR taking self-portrait pictures quite easy . I have no complaint so far about the self-portrait timer , it seems to provide more than adequate time to make sure I 'm in the shot & posing as desired .
 My daughter has this camera , it 's excellent ! Especially the zoom . I wanted to get one for my sister , I checked out all the local electronic stores near by and ended up ordering it from Amazon , the price was MUCH lower .
 We purchased this camera just before leaving on vacation , so have not spent a lot of time playing around with it or reading the instruction manual . With all that said , this camera takes amazing pictures ! The colors are absolutely beautiful and the pictures crisp . The zoom is wonderful also . We were at the Grand Canyon and the pictures that this camera took are comparable to an expensive , professional camera that a friend of ours had with him . Absolutely would recommend this to everyone !
 I just bought this camera a few weeks ago -- it 's my first digital camera & I really like it . I 've owned a Pentax SLR for 30 years , so I wondered whether I could get used to the lack of a viewfinder . Well , it 's easier than I thought . I 'm starting to work the programs & the incredible zoom . On `` idiot '' mode , I have been taking photos on the fly just to practice . It stops action very well , but I found at maximum zoom , you really do need a tripod to avoid shake . Love the beautiful bright 3 '' LCD screen .
 This is the second compact digital camera I 've owned , and I 'm really happy with it . The last one was the Nikon S9 , which my wife dropped and smashed the LCD screen . The Panasonic out performs the Nikon in almost every way . The only thing I prefer about the Nikon S9 is that it 's truly a `` Super Compact '' camera , easily fitting in a pocket . The Panasonic is still small , but not nearly as small as the Nikon.I have a Nikon D50 DSLR as my main camera , so this one we mostly got for snapshots and the movie mode . We love taking little movies of our baby boy , and it 's so much easier to use this little thing than to lug out our tape-based camcorder . It 's also so much easier to import the movies onto the computer with this . One great feature about the movie mode on this camera is that it gives the option to shoot in widescreen format , which is really nice . The sound on the movies is n't great , but it 's good enough for us . One minor gripe is that you ca n't zoom once you 're recording a movie , but it 's not a deal breaker ... just a minor annoyance.As for the photo mode , it 's got image stabilization , which is great ! Our old Nikon S9 would consistently blur low-light photos without the flash , where as this one does very well in low light . The images can get kind of grainy due to the high ISO in low light , but that usually does n't bother us . Like I said , we mostly use it for snap shots . The camera has a whole bunch of scene modes , but we do n't really use them . And I 'm not convinced that they really improve your pictures much . I 'm partial to the Intelligent ISO mode , since it 's easy and does a nice job in low light . The 10x zoom is great . It 's one of the things that helped me decide on this camera over another.One other random thing I love about this camera is that the battery charger does n't have a cord , it just plugs straight into the wall . I know , it 's minor , but it 's really nice not to have a long cord getting in the way.It took a long time for me to make a decision here . It was between this one and the FujiFilm F50 . The Fuji is famous for it 's bigger CCD chip and outstanding low-light performance . But one review said that the movie mode on that one was n't so great , and we wanted this camera as much for the movie mode as for still pictures . So that 's why I ultimately decided on this one.All-in-all , a great little camera . If you 're looking for a camera to make great art photography , spend the money and get a DSRL . But if you want an easy little camera for snapshots and movies , this is the one for you !
 i was torn between this and the Casio Exilim , but i went with the Lumix after researching sample photos . color accuracy is better , and the Panasonic performs separate color and luminance noise reduction . mind you , there 's still more noise more often than i hoped.stereo audio and video zoom would be nice , but i primarily wanted photos , not a video camcorder.i chose better zoom and wide-angle lens over some niceties , i suppose , and those two features are extremely satisfying.doesn ' t look like anyone 's going to be able to make the camera i really want for a few years yet , but the Lumix TZ3 is not disappointing .
 This camera has so many features that it makes me feel ... where have I been !!!! Love it !!!!!!!
 After researching cameras and wanting this one , it has proven to me that I made the right choice . It is very easy to use and takes excellant pictures . Great value for the price I paid .
 The image quality and color is very good . The 10X is plenty . The presets -LRB- scenes -RRB- work well . But does not has manual features to set aperture or speed . Does not has flash compensation.In other word it is excellent for the amateur .
 I bought it in a satisfied price , and the camera is in good condition . I 'm not a professional in photography , but the clear CCD and wide-angle make it cool .
 Product was as shown and was delivered as promised . Good price quick delivery . Would buy again .
 This camera has so many things going for it . More modes than you can shake a stick at . The price on Amazon when I purchased it was at least $ 40 than everywhere else . The thing takes great quality pictures and video . The view screen is top quality and huge . It 's got awesome zoom . It feels solid in your hands as well . My previous camera was a Sony Cybershot . Problems cropped up with that camera within a year . This camera is a rock . You can tell they designed this camera with regular people taking pictures on vacation , or of kids and stuff like that . You ca n't go wrong with this product if you want a compact point and shoot camera .
 I own a much larger Lumix camera that I love , but which was not practical to take with us during our recent wedding/honeymoon trips . After doing some research I decided on this one , and was very happy with the quality of the images , the compact size , and the excellent zoom . The settings for varying light conditions/speed of shot are plentiful and easy to use . All in all this is a great purchase at a good value .
 The lense is fantastic for a compact camera . IS , large LCD display , and extensive mode shooting add up to a terrific little camera .
 The camera is OK , I could get nice photos however , till now I 'm trying to take a portrait with blurry background , but I ca n't . I do n't know if this is feasible with this camera or not .
 The whole credit goes to -LSB- ... -RSB- for its excellent shipping acions.The camera is of professional use with many a function.The incredible zoom in such a slim camera is an added advantage .
 This camera does so much more than older versions of larger 10x zoom cameras . Quality and features are excellent . It is the smallest camera you can get with such a large zoom . I love it .
 Big and shinny screen . Menu are easy to read and very logic . Camera is fast and histogram is useful . Quality photos are amazing . I have used cannon , epson and nikon . Panasonic lumex is the best .
 This camera is simple to use with a multitude of settings and options available for the more advanced user . It includes a Movie option , and has a large selection of ` specialty ' modes including a setting for underwater photos -LRB- color adjustment -RRB- . Panasonic also produces an underwater housing for the divers to use to 130 feet . A newer edition of the camera is now available which allows for high definition photos and movies but obviously requires a MUCH larger memory card . The used camera I recently purchased through Amazon was to replace the TZ3 I already had but which developed problems with the battery contacts such that it would n't power up -LRB- I since discovered that if I used a shim to push the batteries in further , the batteries would make contact -RRB- and I have now found the same problem with the replacement . I would have upgraded to the TZ5 model or better but my friend has one -LRB- very satisfied with it -RRB- and we found that our underwater housings were not interchangeable so I would also have to buy a new housing if I upgraded my camera -LRB- not very nice of Panasonic to do that -RRB- . All in all , I have taken thousands of photos and movie clips with the camera and found it very reliable and easy to use until the battery problem . The TZ3 has a high quality 10X optical zoom which is very nice and clear but does not allow active zoom while in the movie mode like the TZ5 does . The camera is compact and fits in a shirt pocket with no exposed lens when powered off but is more solidly built and heavier than many newer cameras . The display screen is huge which made it much easier for my underwater photos and for reviewing the pictures right from the camera . I would suggest a spare battery or one of a larger mAh rating -LRB- standard is 1000 mAh -RRB- . use a 4GB SDHC memory card so I do n't have to worry about running out of memory . All in all , a very nice camera for it 's age and cost .
 I have had this camera for over a year now and I still love it.It might not be as small as some of the cameras you see but this one has more stability when you shoot your pictures.It is small enough it goes in my pcoket . . The zoom feature at10X is excellent . I have taken some wonderful pictures with this camera . . I read a number of reviews before I bought this camera and they were all so favorable . This is one time you can really believe the reviews ...
 This is the first digital camera I have ever owned . I must admit that I was scared to go digital but I knew I had to . I was going on a trip to Africa and I needed to get a camera for the trip . My husband was instrumental in picking this one out and all I can say is that I LOVE IT.It is easy to use , a marvel for someone like me who is so afraid of high-tech . It has many different settings but it also has an automatic setting if you do n't want to get into the small stuff . I ended up getting into the small stuff because I like the camera so much and was inspired to take better photos.In Africa , the 10x magnification was marvelous . The other folks on my safari with their little digitals envied me . I was able to take close-up photos of lions , zebras , elephants , etc. even when they were some distance away . From my photos it looks like I 'm standing right near the lions . You can bet your bottom bibby baby that I am a long ways away . My camera just makes everything look close if I want it to . The distance shots are just as good . All are clear . I did n't even have a tripod and there is nary a fuzzy photo.I have always enjoyed portraiture and this camera did not let me down in this area either . I have some beautiful portraits that are of show quality.I 've never had a better camera and I recommend this one without reservation both for the newby to digital and the more experienced who want a small and versatile camera .
 I bought the camera for our vacation trip to Disney World . I love the capabilty to have Still Shots & Video in a nice small package . I also love the Zoom capability . I have to say I am nothing but pleased with the results of all of the pictures & videos this camera took . The quality is EXCELLENT . As a matter of fact , I have 2 friends that have now purchased the exact same camera -- after seeing my pictures & the easy operation of the camera . Love this camera !!
 This camera is great in so many ways . The 10x Zoom is an extremely useful feature at times , but the camera also works great for up close photos . I also love all the features this camera comes with . Most are very useful and I find myself using them a whole lot more than I thought I would . Being able to control the ISO is awesome and is uncommon in this class of cameras . Great Price ! I always recommend this camera for anyone who needs a great overall camera .
 Great camera ! Not too bulky , 10x zoom is awesome , and the 3 '' screen is bright and clear . Highly recommended .
 Here 's the set-up
 We have been very happy with this camera so far . The zoom and the Optical Image Stabilization work great . The Scene modes can be a little confusing , but overall it is easy to operate and has nice buttons.It also has a nice feel to it , and the screen is big and beautiful . The only negative is that it is quite a bit larger than our Canon SD-550 that it is replacing . I guess that is the price you pay for better zoom.PS - When the lens is zoomed all the way out , you get more of the scene than with most cameras ! It is great in tight spaces .
 Japanese made , metal body , Leica lens , great price , great pics , low noise.Only other brand is Canon to consider which has probably a better sensor due to Canon 's cutting edge CMOS technology giving maybe 1 stop of advantage on the noise stakes . However , in real life I think this Panasonic edges it out on top with the quality lens and overall package . Highly recommended .
 The 5-star rating I give to this camera is based on what it 's designed to be and more importantly what it does well . This is my 3rd purchase as gift for my family members . It is a no brainer for under $ 250 , and there is really no point to criticize what it can not do when compared to more expensive models or D-SLR -LRB- which it was not designed to be -RRB- . Yes it has its shortcomings , but that can be said to others as well.Being an experienced photographer , I was frequently asked by co-workers for what they should buy -LRB- cheap -RRB- and have tried what they had -LRB- mostly P&S ;-RRB- along the way . Once they were able to get passed the stereotypic recognition for certain brands , tried them side-by-side and realized what this little camera can produce , most of them are either happy TZ3 users now or are considering it.Since most reviewers here have said it all , I just want to emphasize some strong points of TZ3 for potential buyers ' consideration :1 . The Leica lens2 . The flexibility -LRB- including the 10x zoom , 28 mm , and 16:9 ratio , just to name a few -RRB- 3 . Very effective OIS4 . Simple and intuitive operation5 . The fun factor -LRB- and good for daily use or traveling -RRB- 6 . The built7 . Picture qualityThe person behind the camera is responsible for the output of the shot , most of the time . Below I will offer two links just to show what this little TZ can do in the right hands . -LSB- ... -RSB- I highly recommend this TZ3 for the above reasons and especially at its current going rate .
 I own many digital cameras and this one is my favorite near shirt pocket sized camera . The 28mm equivalent wide angle lens setting is a HUGE improvement over the more common 35mm zoom starting point . It is perfect for shooting inside , my wife loves it for documenting indoor work on construction sites . Of course having the 10x image stabilized zoom is a big plus also.The only down side I see is that it does n't quite have as good of a white balance , contrast , or image sharpness as the Canon or Nikon pocket cameras . The difference is marginal and image quality difference is repairable in Photoshop.Overall it is a BIG WINNER with the wide 28mm setting and 10x zoom making this Lumix DMC-TZ3S a wonderful general purpose and travel camera that is very easy to use and carry .
 The zoom , combined with the wide angle lens , is fantastic . Even on maximum zoom , during the evening , the results were amazing . This is one hell of a compact camera for nearly any occasion and it will be great for my forthcoming safari trip . My only criticism , and this seems to apply to every other make using an LCD , is that the screen is not bright enough in bright sunshine situations
 I 'm not really a photography buff , but this camera is turning me into one ! After researching for a while , I decided to try out the TZ3 based on a favorable review in Consumer Reports as well as a nice combination of features , including a 10X optical zoom and a widescreen lens . I have not been disappointed ! This camera makes taking quality pictures in various settings so easy . I find myself experimenting with all of the different settings and getting really great shots.I was almost scared away by some of the negative reviews here on Amazon , but I have not experienced any of the problems those people mention . Quite the opposite , as a matter of fact -- this camera has very quickly become my new favorite toy !
 This camera is an excellent small compact camera which combines wide angle and telephoto capabilities in a small easy to use package . I use it as a travel/vacation camera and at the end of a month , no mechanical problems and great versatility and picture quality . So if you are tired of lugging a SLR and want to have a camera available for the special pictures this may fill the need .
 I love my Lumix DMC-TZ3s . It takes great pictures , is small enough to fit in your pocket and it has one of the largest LCD screens I have seen on a digital camera . To me , it 's only downfall is it 's flash ! Way too BRIGHT , with no way to reduce the light intensity . I find that to keep my flash pictures from being washed out by all this light , I have to place a piece of tissue in front of the flash to reduce it 's intensity . Other that that , Great camera ! I use it all the time !
 HAve been using the TZ3 steadily for about a month , to learn it 's features . For a handy point and shoot , it offers a lot . Bought it for the wide-angle lens , a rare feature in P&S cameras . Very pleased with the variety of setting and esp like the ISO Intelligent mode , which gives great shots in low light . Have been pleased with the ease of use and the quality of shots . Do miss the viewfinder in bright light situations , but overall give it a strong recommendation for the price range .
 I ` ll keep it short and sweet here
 The Panasonic TZ3 is a great camera to take along with you on any trip . It has a decent zoom in a small package that will fit in a purse or pant pocket . It has a large display which is great for framing your photo as well as reviewing it afterwards . The TZ3 allows you to take a few low-res shots and save them in the internal memory -LRB- works well if you want to take a picture of a map or itinerary and not have to worry about losing it when you switch memory cards -RRB- . The camera is very user friendly , even for those who are afraid of digital cameras , but stills has many features to make a more experienced user happy . All things considered , I have been quite happy with the photo quality , features , and battery life from this camera .
 I purchased this camera just before a trip to New Zealand . I had two requirements wide angle and macro . This camera more than delivers . It was very easy to learn . The battery life was good I used a battery a day . I purchased a back up battery . I took over 2000 pictures . Thus the back up charged battery . The camera took awesome photos the zoom was a major bonus that I was not really after . Overall I highly recommend this camera and Amazon has the best price going . There are some bad pictures posted on here that I feel do not represent this camera . A camera is as good as the person pushing the button . I have never taken a class and I find this camera user friendly . You judge I have posted pics .
 Bought a Panasonic TZ3 in black early in the summer in preparation for a trip to Europe . I was very glad I did ! The camera did very well ! Exceeded my expectations ! It does a fair job in low light -LRB- I remember `` pushing Tri-X in the 70 's to shoot low light with a Nikon ! -RRB- The 10x zoom is a MUST Have feature ! Especially for travel ! It has a few quirks as well , but easy to figure out after playing with it for a while . For action shots I use the burst mode and chose the shot I like the best ! -LRB- yes it will stop a propeller in flight ! -RRB- Great little camera and it does take some bumps and fumbles ... I would not drop it from any great height though ... Fits in a cargo pants or shirt pocket . Bigger than the credit card size cameras but you can actually hold on to it and see the buttons ... If you are over 40 you know what I mean ...
 This is my first digital camera . I did a lot of research , and alot of seeing what I did not want in my friends cameras . This camera has impressed everyone who has seen its photos . The photos are beautiful !! NEVER a blur , and Im no pro . I could not be happier with it.It takes beautiful outdoor photos , night photos , & indoor flash . My kids always look perfect , even the quick snapshots . It is fast , which is so important with kids . I Love this camera !!!
 This is the better compact point and shoot digital camera I ever had . I have had few cameras before this one , including two different SLR 's . This camera has an amazing zoom and the lens are very clear . The LCD is bigger enough and the image is very good too . The only think I miss was the ability to use the ZOOM while making movies , but the movie itself is amazing also .
 Extremely impressed with the TZ3 . This gem should get 5 stars on construction and finish alone . Just holding it in your hands it screams quality and feels like a tank . Love it . It seriously feels like a $ 700 camera . No exaggeration . I was a little worried about it not being able to fit in my jean pockets before buying it . Women may have issues with really tight jeans but for us guys no problem . It fits fine . I seriously cant believe I can carry around a camera with a 10x zoom inside my jean pockets . Truly remarkable . The 3 '' screen is amazing . You can practically enjoy your pics right on screen w/o even printing them with the High Res output . Navigation is so easy on this camera . Something not surprising though if your already coming from another panny -LRB- FZ7 here -RRB- . Picture quality is great . I tested it out today on standard and I would say its just as good as my FZ7 in daylight and better in lowlight -LRB- indoors -RRB- . Image quality is great , and if you need extra sharpness you could always use the camera on `` Vivid mode '' or add a little with some post processing . The pics in Standard and natural mode PP very well . The wide angle is something new to me . Took some neat shots that looked very nice with the extra viewing angle . Very distinctive and after having this i 'm not sure if I could go back.If your looking for a do it all camera this may very well be your tool of choice . Combine it 's extreme versatility coupled with excellent image quality , superb lens , build , and finish you have yourself a winner .
 I really like this camera . It has 10x optical , image stabilization , a 3.0 inch lcd with 230,000 pixels , and more . The size is great for a 10x zoom camera . Image stabilization and is great for getting shots that would come out blurry with my Canon Powershot A620 . My other favorite feature besides the zoom and image stabilization , is the wide angle . It is great to finally get cityscapes and have the whole skyline in one shot !! And with the camera set to 16X9 , I can get a 24mm shot!What I do n't like about this camera is it 's short battery life . Even with the1300mAh battery I bought , I get less shots than with my Canon . And the colors of the photos from this camera are a lot less colorful than on the Canon . That is something I will have to get used to . I was very disappointed to find out that this camera has no zoom in movie mode , unlike its predecessor , the TZ1 . Luckily , that did not stop me from buying this camera . Overall , this camera is a great buy , especially if you want i.s. wide angle , and long zoom .
 Just got back from a Tanzania safari . After way too much on-line research , I 'd bought this as a back-up to my Canon Rebel XTi -LRB- with its 20 + lb . of lenses and accessories -RRB- . The TZ-3 has a few shortcomings , but what a fine and fun camera!Outdoor image quality is excellent . The 28-280 Leica lens is amazingly versatile , capturing everything from landscapes and Serengeti sunsets to a leopard in a tree at 100 yards -LRB- not a full frame image , but quite usable -RRB- . The interface is very user friendly . In any mode you just hold down the function key and up comes an on-screen menu of available adjustments and settings . The screen itself is just awesome - big , bright and beautiful.Two of the stops on the mode selection wheel can be set to your favorite of the many available modes . There 's an excellent macro mode . The sunset mode produces spectacular images . The night portrait mode is surprisingly effective , although you may need a tripod prevent blurring of the background . The IS -LRB- image stabilization -RRB- feature works great , but you will still need a tripod or other support if you zoom out to the full 10x . There 's an intelligent ISO mode which is handy in variable lighting -LRB- as long as you limit the ISO to 400 - see below -RRB- . The movie mode is quite usable . Movies and stills can both be shot in 16:9 aspect ratio - very cool if you have a widescreen TV for playback.The camera is solidly built and heavy for its size . -LRB- It 's got a lot of lens for such a small camera . -RRB- But unlike most superzooms , it fits fine in a pants pocket.There are a few drawbacks to the TZ-3 . It 's a shame Panasonic did n't add Av and Tv -LRB- aperture priority and shutter priority -RRB- modes , which would give the user a little more artistic control . Sometimes the f-stop settings the camera selects are less than ideal . Low light image quality is only so-so . As with most compact cameras , the flash is not that helpful . As has been widely reported , ISO settings over 200 do show too much noise control . Use them only if you 're desperate , and make sure to set ISO to 100 in the default mode . The lack of a view finder takes some getting used to , but they 'd have to shrink that lovely screen to add one - a bad move in my opinion . It would be nice to be able to zoom while you 're shooting movies , but I guess the zoom noise would be a problem . None of these mattered enough to make me rate the camera at less than 5 stars , though.I highly recommend this camera for travel and outdoor photography -LRB- e.g. kid sports -RRB- . Do be sure to pick up an extra battery -LRB- generic -RRB- and a couple of SD cards . Use 2.0 GB or 4.0 GB SDHC cards if you 're want to use the movie mode at full resolution . A screen protector might be a good idea if you 're going to carry it around in your pocket.If you 're interested in more details , dcresource and dpreview both have thorough reviews of the TZ-3 . Overall , I 'd buy this camera again in a heartbeat . It does what it 's designed for - takes great travel photos . Fun , fun , fun , and a great value to boot !
 I am a novice -LRB- so take it easy on me professionals -RRB- but after a few weeks or so of ownership I would like to try to address some of the criticisms of the camera . As many have said nothing is perfect . I have been out in the field several times in the afternoon and using the `` power LCD '' setting I was easily able to make out the montitor and set up my shots . I live in an extreme desert environment , so I ca n't imagine another area brighter than where I am at unless you go to the Sahara ; you can see the monitor fine . As for the flash and night shots I have been experimenting with using the slow shutter speeds with and without immage stabalization . I was able to simulate candid shots in almost pitch dark -LRB- using the flash -RRB- by playing with the shutter speed , metering , white balance and exposure settings . I took some surpringly good pictures at lower ISO and with AUTO ISO , but did find when using 800 or 1250 the pictures did appear quite grainy or `` noisy . '' Absolute range was probably no more than 15-20 ' but how much range do you expect from a point and shoot flash?Daylight shots are great , and I am enjoying working with the cameras menus to deal with daylight issues and taking great pictures with too much direct light in many cases where i live . The 10x zoom is great and the digital zoom and addtional magnification available in smaller megapixel sizes is great . I waited quite a long time to purchase a digital camera and think the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- I spent on this camera is well worth the money given the picture quality , versatiliy and the options available for use through the various camera menus . A note on the bulkiness of the camera . Umm ... I personally am not looking for a spy camera to play Mission Impossible . If it was any smaller it would be difficult to manipulate the controls . It fits snugly in its case and is hardly noticeable thrown around my shoulder . Highly Recommended for the traveler and the beginner digital photographer if you practice , practice , practice . If you want a camera where you set the automatic controls and literally point and shoot , this is not the camera for you . If you want an extremely compact incredibly versitile camera thats esentially `` peerless '' in its class and is so absolutely fun to use then get then this one . Its the very best .
 First of all , I am a tough reviewer , I reserve 5 stars for perfection , which does not exist.I have owned more than six different digital cameras of different makes.This camera is a blend of two cameras , a Wide Angle and a 10X Zoom . I have owned this more than four months so here are the Pros and Cons of the TZ3.Pros1.The camera takes high quality great pictures , if you learn to set it properly . To me this is the most important thing about a camera .2 . The zoom works well in the daylight -LRB- with plenty of light -RRB- .3 . The wide angle allows you to see more in the picture frame -LRB- groups , panoramas etc. -RRB- 4 . The intelligent ISO works well in the daylight hours .5 . Beautiful huge -LRB- 3 inch -RRB- and clear LCD .6 . Camera is solid feeling can be used one handed .7 . Very good Optical Image stabilization -LRB- especially when set on OIS # 2 . Cons1.The large LCD -LRB- the only view finder -RRB- eats batteries . Make sure to buy a spare -LRB- a OEM battery can be obtained on Amazon for under $ 20 -RRB- .2 . This cameras flash is only good for 10 ft or so beyond that picture will come out dark at night -LRB- no flash hot shoe -RRB- . There is no way to extend this .3 . Though rated as a 10X zoom camera , this camera is actually about a 7X to 8X zoom . This is an off set for the wide angle I think .4 . The microphone is weak and does not have great sound quality . Probably not good if you shoot a lot of movies .
 I bought the camera to replace a perfectly fine Canon SD550 , because the TZ3 featured 10x zoom and image stabilization . After a recent vacation trip , it turns out that the feature that I like best is the wide angle end of the lens , which gives just enough additional field of view to make a noticeable difference in pictures of scenery , etc. -LRB- it is 28mm equivalent versus 35mm for the Canon and most point and shoot cameras -RRB- . The surprise feature that I would rank # 2 is the easy-to-set-up scene modes , which I found very useful in practice . The long zoom is startling for such a small camera too , although there are no miracles and indoor pictures in low light at high zoom can disappoint.All in all the camera is small and light enough to bring everywhere , has versatile , intuitive controls and it delivers great pictures with no annoying compromises .
 Upgrading to the TZ3 from a 4yr old Canon 3.2 megapixel . Waited a few months to purchase when I heard the TZ1 was being updated . With the TZ3 , Panasonic has fixed the main complaints about the TZ1 which were
 I love to research things and after tons of research , decided this camera was in a class by itself . After using it for a few weeks , I am VERY happy with the purchase.It has the following combination features I could n't find anywhere else : * Wide angle * 10x telephoto . Quite unique in this size camera . * Fast burst mode - 3 pictures/sec . This is what killed the Canons -- they only do barely 2 pictures/sec * Excellent video mode * Pocket camera . Anything else that had the other features was MUCH larger * Price -- well pricedThe main thing this camera lacks is full manual controls . As I 've had that on other cameras and rarely use it , I decided it would be easy to give up.Overall the camera is very easy to use and takes excellent pictures . I 've been using vivid mode based on the advice I 've seen in some reviews . The pictures do appear more vibrant in this mode.I recently found a really cool feature -- the ability to convert a video into a 9-minipicture photo . While viewing a video , you can pause the action , push the telephoto lever to wide , and see 9 frames at once on the screen . Push the shutter button and you now have a 2 mpixel photo of the 9 frames . Its great for sporting events like capturing swimming dives.Highly recommended .
 Shopped around quite a bit for my next camera and settled on the Panasonic Lumix with 10x zoom and I have n't been disappointed . Excellent picture quality , good interface -LRB- not perfect - sometimes hard to figure out exactly what `` mode '' will yield the best pictures -RRB- , beautiful and large LCD -LRB- with high setting for outdoor viewing -RRB- , and that fantastic 10x zoom that takes close-ups and long shots with equal aplomb.All the features work extremely well and I 've been very impressed with outside , inside , low-light , flash and backlit pictures that I 've taken -LRB- and I 've taken about 400 to date -RRB- . The battery life is very good , lasting about 200 pics from what I estimate . While it does n't charge with USB -LRB- which would be ideal -RRB- or have a cradle , the charger is very small and light and easy to travel with . The features on the camera are mostly automatic , but many can be adjusted manually pretty quickly to adjust to the situation.I 'm also impressed with the video , in particular the ability to take 16:9 format video -LRB- and still shots too -RRB- makes it a must-have for anyone with an HD TV . The video is n't quite HD , but it looks fantastic on the TV . The only downside is how much space the video takes -LRB- I assume because of the Quicktime format -RRB- . Get a big memory card - at least 4GB if not 8GB if you plan on taking lots of video.Overall this camera offers a relatively compact size and is as easy to use as any point-n-shoot with some of the most necessary features of a DSLR . It is n't professional quality - but it 's as close as you can get for the price and size as most consumers looking to take great pictures will need .
 10X optical zoom is fantastic . Pic quality is great . Some people focus on the megapixels but these people would have to blow up pictures to get the same image from their crappy 3x or 4x zooms . I took over 1000 photos on a recent trip to England and I still love this camera . Some photos came out blurry but I will be the first to admit I did n't adjust any settings nor account for the crappy weather ! I 'd recommend this camera to anyone who has felt they lost an opportunity of a great pic due to inadequate 3x zoom . I predict that 10X and higher zoom will be the next ` important ' feature on these small cameras . The current 10 Mega Pixels offerings are getting a bit ridiculous now . Someone make me a 6 or 7 MP with a 20X zoom that fits in my pocket .
 This camera 's great for taking striking , dramatic , photos with the ease of a point-and-shoot . I absolutely ADORE the ability to take wide-angle shots and to zoom up so close . It 's completely changed the way I take pictures . I 've gotten wonderful candid shots from far away using the great zoom , and I 've taken some truly spectacular landscape pictures and very compelling portraits at the minimum , wide-angle , zoom . The image stabilization is also great because I 'm an impatient and twitchy photographer.I rely on the wide range of presets to have the camera set up ideally for tricky shooting situations -LRB- e.g. fireworks , nighttime portraits , or snow -RRB- with excellent results . I do n't miss manual controls at all , and I 'm happy to let the camera do that fiddling for me.The video output was a pleasant surprise for me . It looks fantastic and the sound is quite respectable as well . I throw them into iMovie , and they look as good as what 's coming off my 3-CCD DV camcorder . The quality comes at a cost , though , as I fill a memory card in no time recording video . -LRB- Expect about 10 minutes/gigabyte of storage , and 2 GB is your maximum size per-video -RRB- Basically , the camera does the work , and makes it incredibly easy and rewarding to experiment with my photos ' composition . The pictures I 've taken are far more interesting that what I produced with other cameras -LRB- the combination of wide-angle and 16:9 aspect-ratio shots is especially striking -RRB- , and as a result , I 've had a lot more fun taking pictures .
 I wanted to buy a camera which has all the good features of a high end camera , but yet is compact . I did not want a camera which would be bulky and becomes a burden on neck everytime I go out somewhere.In Panasonic Lumix TZ3 , I got exactly what I wanted . It has a wonderful and big LCD screen , has 10X optical zoom and the ISO mode gives you all the clarity in photos that you want . The camera is so compact that you can put it in your pocket . What else would one want ?
 Although I have n't really had a lot of time to fully explore all the TZ3K has to offer , it 's been great so far . The pictures turn out super clear and it captures movement pretty well . The 10 optical zoom is amazing and pretty stable .
 Excellent quality of picture . Excellent lens . Excellent printed picture on Canon MP520 . Too bad that can not be connected directly to printer -LRB- no pictbridge -RRB- . I would recommend to purchase 4Mb High speed memory as recommended in documentation for video . I purchased 2 Mb as nothing is indicated in the amazon site on that camera .
 I bought this camera for my daughter at Christmas , it was so wonderful I bought one for myself . I have the Nikon D-70 for more advanced photography , but this one is the best camera I 've had for carrying everyday . I would highly recommend it ro anyone . It is early to use and has anything you need .
 Great little camera for the price ! I believe it is being discontinued and being replaced by DMC-TZ4 / 5K . Several options for settings and easy to use . Pictures are quite good .
 I bought it to replace an old HP Photosmart R607 -LRB- which took low quality pictures inside or outside -RRB- . The 3 '' screen is great compared to the 1.5 '' that I used to have.It does n't have a viewfinder , but neither do many of the newer model cameras out there anyways . I did n't make much use the viewfinder on the Photosmart.The flash is really bright ; I 'd much rather prefer to brighten up the pictures in Photoshop or some other photo editing software . So I think I 'll just keep the flash on forced off.It 's a great camera , people should n't expect DSLR quality out of a P&S ; .
 awesome camera with a lot of potential , small enough to be the everyday camera but taking professional quality picture , love the optical and digital zoom and all the options it has
 Panasonic did a great job wth this camera
 I gave this camera as a gift to my daughter . She is not a photographer , yet likes to take pictures . She has taken over 100 pics . since Christmas and everyone is great.I highly recomend the Lumix DMC-TZ3
 I like a lot the features o the camera , It has excellent pictures capacities and is easy to used . The mos problematic features is short battery life and the weight . It is a little heavy .
 I thoroughly enjoy my Lumix camera . I like the large view screen and quick shutter response when taking pictures .
 I own a Cannon Rebel XT digital camera and love it . However , because of its size , I ca n't toss it in my purse when I 'm running errands or taking a trip on a fire engine . -LRB- I volunteer as a First Responder and often take pics for training purposes -RRB- I bought this little guy because I needed to have a camera with me at all times and this fella fit in my purse , my pocket , even my wallet . With the 10x optical zoom , I can get all the shots I need wherever I happen to be . On the normal picture taking mode , there is a bit of lag between pressing the button and the actual taking of the picture , but unless you 're trying to shoot a horse race , it will hardly be noticeable . Plus , for those rare occassions when you find yourself at the track shooting a photo finish , this camera has a setting to capture those rapid , moving shots ! I am not a professional photographer , but my sister is and she likes my little buddy . It 's perfect for those shots you would have missed if you had n't had a friend in your pocket .
 This is a great little camera . I bought it for my wife and mother-in-law this past Christmas . Other manufacturers have similar size cameras that are easy to use but they only have a 3x zoom . This camera has a 10x zoom . Picture quality is also very good . There is a `` simple '' mode for those who just want to point and shoot . It will automatically flash with the red eye reduction when shooting inside as well as give you a stabilization mode . For those who are more advanced there are several other settings in order to perfect your picture . The large LCD panel makes it very easy to see your subject . There is no viewfinder on the camera but who really uses one when using a digital camera ? This would be a great `` family '' camera where you may have a beginner and an advanced photographer .
 I received this camera just before my vacation and was so amazed . It was easy to operate , took great pics , had no shutter lag and was lightweight and small . All around the best small camera I have ever seen . My Digital SLR will spend more time in the closet now .
 This is my third panasonic TZ camera . It takes fantastic pictures and has a quick shutter time . The zoom capabilities are incredible . I 've never been in the market for a pricey professional camera but my pictures are important to me . You ca n't beat the quality of the photos , the ease of use , and the affordability of this camera . It even has a setting for babies and children where it marks how old they are to the day on each photo . Would definitely recommend !
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old daughter . I am a photographer and she always wants to take pictures with my camera . So why not get her one of her own . I did n't want to get an ok camera and in a couple years get another so I opted for this one . WOW !!! This is a great camera and she loves it . The zoom and wide angle are great . The large display screen in the back makes me squint at my smaller one . She has already figured out how to make a video on it and I have to say they are great ! They have a good quality , but obviously you need a larger memory card . I would recommend to anyone !!
 I had an upcoming trip to Macchu Picchu and the Galapogos Islands , and wanted a camera to do it all , in a size I could carry anywhere , yet still have great zoom , close-up , and an optical stabilizer . I loved the TZ3 , it provided crisp images with not too much noise . One extra battery is helpful if on a trip where you take lots of pictures , and might not be able to recharge every night .
 I purchased this for my wife , which is n't very good with cameras . She had a hard time getting it setup to take good pictures and changed several setting that caused her to take bad pictures . The camera takes great pictures , once it is setup correctly.I would strongly recommend the camera for anybody that knows a little about photographing.If you are a beginner , do not purchase this camera .
 Great product for the price . I especially like the 10X optical zoom . This was one of the main reason why I decided to get this camera . I 'm glad that I got rid of the FinePix F40FD . Great product Panasonic !!!
 Purchased this camera for our daughter-in-law and one of the features she specified was to have a large viewing screen . This camera amazed us all with the size of the screen . We have a digital camera that cost about five times what this one cost and I would almost trade with her . The only downside is because of the screen size , you have to be careful holding the camera when taking a picture .
 Easy to use for a beginner , yet complex enough for someone interested in more creative photography . Optical zoom lens great for close-ups . Different scene settings lots of fun to play with . Small enough to carry in a purse !! Battery lasts a long time before re-charging . My first digital camera , and I 'm very pleased with it .
 I needed a better camera , and a long time I considered a Canon G7 or this one . The main reasons to buy this Panasonic where : + 28mm wide angle -LRB- you always want to get more people into your party picture , or take as much of a landscape as you can -RRB- + big lens dia -LRB- good for pictures in low light without flash -RRB- + image stabilizer -LRB- good for pictures in low light without flash -RRB- , this feature works very well + 10x optical zoom -LRB- this is really impressive for such a small camera -RRB- + small camera -LRB- it really fits in your pocket , the Canon G7 is about double thick and is quite a brick that does not fit in your pocket -RRB- + 3 '' TFT screen -LRB- you always want to review your photo 's and show them around , a large screen is important -RRB- - After I started using the camera , I noticed colors are more `` flat '' compared to my old Canon SD230 . So I changed the setting on the Panasonic from `` standard '' to `` natural '' . A bit better but not really ok to me . I tried the `` vivid '' setting , but that was pushing the colors too hard . After this I realized Canon does a better job on color . - No view finder . When you are making a picture with the sun from your back , the 3 '' screen glares so much that you can not see what you are doing . The Canon SD230 has a very tiny 1.8 '' screen , but it had a matte non glare finish so it did not reflect the sun so badly . Also the SD230 had a view finder . Panasonic should have done a non-glare finish on the 3 '' screen or should have added a view finder.All in all , it is a very good little camera with excellent features for little money . I guess the Canon G7 -LRB- and now G9 -RRB- camera 's would have produced better color quality images , but those cameras cost a lot more and are too big in size for me .
 A nice camera with a large 3 '' lcd to see everything . Easy to use and takes great pictures . Amazon has the best prices !
 I got this camera to replace a DMC-FZ7 , which I loved but was stolen . What sold me on it , as opposed to an FZ8 , was the wider lens and the fact that I can carry it reasonably well in my pocket -LRB- which means I have my camera on me more often and take more pictures -RRB- . In general I like the camera a lot but there are a few problems I have encountered.In normal light and especially natural light , the image quality is good . Pictures are crisp and the colors really pop . The 28mm wide angle lens is a big plus , and have really give some of my pictures a great look . I 'd say its the best feature on the camera . The gigantic LCD screen is also a really nice feature and I certainly do n't miss the viewfinder.But on the downside , the shooting in low light can really be a problem . I 've experienced a lot of noise and graininess , especially in low light but also in some indoor shots where I would n't have expected light to be a problem . Also , the camera sometimes has a hard time picking the right ISO , even with its intelligent ISO setting , and I have to go into the menu and pick the right one . The biggest problem is that in some of my low light photos you can see artifacts . For example , the edge of someone 's hair will look like staircase , instead of a smooth line . Keep in mind that this was very low light , but I was still really surprised.The last thing is that I feel like I get more blurry pictures when I 'm zoomed all the way in than I did with the FZ7 . It 's not a very common occurrence , but it almost never happened before . Maybe its just that the TZ3 is smaller and lighter.For its size its a great camera , much better than , say , a powershot . But if I did it again I might go with the FZ8 .
 This is a very nice camera with a very good zoom range . A tripod is recommended if available over the image stabilization modes provided.With a tripod , the image quality at both ends of the zoom range is great for prints to 8x10 or possibly larger.With a 4 Gb memory card , the camera will take over 1100 high resolution pictures or near half an hour of 20 fps XVGA video.White balance is OK , but for shooting backlight , snow , xmas lights , be sure to use the scenery modes rather than standard picture mode . However , the dynamic range is good enough you can salvage mis-shots with photoshop , etc.It would be nice if there were a cap available to cover the lens when stored.The battery life is nothing to write home about , and transferring files using usb or pict bridge seems to really drain the camera.Advise getting a spare battery and the optional DC power supply .
 This is my 4th Panasic camera/camcorder . My small one , the FX9 , developed a shadow on the lens , probably from the abuse it gets being in my pocket when I am using it on the move . So I had to replace it . And it is still available and is cheaper than the TZ3K , so I had a rough decision to make.I went with the TZ3K because it has a 10x zoom , compared to 6x on my other one . You would not think this is a big deal , but my other Panasonic has a 12x zoom and you miss it when you do n't have it . The TZ3K is a bit bigger and heavier , which I like , given that my small one was probably damaged because it was so small . That being said , you could slip the FX9 into any sized pocket while the TZ3K will not fit into most pants pockets.The TZ3K is the improved version of another Panasonic camera that looks just like this one , except that one has an outside lens cap and this one 's cap is electronically built in . Which is a great improvement , among many others.It has a good selection of presettings for things like night shots and fireworks , but you can not adjust any other settings . If you want to get really creative and a presetting does n't work , you need to step up a camera class.My only real complaint is that the flash is tiny and if the light is bad , this camera struggles to produce anything worthwhile . If the subject is moving in a dimly lit room , forget it . It ca n't handle it . This is typical of most digital cameras so you ca n't ding Panasonic too hard on this.In bright light it works great , and if the subject is still and within range of the flash it works great . Just do n't expect a huge and powerful flash in this camera class . And you have to watch how you hold the camera . My wife tends to put a finger over the flash and blocks it even more unless she is paying attention.I like having a pocket camera for times when taking along my big Bertha is just a pain . And it is simple enough to use that my wife uses it like a pro with very little instruction.Of course , as with all Panasonic products , no batteries can be interchanged with any other camera . They have to get their pound of flesh somehow . The battery life is ok , provided you are not using the flash a lot . In bright light I have gone all day shooting hundreds of pictures on one battery . Using the flash will cut that down drastically.I like this camera overall and it is a good compromise between small point and shoot cameras and the monsters .
 I 've purchased hundreds and hundreds of items on Amazon and have never felt compelled as I do now to write a review . This product is amazing . I 've always used my 35mm Canon fancy camera , but my husband bought me this camera when it first came out a year or two ago and I 've never used the Canon since . It 's so easy to use , but better than that , the quality of the pictures is amazing . We took it to Venice , Istanbul , Greece , Croatia , Ireland , Panama , and have returned with pictures that look like postcards . We 've since purchased two more for gifts for family members and they feel the same . -LRB- Three other friends of ours have bought one on our recommendation and love it . -RRB- Now we 're buying a fourth one for our daughter 's 18th birthday . She needs her own because we wo n't let her borrow ours - it 's always with us no matter what .
 After almost a year of research I picked this camera as the one I wanted . I am not disapointed . I am able to take hand held pix at 15X -LRB- the extended zone -RRB- and they come out very nice . I have taken pix at 60X on a tripod and they are amazing . This camera does so much more than it says in the write up.The only thing I miss in this camera is a view finder . It would make taking tele pix much easier .
 Most cameras in any given price range seem to have similar features , but the Lumix TZ3 is the only one that I have seen with a 28mm lens . This extra wide lens -LRB- for a pocket digital camera -RRB- plus the 10x zoom and stabilizer with theLeica label , sold me . Although I miss having an eye-level viewfinder , the large 3-inch screen with variable brightness control is a standout feature . Also , I have had a very favorable experience with this Lumix ` sbigger brother , the FZ30 , an extraordinary camera .
 I needed a point and shoot camera that was compact but would deliver great photos under a variety of conditions . I narrowed it down to the TZ3 and the Canon SD1000 . The SD1000 was significantly smaller and also took great photos -LRB- or so I read online -RRB- . I ended up ordering the TZ3 because I was willing to sacrifice the smaller size for a wide angle 10x zoom lens . About 2,500 pictures later I am throughly pleased . The camera does great in almost any condition . It has trouble with action shots even in sports scene mode or intelligent ISO mode . Metadata from some of my pictures shows that the camera is capable to going down to 1/1000 of a second but it will not do that unless the picture is being taken in bright sun.Pros : -10 x zoom-28mm wide angle-Fantastic OS even at full zoom-Great 3 '' LCD-has a `` Power LCD '' mode for bright sun-intuitive menu system-Takes widely available SD cards-Fairly compact for its feature set-Good value -LRB- ~ $ 300 -RRB- Cons : - Average battery life-Heavy -LRB- bad for your pocket but good for a steadier shot -RRB- So far I am very very pleased with my purchase . I can easily recommend this camera .
 I 've had this camera for about a month and a half . I was about to take it back after three days as I was having trouble with focus and getting macro focus ... and then we made friends in a big way . I am a mountain biker and have taken this camera on the trail with me for amazing shots and video . I prefer to use the manual settings , but the simple mode takes beautiful shots as well . I have taken incredible macro shots free-hand , but it opens a whole other world with a tripod . OMG ! Some of the pictures I 've taken of my bike components looks like magazine glossies . I have taken pictures of the moon that garner `` ooohs '' and `` ahhhs '' from everyone . My concert pics are amazing . If you are not into taking the time to learn how to use the manual settings , you will not get the most out of this camera . Get to know the camera , take your time , and for heck sakes , learn to focus the darn thing before you complain about it ! Shooting at `` nothing '' will get you nothing you 're happy with . The different color settings will totally change your picture of the same object . Cool ! Definitely invest in the 4GB memory card and an extra battery . Play around with this camera and you will love it ! Thank you , Panasonic !!
 Short and sweet , for the money , this is a top performer . I am replacing an older lumix 5 MP model . I expected a great upgrade to the zoom -LRB- 10X vs 3X -RRB- and the LCD -LRB- 3in vs 2.5 in -RRB- . What I did n't expect is a terrific upgrade in video quality ! Now , I do n't need to carry 2 cameras . Pics look great in iPhoto -LRB- although I usually adjust them -RRB- I would agree with previous authors to set color on VIVID .
 I have purchased several digital cameras -- this one is simply the easiest to use and the zoom is incredible . So far I have not had any blurry photos or any other typical technical problems . You need to purchase a memory card -- other than that , I highly recommend this !
 The camera is great all around . Pros are Great 10x zoom , lcd screen , fast start up , small shutter lag , big quality lens , sturdy . Only cons are would like a seperate flash button , no viewfinder , heavy , and does n't really fit in your pocket .
 I 've used the Lumix for a couple of weeks now , and I really like it . It 's great both indoors and out . Being an old-fashioned sort , I do miss having a viewfinder , but so far that 's the only complaint I have .
 This ia a great little camera with a great little size . I got the SanDisk 2 GB Extreme III SD Memory Card and that seems to work great while taking the highest resolution video . It 's not as good as my Canon Rebel XT , but I would n't expect it to be . For what it is , and for the money , I think this is the best little snapshot camera out there .
 The Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3K proved to be an exceptional buy . For a camera under $ 300 dollars , it takes terrific pictures . The 10x zoom and image stabilization works well . I would definitely recommend it .
 I love this camera . the different `` scenes '' you can select work really well , ESPECIALLY the baby1 and baby2 though I have n't figured out the difference . The flash works really well in low light , but my only complaint is that it does n't take the best outside pictures on automatic , but I 'm sure that 's just something I have n't figured out yet , they just come out WAY too bright . Otherwise , it 's wonderful for the price.What I like most about this camera is it 's ability to take GREAT low-light pictures with the flash off . You 're not washing anyone out with the flash , and you do n't get ridiculously blurry results . This is by FAR the best point-and-shoot camera I 've owned.My only complaint is that I wish it auto-focused faster so that I could take a speedier picture , and that thing about the outdoor pictures being too bright , but I 'm sure I 'll figure that one out .
 This is a great camera . I was going to get a digital SLR camera because I wanted a faster shooting speed , but after researching further I realized everthing I would give up . This is the best compromise between a compact and a larger SLR camera . I love the 10x zoom , it has a nice big LCD monitor to review pictures and position shots . I 've become addicted to filming video clips of my kids and sending them to friends and family thru youtube . My only wish is that it could be faster when shooting multiple shots , but I think it is still better than most compacts . Also some pictures seem to come out a bit darker than I would like , but that might be the photographer . I 'm a point and shoot kind of person .
 I almost did n't order this camera because it sounded a little too complicated for my first digital camera but I was sooo wrong ! This is a full service camera for dummies ! The menus are easy to use and understand , the functions are easy to access and use and the design is really comfortable to hold . The view screen is the sharpest and largest -LRB- a full 3 '' -RRB- out of all the cameras I looked at before deciding on this one . Downloading is really simple and editing is fun . This camera is so enjoyable to use , I would suggest it for young people as well as us seniors . I would suggest , however , that you invest another few dollars and buy the screen protector because the screen shows smudges easily . It 's just a clear plastic stick on that you can buy almost anywhere camera are sold . -LRB- The ` fish lady ' also recommends getting this camera in blue . . it 's really pretty ! -RRB-
 I started looking for a compact camera which can improve my skills by letting me to do most of the settings manually . It should also have an original underwater case for taking pictures while I ` am scuba diving . I found Canon G7 , Panasonic Lx2 and Leica Dlux3 at the beginning . G7 was too big to be a compact camera and the other two did not have an underwatercase.Then I changed my mind and looked for a compact which is best for both underwater and daily use . I end up with TZ3 . The superior -LRB- 10x optical -RRB- zooming capacity makes everthing very easy and safe underwater . You do not have to come so close to dangerous or shy animals to capture their high quality macro photos . And also the widescreen -LRB- 16:9 -RRB- format allows you to capture big fish or groups of fish in one shot . The underwater scenario mod enables me to capture the real colors of underwater . Big LCD screen helps me for better capturing of the images underwater . Of course you should buy the DMW-MCTZ3 with the camera.Three negatives : - compared to the other super compacts , its a little bit bigger and heavier-as all the other compacts , there is `` noise '' in low ligth -LRB- high iso -RRB- shots-no zoom ability during movie recording
 I used to have a Sony T7 that 's really thin and great to carry around . Bought the DMC-TZ3 from Panasonic to have higher quality images and the awesome 10x optical zoom . Indeed it 's a great camera , but it 's heavy and a little too big if you want to slip it inside your jeans pocket in a trip for example . I bought a neoprene case that takes up little space . That 's enough to protect it , but it 's not good if you want to bring an extra battery . All the other cases I found made the camera too big .
 Panasonic has put an extraordinary Leica zoom lens -LRB- 28-280mm -RRB- with excellent optical image stabilization on an average 7 mega pixel camera body . The lens makes the camera very attractive for travel but somewhat larger and heavier than its competition . This is the essence of this new camera and the rest is just commentary .
 I have n't bought a new camera for quite a while so this was pretty big upgrade from what I had . I like the quality of the photos really well and it seems to do a great job indoors . Have n't tried it outside yet though . Zooms in really great . Has trouble with red eye when snapping a pic from across the room with the high zoom . Almost no internal memory so get a nice SD disc with it . I got a 2 gig disc and am really happy with how many pics it holds . Over 550 at highest picture quality , or 22 minutes of video at highest quality . The movie capture is n't ideal . It uses real . mov format and you ca n't seem to adjust the zoom while recording . Its ok though . The battery is unique to this camera and has to use a special charger outside the camera which is less convienent then say a docking station . You take the battery out of the camera , put it in a holder , and then plug that in to a wall outlet . Not a perfect system , you have to prepare ahead of time and be ready . The camera is large and heavy compared to other cameras out there I suppose but it 's nothing compared to the way cameras used to be not so long ago . The large screen is awsome , the zoom is awsome , and if I want something more portable I 'll use my cell phone . For me the trade offs were worth the nice features .
 Yes , it is a great buy , only depending who you are.This camera is perfect for someone who does n't want to do anything , just take the picture . It has many settings for many different situations
 I purchased this camera for a trip to Africa . Since I was going to be traveling , it needed to be compact -LRB- not necessarily tiny -RRB- , have a large zoom -LRB- I was trying to avoid becoming lunch for the lions by having to get too close for pictures -RRB- and have strong battery life.In general , the Panasonic TZ3 exceeded my expectations . Here 's a run down : Pros :1 . Zoom Lense - the 10x zoom is outstanding . If this were a 35mm camera , the lense would have a rating of 28mm to 280mm zoom -LRB- hence the 10x -RRB- . 28mm is a great wide angle and is perfect for taking group shots or panoramas . The 280mm is a great telephoto - 50mm is equivalent to natural vision , the 280mm is equivalent to a 6x magnification . The camera also comes with two levels of Optical Image Stabilization which helps reduce camera shake and allows for better pictures . This is absolutely critical when working at the 280mm end of the zoom lense .2 . Size and weight - the camera is compact , but not necessarily pocketable in jeans . It fits nicely into purses and jacket pockets . The camera has some heft , which ensures that you can hold the camera steady when taking pictures -LRB- this is absolutely critical at high magnifications -RRB- . Moreover , it imparts a feeling of quality .3 . Great travel features - Panasonic designed this camera with a traveler in mind . There are some useful features for travelers including
 Great camera ! I 've owned many digital cameras and they all have their positives and negatives ... but what I realized that I needed most was optical zoom better than 3x because I love to take close up shots of people and pets . The Panasonic Lumix is great !! 10x optical zoom is exactly what I needed . The shots are great ... clear ... this camera is easy to use . I 've only had it a few weeks and still learning about all the settings available and what to use when . But some of the obvious settings -LRB- beach , sunset , portrait , macro -RRB- have produced some amazing shots and I 'm excited for an upcoming vacation to take/learn more . The camera is comfortable to hold . The LCD screen is HUGE !! Battery life seems to be more than adequate -LRB- especially compared to AA rechargeables I 've had in previous cameras -RRB- . The charger is quick ... and I purchased an extra battery and charger to use in my car which is convenient . Enjoy this camera ... I am .
 I came off a Canon PowerShot S40 , a little 4-megapixel brick of a camera that gave me 4 years of excellent results . That was my first digital camera after a closet-full of film Nikons.Many buffs claim that 4 megapixels is all you need , and I made a number of nice looking A3 prints . Now that I have 7 megapixels to work with , I see that I was wrong
 I 've had my TZ3 since June , and as a casual photographer I 'm very pleased with its ease of use and with the pictures I 've taken with it . But for the reason discussed below , this is not a camera you can just toss into your purse or backpack without a protective case on it . That 's why I 'm giving it four stars.I chose this camera because of : -- the 28mm lens -LRB- which so far I have n't found on any other point and shoot digital camera - though there may be one out there somewhere -RRB- , -- the 10x optical zoom , -- the big -LRB- ! -RRB- 3-inch LCD display , and -- image stabilization.The TZ3 is a bit heavier and larger than my old Nikon Coolpix 7900 , but these additional features make the small extra weight and size worth it to me . I 've taken it on trips to Wyoming and Peru , and have been pleased with the pictures I 've come home with , from such a small and easy to carry camera.I 'm glad I bought an extra battery , because I tend to use the camera intensively , taking lots of high-resolution pictures , which drains the battery faster than `` normal . '' I 'd rather carry an extra charged battery when out all day with the camera , than worry about getting stuck with a dead battery and no spare late in the day . So far , that 's not been a real problem since the batteries are still fairly new.The only major weak point I 've found
 For an average shooter this is a fantastic camera . You wo n't be sorry . If you 're a professional , do n't bother to write a review . You should know better before you buy . This is a great point and shoot and if you want to experiment you can try different settings . Went to Bryce Canyon and love the camera . Battery life is excellent . Get a backup they 're cheap . I bought this for the 10x optical which can go to 15x if you set the pixs at 3.2 or 12x at 5 pix . The surprise I 'm appreciating is the 28mm wide angle.You can also shoot in 4:3 or 16:9 and playback in 16:9 for letterbox TV . It is small enough to keep in shorts and loose pants pockets all day . I appreciate the Amazon reviews , very helpful .
 I have had a couple of digital cameras for work -LRB- 3x zoom/3 -5 MB types -RRB- prior to getting this one for personal shots . The zoom capability and the sharpness is what attracted me to this model . I wanted to to get a DSLR at first but I realized that I did n't want to carry a lot of gear . This camera fits in my pocket -LRB- front pocket ... you sit on this and you will bruise -RRB- and is quick to get turned on and take a shot . The low light gripes I hear from folks is typical ... keep in mind film never had a real answer to provide real good shots in low light in point and shoot cameras . If you want to shoot low light photography , I suggest getting a DSLR with a fast lens and/or a good flash . But back to real reason I got this ... the 10X optical zoom is awesome and if you add a monopod or tripod for you shaky folks , you can get some great composed shots !!
 Great camera . .10 x super zoom in small package wow !! Plus16 :9 format in video and still photos.I use mulit-burst w / optical zoomon ocean waves crashing on beach for beautiful color images.Deleting photos takes a bit longer than a cannon I own but themulti-delete is very useful.All in all I say its money wellspent considering all the options you get . Just purchase anextra battery -LRB- Frys $ 35 -RRB- and a 4G card and you can shoot all day . . video included .
 I recently went on a 31/2 week trip to Europe with some friends and I wanted a good , durable camera that was small enough to stuff in my purse but that also had a good optical zoom . This Lumix fit the bill perfectly . It 's easy to use , has simple point and click as well as more complex features as you become more familiar with the camera . I spent about 10 minutes looking over the instruction booklet and off I went . The zoom totally lived up to its promise . The 10x was awesome and I got incredible shots with my friends coming to the conclusion they wanted 10x cameras too . Another big plus was the durability of the camera . I am less careful than I should be with my high tech stuff . I dropped the camera once -LRB- with the lens shut -RRB- and also managed to bash it against solid objects a couple other times and it still works great . The pictures themselves were crisp and clear and from my strictly amateur perspective , terrific.Oh , and I was also very pleased with the battery . Even on a full day when I was out exploring ruins all day long -- taking over 300 pictures plus a few short films -- the battery was still 1/2 charged by the end of the day . And , once I started remembering I could actually take short films with the camera , I started using this feature more and more . It takes good films , you just have to make sure you pan the camera very slowly.I would definitely recommend this camera .
 I have had the camera for a month now and I absolutely love it . I bought it for the massive zoom and the ability to slip it into my pocket . I was also looking for something inexpensive , but is feature rich and adjustable . The lumix offers so much more than that . I love the 10x Zoom . It turns out that I have used high zoom many times in a month . I am glad I did not buy a camera that has a 3x or 4x zoom like the canon , or go around toting a big camera bag.The camera has lots of very handy adjustments . I have n't figured out all of them yet though and keep discovering new features . The lcd display is big and very good.I never missed not having a view finder . Frankly , who uses view finders with digital cameras anyway?The only con I found so far , and hence 4 stars - the low light pictures are good , but could be better . It still is a great improvement over a minolta and a canon I had previously .
 I previously had a Panasonic DMC-LZ2 with which I was satisfied , so I was comfortable with choosing another Panasonic DMC and familiar with many of the features and menus . The DMC-TZ3 has been an amazing little camera for a point and shoot that I got for just under $ 200 . It has many extras that my LZ2 did n't have - love the candlelight setting - and it does well in low light . I put an 8G memory card in it and purchased an extra battery - these lasted through at least 1.5 hours of video and 150 pictures - both at the maximum quality . I have been receiving rave reviews on my videos on YouTube and many questions as to what kind of camera I used ... my only wish for it is that you could change the zoom level in the middle of videoing . Be sure to not have your finger over the microphone while recording - my first test video had this awful sound - fortunately I figured out why.To see my videos - search for fanmamma on YouTube and look for video created October 28 , 2008 , or later . Be sure to set it to watch in high quality ; as good as these are , the original files are even better .
 i love this camera . even in the simple mode takes excellent pictures . i 've noticed a lot of my friends who research cameras like I did also have this camera
 I have had this camera since Christmas and it has treated me very well . It takes really good photos . It has difficulties in dim lit rooms , but nothing more than any other basic camera I have owned -LRB- Finally moved up to DSLR and wow what a difference -RRB- . I still carry this camera around so I have a camera handy when lugging my giant DSLR around isnt practical . The one thing I have been extremly impressed with is the durability . I was at the Pepsi Center in Denver watching an indoor football game and I accidentally dropped it into the row in front of me . It missed the chair in front of me totally and landed directly on the concrete . I would say it was about a 6-7 foot drop . I know part of it must have been luck , but the only thing that broke was a small clip that holds the battery in when you open the battery door . Not a big deal really , I just now know to expect the battery to come popping out when I open the door . Other than that the camera works as good as the first day I got it . Granted I dont use it as much as I used to , now that I have my new `` BEAST '' of a camera -LRB- Canon 40D -RRB- because the pictures arent even in the same league , but for a camera in this range , I would definately buy another one if it hadnt survived my accidental drop . It is very handy and will fit in my LARGE pocket . For a convienient , semi-pocketable point and shoot , I dont think anyone would be dissappointed with this camera .
 Great camera , Has a Smart ISO option which knows what settings to choose when taking the shot.Big 3 inch lcd screen on the back is awesome
 Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3K 7.2 MP Digital Camera with 10x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Black -RRB- As an infrequent camera user we 've had an older KODAK which had sufficed . Double AA batteries are a killer on a long run . I have lots of back up for it . Our recent purchase and use at Disney/Orlando , -LRB- in prep for an Alaska trip -RRB- with the DMC-TZ3 for both single and video shots was just great . Never needed the back up battery I purchased and I did a lot of video/sound recording . As an amatuer at best , my first attempt at singles and video turned out great . Lots of info in the `` instructions '' but you 'll have to work with the `` camera on-line '' menu also where they give `` the '' photo situation you are in at the moment and that really helps get great pics .
 What a great product . I was looking for a decent priced camera that took both video and still photos with a good zoom and I certainly found it . A week later , I was shooting beautiful shots of a once in my lifetime vacation and was impressed immediately . The instructions were pretty much to the point and several ` specialty ' shot features ` developed ' into a truly great shot . I also purchased a 8G card and shot all week with PLENTY of space to spare . Only had to recharge once during the week . The 10X video has an excellent quality , even at night . I would have liked it to zoom during the video shoot , but I learned quickly that I could change the zoom during a pause and it worked nicely . This is the best camera I have ever owned , and I got it much lower here than the Panasonic Direct website !!
 This is one of the best camera 's I have come across . The picture quality that comes from this camera is absolutely priceless . I have gone through many camera 's -LRB- I 'm an electronics junky -RRB- . For instance , I took a picture of a Dove , though a closed window , in the rain . You can actually see the tiny water droplets on the doves back . The photo 's from this camera , look as ggod as professional shots . As far as `` Pro 's & Con 's '' , I 'd say there are LOADS of `` Pro 's '' and very few `` Cons '' . The camera is a little `` heavy '' compared to alot of the newer camera 's but Panasonic makes up for it in quality . Loads of picture settings for all sorts of conditions , etc. . I do find that if you do not a have a fresh battery , some photo 's will come out blurry , especially if you are using the zoom . All in all , I 'd say this is a wonderful purchase .
 Pros > Ultra compact camara with amazing zoom and lcd . Pictures with great definition . Leica lens!Cons > Although it has image stabilization , as it is a very light camera , sometimes your picture may be blurry because of shake .
 It is a great digital camera , good image resollution , very good zoom and easy to handle . It is a little bit heavy but I think that it is for the great zoom lent that it has
 Needed a new camera because my old Konica was having problems . Knew I wanted something with a good optical zoom for taking those special pictures from far away . This camera exceeded my expectations . The first use was at a football game . Photos looked like I was standing on the sideline.Also love the way this camera takes care of you . On it 's intelligent mode it did better than a friend 's camera that 's supposed to be much better .
 I love Panasonic products and since I found this great camera I didnt hesitated to purchase it . I love the optical zoom , gives me great closure to objects , people or places . The quality of my pictures are superb!Had my camera until now July 2012 and it was the best purchase I ever made . Someone dropped it and the LCD screen and lens were affected . It gave me great pictures and the best 5 years of a great product !!! Thank you Panasonic ... . Now I am ordering the next generation on the same camera . The person who dropped mine is getting me a new one , hurray !!! ...
 Camera worked fine . Was surprized , it came with a battery and cable to PC . Nice . Only thing missing was the SM card .
 Easy to take terrific spur-of-the-moment shots . Have used it for ten thousand pictures since 2008 have not found anything as easy , sturdy , dependable , versatile to use that also takes super photos . Perfect 3.0-inch LCD with 230,000-pixel resolution , automatically increases , by 40 % , brightness in viewer in low lighting . Date Stamp with the date a photo was taken , the day of the week , can also stamp a baby 's age in months on a photo . EASY with gorgeous pictures . * Slim body * 10x optical zoom * Built in lens cover * fits-in-your-pocket * 7.2 megapixel DMC-TZ3 * shutter interval is 0.5 second * Intelligent ISO reduces motion blur * Around 12.7 MB of built-in memory * Accepts large-capacity SDHC memory cards * record at ISO 1250 with full resolution * Shutter release time lag is 0.006 second * three aspect ratios -- 4:3 , 3:2 or 16:9 * LEICA DC VARIO-ELMAR 28mm wide-angle lens * Battery life 270 shots on a single charge -LRB- CIPA -RRB- * 16:9 motion images look perfect a wide-screen TV * ideal for shooting group portraits in a small room * point and shoot no adjusting settings needed * dual image playback displays two images on the LCD * unlimited consecutive shooting 3 frames per second at full resolution * A wide variety of ` scene modes ' which I still have not tried in 4 years * O.I.S -LRB- Optical Image Stabilizer -RRB- reduces blurring from shaky hands * Direct Print allows easy printouts via a USB cable to a Pictbridge-compatible printer * displays thumbnails of nine sequential frames from a motion image -LRB- to analyze golf swings , etc -RRB- * Venus Engine III image-processor raises the ISO setting and shutter speed based on movement and light * Movies recording standard VGA -LRB- 640 x 480 -RRB- and wide-aspect VGA -LRB- 848 x 480 -RRB- at 30 frames per second
 Let me first start out by stating that I know nothing of cameras . My fiance , now husband , knew that I was preparing for a study abroad trip to South Africa . As a gift , he purchased this for me so that I may be able to record my experiences of being out in the bush studying non-human primates . Well , I had a week to figure out all the gadgets and features . By the time I got to Africa , I knew how to be able to take the best pictures possible with this new toy of mine . So , 4,000 + pictures and 4 weeks later , I had some of the best pictures , even in comparison to the `` higher end '' cameras . The other students in my class were requesting certain images of mine that they had captured with their own cameras , but mine had come out much better . Even when their cameras had higher zoom capability , my images came out clearer.Last year , when the moon was at its closest orbit to the Earth , I was able to mount my camera to a tripod and take amazing photos of the moon . I had never used my camera on a tripod prior to this occasion and was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was.Unfortunately , the summer of 2011 was not good for my camera - I accidentally dropped it on the beach in Galveston , Texas , thinking that my daughter had gotten a hold of it as I was passing it to her.Will I be buying this camera again ? Oh , yes .
 This camera is portable , durable , has a great battery life and I have now been using it for 2-3 years . It takes fantastic pictures . The most important feature for me while buying was the relatively high mega pixel count -LRB- at that time -RRB- and the optical zoom -LRB- not a huge fan of digital zoom -RRB- . The red eye reduction flash setting sometimes gives trouble when in dark settings ; you have to take another shot at taking the picture . It has not been that troublesome though . I am yet to consult the manual - yes , this is one camera you can use very quickly .
 I bought this camera a week ago as a used special on another site , and once I learned what it can and can not do , I 'm quite pleased . I am a semi-pro photographer who was looking for a p & s ; to give me a viable photo tool for those times I do n't want to carry my DSLR and related equipment . I believe I 've found it - the Leica glass is great for a camera like this , and convenient access to important options via intelligently designed button/function features make this a pretty easy camera to enjoy . It is not a serious camera so do n't ask it to be , but once you gain a familiarity with it 's functions and capabilities , it will do a very nice job of capturing respectable photos for you . Important
 This was a great purchase for me . I 've had it now for 11/2 yrs . The screen view is great . The down side is that I think the picture quality is n't as good as some of my friends cameras who do n't have quite the zoom . Next time I purchase , I 'll prob go with a little less zoom , higher quality for my point and shoot camera and then get a high grade professional camera for photography fun .
 This camera is excellent . The 10X zoom is great . Only complaint is in video mode , the zoom is fixed at the start point and the movie files are Quicktime MOV format rather than MPEG
 Pros ; - Takes great pictures , even in relatively low light.-Long zoom with image stabilization in a compact camera is an unusual and very useful combination.-Compact , yet comfortable to hold with big hands-Large screen is easy to see even in daylight . Lack of a viewfinder turns out to be a nonissue for me.-Easy for beginners to operate.Cons ; - Ca n't zoom while taking movies
 This camera is probably the best I have ever owned . With a 10x optical zoom it beats anything else in its class . Pictures are clear and sharp with brilliant colors .
 I RECEIVED THE CAMERA VERY PROMPTLY . ITS A GREAT CAMERA . VERY PLEASED WITH THE QUALITY OF THE PICTURES . I LIKE THE COMPACT SIZE AND THE LARGE VIEWING SCREEN .
 This camera has a really good picture with great zoom and stabalization . If you going to use the full 10X zoom I recommend a tripod . It 's a decent value but it is a niche product . Most people do n't need the zoom and might prefer to have 8MP . If you are serious about photography get an SLR . Having the great zoom in a compact package is perfect for a tweener like me though .
 The Lumix camera has everything I 've been looking for to upgrade my current camera . Very happy with it !
 This camera is a winner ! It was a gift for our daughter who travels alot . It is small but has a great viewing screen ... stabilizer , zoom ... the best .
 I bought this camera for a friend and I have just tested it with few photoes . The photoes look very good !
 I love this camera ! Highly recommend it . Has a great zoom . Great picture quality .
 Panasonic 's compact TZ3 with 10Xzoom , Intelligent ISO and Stabilization is a winner ! My holiday family pictures , indoors and out , came out sharp and clear with true colors . I would like to see a bit more reach with the flash , but it 's a small price to pay for such an awesome point-and-shoot camera . With all its features and modes , who needs a bulky DSLR ?
 I love the large viewer and ease of use of this camera . The pictures are extremely clear and life-like . I have already had so many people compliment me on , of all things , my camera . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a camera that has the ability to take clear true-to-life pictures under any circumstance .
 Great camera with large LCD screen and wide angle zoom .
 The camera works beautifully and has superior performances . The super-zoom lens really makes the difference .
 This is a great compact camera with a lot of bells and whistles for the price . I have been impressed with the video feature . Combine this camera with a 2GB card from Amazon and you 're good to go !
 I am far from a pro but the TZ3 dose n't care . I have yet to use movie andstarry night modes but I am satisfied with the rest . I 'm not getting many pics with the battery but the amount is increasing with each charge . I 'm sure there are faults with it but I have n't found any yet .
 Love this camera . Takes photos much faster than my older digital camera . The movie mode takes pretty good small videos for a camera ! Great zoom . Great stabilizer .
 Great camera . A little bulky for a point and shoot . Zoom is excellent , all optical .
 This camera is a feature packed compact camera that makes few trade-offs from more expensive and larger cameras . The camera has many customer delight items that enhance the photographic experience.While manual operation of shutter speed and f-stop is desirable , the use of pre-set scenes compensates for this lack . If you take the time to review the scenes , their use will generaly result in proper exposures.Some of these pre-set scenes allow for photos to be also labeled with chronological data such as the age of a child or pet or the vacation day of a trip . These are easy to set and simple to use for photos.The 12X zoom brings objects close but you 'll need to practice a light touch to get the amount of zoom correct . The ability to take photos in low light without flash is impressive but beware that the trade-off is a photo with significantly lower resolution.Overall a great feature rich camera at a competitive price .
 I bought the TZ3 about five months ago . It joined my collection of digital cameras which include a Konica Minolta DSLR , and several smaller cameras such as a Nikon L-1 . I took the TZ3 to Europe in July where we visited England , France and Italy . I took close to 300 handheld photos and did not have one single failure . The camera performed amazingly . Despite its small size , the optically stabilized lens resulted in some great photos in the cities , countrysides and towns of Europe . In places where I could n't use a flash , available light photos were astounding . Photos taken with the 28-mm wide angle lens came through in tight areas with very little lens distortion . Many of these photos were of poorly lighted areas , which did n't faze this camera at all.Due to its somewhat hefty -LRB- read `` solid build '' -RRB- weight -LRB- for its size -RRB- this camera travels well . In fact , I did not miss my large DSLR at all . As far as I am concerned , Panasonic has produced the best pocket sized camera ever.Pros include ; the 10X optically stabilized lens -LRB- if you are looking for a telephoto lens , make sure it is OPTICALLY stabilized -RRB- ; the 28 mm wide angle lens -LRB- comes in handy when shooting in close quarters -RRB- ; Panasonic 's Lumix photo processing engine ; the huge 3 '' LCD ; the LCD 's super bright viewing -LRB- which brightens up the image nicely in bright sunlight mostly obviating the necessity for a viewfinder -RRB- ; its over-the-head viewing angle ; the built-in lens protector ; fairly long-lived batteries ; compact size ; its great Leica lens -LRB- among the very top lens makers -RRB- , and many other things.As far as I am concerned , there are no cons.This is a must have for all photographers .
 The camera has an absolutely fabulous Leica lens . First , it is a 10x Zoom . Second , it has a 28mm wide angle at the low end . third it is a fabulously high quality , low distortion lens ! Image stabilization makes it all work.The camera is easy to use . It has more than adequate resolution for 99 % of the photographers using a non SLR camera ! 3 inch LCD is clear , bright and very NICE ! Battery is small and inexpensive . Camera has a solid `` feel '' . Absolutely love it !
 I 'm about to go to Iraq and I wanted a Point and Shoot Camera to take some photos to send home and also a camera that would shoot decent video so I could post on you tube or something . After a lot of reviews I chose this Panasonic.Pros :3 Inch Display - I do n't have time to squint and hope I 'm getting the right shot . Its clear , and BIG .7.2 MP - Unless your a pro you wont need much more than 7.2 MP , every shot I take looks gorgeous . Full of Detail .10 X zoom - I chose this camera over the other panasonic choices because of the 10X zoom instead of 6X . It blew me away with how close I could zoom into my subjects . the Image stability helps a lot when zoomed in that far too.Cons-The only problem I 've had is the shutter was n't opening fully after the first week of use . After turning it on and off a lot and manually flicking it , it fell in line and I have n't had a problem since.Misc-The weight of this camera is real nice , I hate light stuff , because then it feels fragile and weak . This camera has the perfect amount of weight to it and even with a HUGE 3 inch display , has plenty of battery life .
 I have had this camera for about a month now and love the picture quality , the wide angle and 10x zoom lens . This really is the best in compact cameras . My shots have been in perfect focus and the colors are excellent . My one major complaint is the lack of an optical viewfinder ! I love the big 3 inch LCD but it is still very hard to see what you 're shooting in bright daylight ! The battery is excellent . Why buy a camera that takes regular batteries and then have to pay $ 25 more for rechargables ? I do n't get it ! I also decided to downsize to a compact this time because I never wanted to lug my camera case around and missed many photo opportunities . Now my camera fits right in my purse and has a 10X zoom ! I really do love this camera !
 I was watching this camera during 2 years , waiting for a price drop so i could buy it . I november , price dropped to 220usd and i got it . After 10 days , i left it in my baby 's car , with the lcd screen faced down and ... i got a risk at the center of the screen ! : - -LRB- The lcd is raised , so it is very easily scratched.Besides this , the camera is perfect .
 This camera is everything I expected and more . The 10 optical is amazing . I went to Hawaii on the 4th of July and I was able to capture the fireworks from across the water and the city as if I were right in the midst . I love it and you would n't be disappointed if you purchased it either . The battery life is great . If you planning to use the record feature , you 'd better have a large GB memory card though .
 The TZ3 is a great all-around point and shoot camera . The 10x Leica lens is very versatile . The big screen is easy to see in most conditions and the controls are very easy to use . Overall picture quality is excellent and the image stabilization does it job well . It 's only drawback is low light , high ISO , pictures . The 3200 ASA setting produces very grainy images with blurred out details . On the other hand , daylight and flash pictures are beautiful . I like the vivid setting which gives rich vibrant color . I also like the 16:9 widescreen setting which looks great on my widescreen LCD . To sum it up , this is a great camera for travel due to it 's good picture quality , versatile lens and ease of use .
 This was my second TZ Panasonic camera purchase . Since they both are good , it is difficult to rate one better than the other , but my new TZ3S does topthe TZ1S . Its great 10X wide-angle lens allows me to take interior shotsthat the TZ1 does n't and it is even easier to set up for bad lighting conditions.As the late Roger Dangerfield would say , `` I do n't get no respect '' - well thePanasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3 camera definitely should get its due respect .
 I have had this camera for a few weeks now . This is my second Panasonic DMC series . During last five years i have also owned Sony , Fuji , Canon , Kodak , and Nikon digital cameras . The picture quality is good in day light . Night time / low light photos can be noisy . It is more noisier at 400ISO than my Nikon D80 is at 1600 ISO . However this is something common with most of the small digital cameras , and you cant compare a DSLR to a point and shoot.I do have the Nikon D80 for my vacations , however i needed a small camera to take around with me on a day to day basis . This panasonic fits the bill . I do like the 28 mm , the 10X zoom , and the optical IS . The construction is good , doesnt feel cheap / plasticky like Canon A570IS , which i had for a few days . I do miss the ability to select shutter speeds / aperture settings . One can use the various default scene modes to compensate for the shutter / aperture settings . . I couldnt give it a 5 star , owing to the poor low light pics and missing shutter speed control ... overall a good camera !
 We did a lot of research to find a small camera with a good zoom and good features . The zoom being 10X is the best part of the camera . There are also several shooting modes to choose from for what/where you are shooting . The image stabilization is also a major plus and we can see a major difference . The images do n't seem to be great all the time and especially in the dark I think that my Canon A95 was better in quality . All in all , I think for this size camera and the features that it offers , it 's about the best you can find .
 Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3S 7.2 MP Digital Camera with 10x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Silver -RRB- Have had camera for a few weeks , but am impressed with sharpness of photo 's . Camera is small and light enough to fit in chest pocket and is easy to use . The 10X optical zoom -LRB- 28-280 mm -RRB- is more than enough for the use I make of this camera . I had been using a large digital camera , but it was to cumbersome for cruises and land excursions . Great camera for us snap shot and postcard picture takers .
 I debated on purchasing this camera for a long time . I have an SLR and it does take great pics , but I wanted something smaller . This camera takes pictures that are just as good as the SLR . The camera is very small , it fits in my purse and is really well built . I have had this camera for 1 month and wish that I had purchased it sooner ! The mega zoom and huge LCD preview screen are amazing . If you are debating on purchasing this camera , do n't waste anymore time ... BUY IT !
 Absolutely excellent camera . Very easy to use , particularly because of the rotation button for different settings on the top of the camera . Very good battery life . Display is excellent , even with direct sunlight hitting it . Very light and compact . I have really enjoyed using it and found it easy to get to know .
 I bought this for my wife , and when we got it , we were amazed at the ridiculous amount of settings we found for picture quality . I mean , there 's even a lighting setting for taking pictures of Food.The image quality is great ! And the 10x optical zoom comes in handy.My only wish would be that you could zoom or focus when using the video recording .
 This is the second DMC-TZ3S I purchased this year - first one was for my parents and I finally bought one for myself.Pros : - love wide-angle lens -LRB- group photos , rooms , buildings ! -RRB- - love 10x zoom - like optical image stabilization - easy to use - relatively compact given 10x zoom - it has rechargeable batteryCons : - colors can come out cold -LRB- I am pretty sure I can adjust the setting though - but I did not bother to do it yet -RRB- - can be slow when optical image stabilization is used -LRB- made me miss couple of great baby photos , but it made 1000s of the good ones - so I am not really complaining about it -RRB- . - it has rechargeable battery -LRB- can be both great and bad if you forget the charger -RRB- . - does not handle dropping very well -LRB- broke when my dad dropped it at a wedding , but it can be expected -RRB- . There may be better cameras out there , but this one works for me . Overall , I am very happy with it .
 When a friend recommended the Lumix DMC-TZ3K , we purchased it , and after using it , purchased one for each of our three adult sons and their families . We all are very pleased with the ease of use , and fine quality of photos we get .
 This is a great P&S camera , small enough to fit in your pocket but still has 7 Mpixel resolution . I find I 'm carrying it with me everywhere and photographing things daily . The movie mode is smooth and clear , but the sound is pretty horrible .
 I have to get on the bandwagon here . This is a superb little camera , definately five stars ! I also have the TZ1 , which showed promise , but has limitations . In my review of the TZ1 , I noted it had lots of `` noise '' and pictures should n't be printed much beyond 4x6 inches if they were to be sharp . I also wanted more manual controls.The TZ3 fixes and improves almost everything about the TZ1 and adds some new , very useful features . The noise has been drastically reduced , the lens is better , the sensor is bigger , and the processor is not only faster , but produces better pictures . The TZ3 adds a very handy `` function '' button - or I should say function capability - the number of buttons is the same - which gives immediate access to five or so `` most used '' settings without having to go into the menues - of which there are several.The TZ3 keeps the Mega Optical Image Stabilization and adds Intelligent ISO , increases the sensitivity without adding noise , -LRB- I have not tried the 3200 setting yet . -RRB- , increases the size of the viewing screen , etc. , etc.The TZ3 is a `` well-rounded , '' and very capable camera . There is simply no comparison between the TZ1 and the TZ3 as far as the quality of the pictures . The TZ3 wins hands down . In my opinion it also beats some big name , higher priced digicams - a couple of which I own - rather handily.Of course , the big selling point for the TZ3 is still the 10X lens - now with wide angle capability - on a pocket-sized point and shoot camera . This lens is SHARP , and combined with larger sensor and the new processor yields some excellent results.While there are no manual controls , per se , the camera seems to do very well without them . Pictures are sharp , exposures seem nicely done -LRB- have n't tried it at night yet , but low light forrest shots were excellent -RRB- , colors were accurate , appropriately saturated , and vivid -LRB- OK . I like the vivid setting . -RRB- , good contrast , etc. . There are a variety of AF settings , settable focal points , and focus modes . There is also exposure compensation , and exposure bracketing available - and they work well ! The live histogram is a welcome bonus . The TZ3 focuses down to about 2 inches in macro mode - again with excellent , sharp results . The TZ3 is very well speced out.One nice thing that is gone is the lens cap on the TZ1 . It was really not to inconvenient , but seemed always to be swinging in the wind to add yet another source of camera shake . The TZ3 lens includes an built in lens cover . Very welcome.I currently own five top flight digicams -LRB- including this one -RRB- , and have owned about that many others , I am most impressed with this one - for combined convenience and results . It is a quantum step forward.I also have a couple of quite nice , and fairly complete DSLR kits . They are wonderful , and in a class by themselves , but when I want very nice pictures and the convenience of a pocketable point and shoot with a 10X , wide angle lens , or a back up for the DSLRs , the TZ3 is now my camera of choice .
 Let me start with my credentials
 Panasonic has taken the original TZ1 and made it even better . There 's not much missing from this camera . 28mm wide angle lens . 10X optical zoom . 3 '' high resolution screen , excellent Image Stabilization , etc. . All this in a fairly compact camera . Panasonic has also improved the `` noise '' on higher ISO 's . Low light performance is better than on previous Panasonic models . The most important this is , the camera takes great pictures . Panasonic did take one step back in video mode on the TZ3 . Unlike on the TZ1 , you can not `` zoom '' while taking video . You can zoom before you start taking the video . This does n't bother me , but some people find it important . Overall , this is the best compact camera I 've ever owned.Edit 01/30/2008
 I spent weeks researching cameras and had narrowed my search down to the Canon 800IS , Fujifilm fx31 and this Panasonic Lumix TZ3 . I needed a camera that can give me decent low light photos and good movie capture . I was skeptical of the panasonic brand at first but their feature set and decent price won me over . I 've been using my TZ3 for a month now and I 'm extremely happy with it.Here 's an example why ... I was in the 30th row at red rocks amphitheatre and was able to zoom in 10x to take close ups of members of the band I was seeing . No way could I pull that off with a 3x or 4x zoom . The high sensitivity ISO -LRB- 3200 -RRB- does serve a purpose , despite what critics say . It let me capture these musicians lit up very well in just the stage lights - there is some noise in those shots but its not noticeable in a 4x6 photo . The Fujifilm has been cited for its excellent low light capabilities but its lack of other features left me unexcited about its overall package . Now I know most folks do n't buy a camera for concert photos but that 's what I was looking for and the TZ3 did n't let me down.I also picked up a 4GB memory card and I loved being able to take 30fps movies during our last family vacation . I 'll never lug my videocamera around again . This baby will film excellent resolution movies for almost 1.5 hours with that memory.The image stabilization seems to work well although I have n't really tested photos without it on . I just leave it on the second mode which offers more effective stabilization and I do n't have to think about it . I used to get blurry pics once in a while with my old Canon S40 but have n't had a one with this Panasonic.The numerous scene modes are also handy . Canon offers a handful but Panasonic gives you several more and even offers in-menu descriptions to remind you when to use a particular scene mode . Better than referring to a owner 's manual . For new parents , the two baby shot modes even let you set up a scene that displays the age of up to 2 children on the picture so you can track their growth over time.The picture quality has been excellent . You need to learn how to pick the right settings on some lower light or fast moving picture opportunities but for 90 % of your shots , the point and shoot quality of the intelligent ISO mode is excellent.The wide angle lens is great . It gives you more room to compose your shots and I do n't know if I could go back to a simple 35mm again . The Canon 800IS is the only other compact that offers the wide angle . But Panasonic 's 10x zoom sealed the deal for me . The zoom works quickly and lets you take shots you would n't normally take . You can also record in 3:2 ratio which is conducive to widescreens movie playback as well as 4x6 photo sizes.I 've used the included arcsoft software with an older Canon camera but have since migrated to google 's picasa and have n't looked back . The photo-stitch functionality for creating panoramic images from multiple frames was a fun toy for a little while but for 99 % of your photos , all you 're doing is uploading to a repository , fixing a handful of the really good ones and that 's it . Picasa is extremely simple to accomplish this and a great image management tool.I also like the battery meter on this camera . I 've yet to run out of juice because it tells me when I 'm running low and recharge over night for the next day . Canons do n't have a visible battery meter.I could go on further about lots of little features which make this an extremely useful and portable companion . If you 're reading this and am torn between this and something from the Canon line , be assured you wo n't be sorry with this one . It simply offers more bang for your buck and you wo n't be compromising much of anything . I 'm looking forward to years of service from this little marvel .
 I normally shoot with a DSLR , but wanted a small camera , with a decent zoom that I could slip in a pocket or put on a belt pouch to carry around with me all the time . This camera is the only one in the market that fitted my needs , and I am really happy with it . I give it half a star short of the full rating only because of one or two shortcomings.The construction of this camera is solid , which is what one wants , and I do n't understand some of the criticism about it being a tad too large or heavy . A 10x lens needs to be wel supported . The fantastic lens is the best thing about this camera . It is equivalent to a 28mm wide angle which is what I need for landscape shots and some professional uses . The 10x zoom covers a wide range of uses , and as promoted , this makes for a great travel camera . The macro capabilities are also great . I found battery life to be pretty good , the secret being to switch the camera off when not actally shooting . Some of the critcism about the low light capabilities is correct , but I find the problems associated with this camera to be no worse than other cameras that I have tried . Even my DSLR gives me grief in low light.Negative comments on the image quality in other reviews seem a little exaggerated . The color rendition in this camera is very natural . The image processing engine IS too agressive and the images tend to be on the soft side , which is a bit silly when you have this great Leica lens . It 's not a problem with small prints but you 'll notice it on larger prints on less contrasty subjects . The information seems to be there , however , as they are easily sharpened up using Photoshop -LRB- or even using Preview on my Mac -RRB- . Since I post-process all my photos , this is not a problem for me . I do n't shoot video on this camera -LRB- that 's what Camcorders are for -RRB- so I can not comment on the microphone quality.Drawbacks
 Every digital camera seems to have one or two items that need improvement . I have discovered this camera 's flaws now . This is an edited version of a previous review now that I have had more time with the camera.I was a pro photographer at one time in my life , before the big transition to digital , so I still look for many pro features now that I have made the transition . As a setting for this review I will note what I own and how I shoot.SHOOTING STYLE
 I owned the first generation DMC-TZ1 . The DMC-TZ3 has some welcome improvements ; wider angle , automatic lens cover , maybe 25 % faster shot-to-shot . In particular , the wider angle is a really useful feature.The camera 's strength is in its versatile , daylight shooting . It does best with lots of light . Indoors , the flash coverage is just ok . Shot-to-shot flash recycle time is sometimes a pokey 4 seconds . Digital picture noise is noticeable with lesser light.Setup Tips :1 . Use 3x2 ratio if you primarily print 6x4 photos .2 . Use vivid mode as normal mode looks washed out.Update
 First , I 'm very picky . I carry a camera in my pocket at all times . I 've been using a Canon SD400 for 2 years and an SD110 for 4 years before that . I got tired of waiting for Canon to add more zoom since 3x is not that useful . Well , the wait is over and I 've left Canon . I was n't sure but I got a 30-day money-back guarantee so I figured why not . Trust me it 's not going back.This camera has 10x optical zoom plus optical image stabilization . It has wonderful clarity and lots of controls and scene modes . Macro and movie modes are very important to me . I like to take macro shots and I 've used my camera in place of a video camera for years . The macro mode is great and the movie mode is excellent . I can do a 10x zoom and get great clips . One issue is you ca n't zoom while shooting movies . Canon does let you zoom while shooting movies , but their picture quality goes down hill.Another key for me is size . I carry a camera in my pocket all the time so size is important . While the TZ3 is a bit larger than the Canon SD line it still fits nicely.This camera starts with a 28mm wide-angle lens too . This extends my creative range . The Leica lens has great clarity too . The Lithium battery lasts a good long time and the camera has a battery meter so you can see how you are doing . With my Canon I never knew until the red battery warning light went on.One complaint is that the controls are almost perfect , but not quite . I am a serious amatuer photographer and I like control . The camera has a fast setting change mode but one control is missing from that menu - exposure mode . To go from center-spot exposure , to average , or to center weighted you have to bring up the main settings menu and the setting is buried in the middle . Oh , well . Not a huge issue.It has a nice exposure bracket feature that 's easy to set when you 're not sure what exposure would be best.The 3 inch screen is amazingly clear and the camera has a ` bright ' mode which really helps in bright sun.Tips
 If only the Lumix TZ3 had the instant reactions of a much more expensive Nikon or Canon DSLR , it would be the perfect pocket camera , a worthy successor to the Leica M3 , M4 or M6 . As it is , the TZ3 comes really close to being the perfect digital pocket camera.The lens is the biggest part of the story
 I jumped into digital photography way before it was cool , spent far to much money , and soon after bought a nice 35mm slr and a scanner . I refused to spend more money on new digital until I could pack nearly all of the quality features of my slr into a small carryable digital . Sure the TZ3 does not have manual mode but as many times as I actually use manual mode I figure I do n't need it . How many times do Hummer drivers actualy take them off road any way ? Dont get me started -LRB-
 Alot of different features , but love the zoom on this , takes some time to read through the manual to learn everything but worth it .
 Ok , the only bad thing I have to say about this camera is the size . While smaller than the TZ1 it 's still bulky . That 's it !!! This is an awesome all around camera , and for long zoom in a point and shoot , it 's the best . Yes , SONY just release a 10x zoom in a compact , but I have had this one for a year now . So far , these 2 are it as far as I know . Perspective
 I am going to keep this short and sweet . I did a lot of research on camera 's before this purchase and decided on this one mostly because of the 10X optical zoom . So far I am super pleased with this camera and very glad I bought it . I would recommend it to a friend ! The only negative I am experienced and I do n't know if its a feature on other cameras . Is when you are doing a video you ca n't zoom in or out , it stays on the zoom you were on when you clicked the record button . But not enough of a big deal for me . I love this camera !
 This is the best camera out there for the money . The screen is nice and big so it 's easy for the 40 year old eye to see ! The camera is easy to use and takes beautiful pictures . The 10x zoom is a rare find in this price range . Love it !
 I am very pleased with this camera . The quality of the pictures is excellent . I am especially impressed with the optical zoom . Even when fully zoomed in -LRB- 10X -RRB- , the resolution is amazing . The various modes -LRB- portrait , scenery , night scenery , sports , etc -RRB- are super helpful - takes the guess work out of manually choosing the right settings for various occasions . Overall , it 's very easy to use . I have gotten numerous compliments on this camera because of the great pictures it takes .
 I had to buy a camera fast so did n't have much research time . Followed a link to this camera thru another product and bought it mainly beacause of the reviews . It 's difficult to find a small camera with a zoom bigger than 4x optical so I was really happy to see this one . After using it constantly this past month while travelling , I 'm really happy with it . It 's not tiny but its certainly small enough . It is a little heavier than other cameras its size but do n't let that put you off . It looks great -LRB- I got the black -RRB- and it takes fantastic photos . I 'm a complete amateur and I 've taken some really nice photos with it.The zoom , my main reason for buying this camera , has not let me down . It 's really amazing . There are great settings on the camera for sunset , pets , kida , portraits and lots more . I could n't say one bad thing about this camera . I absolutley love it . Still playing around with the settings keeping myself entertained . If you are thinking of buying this camera , go for it ! You 'll be well happy with it .
 Got tired of the 2x zoom on my Canon `` Sure Shot '' and was always looking for a good high optical zoom camera . This one came to my attention in an ad from a local shop . Jumped on Amazon and there it was for $ 65 less ! Using on a ` medium ' setting . The 2 meg ` high speed ' San Disc card shows a capacity of about 2500 pics . Little shutter delay , which was a problem with the older Canon . It is not only a great ` zoom ' camera but also a mild wide angle . The huge digital display is great and easy to use in sunlite . As on all Amazon orders , shipping was fast and camera was in great shape
 Pros.Small form factor10x optical zoom28mm wide angle7 mpmenus intuitive.simple mode for my son -LRB- 7years -RRB- Cons.formats high capacity -LRB- 8gb -RRB- cards with format unreadable by standard card readers . must use data cable to access.zoom during video can not be changed .
 I purchased this camera on the recommendation of a camera store sales associate . I have only had it a few weeks , but so far it has met all of my expectations . I love the 10x optical zoom and the picture quality is fantastic . I find that it has a quick response time and the menus have been fairly easy to navigate . There are reviews from more avid camera enthusiasts out there , but from a mother of a 14 month old who takes lots of pictures and has enjoyed dabbling with photography for several years , this has been a great camera so far .
 we bought this camera with the express purpose to take distance photos using the incredible zoom of the camera . What we obtained during our trip were fantastic shots of distant objects . for long distance shots the camera was perfect and performed as I expected . Evening shots were not as good as the day shots and in general I found the picture quality to be inferior to my Fuji F31 .
 Panasonic has quite a digital camera in the TZ3 . There 's not much missing from this camera - love the 28mm wide angle lens that zooms to 10X . The 3 '' LCD screen has excellent IS/Image Stabilization . I have been looking for all the features in a fairly compact camera . Love the `` clicking '' sound produced when you push the shutter release button . This camera takes great pictures . Have n't tried the video mode as yet . Overall , this is really the best compact camera I 've owned . It does so much in such a small format .
 This camera is sleek , has a large viewing screen , takes beautiful pics and is easy to operate . I 'm very happy with my choice now that I finally went digital . I had been putting off buying a digital camera because I thought to buy a good one , I would have to spend a fortune . The $ $ $ I paid here at Amazon was the best price also and not nearly as much as I expected for the quality .
 I just received the DMC-TZ3A . I love this camera . This is my first camera ever . I love the features , build quality , and menu system . I am still getting used to learning how to take quality pictures . For example , I have trouble getting it to focus at times . I am certain this is just the learning curve for me . One feature I am disappointed that it lacks is - auto retraction of the lens when in playback mode . Most other cameras automatically retract the lens to protect it when viewing pictures from the camera . This one does not do this and you have to turn the camera off to get it to retract . I really wish they would update the firmware to support this important safety feature . All-in-all I definitely recommend this camera !
 Boland 's 1 start review contains some rather strong statements that are not fair or necessarily factual . He makes a fuss about needing a wide angle lens - well , Mr. Boland , this has a 28mm lens just like your Nikon P50 . As far as the battery is concerned , having a rechargeable small battery might be better to many of us than having to buy disposable and large AA batteries . The camera would be bigger if it used AA batteries . It would be more expensive to use on an ongoing basis . Yes , it has no optical viewfinder which I find annoying as well but very few P&S cameras do nowadays .
 I bought this camera as a carry every where camera . The distortion free wide angle is what really sold me . The lens is incredible ! The opitical stabilization works very well . The 3 inch LCD is nice . I do however prefer the LCDs on Casio cameras for use in bright sun . I like the size and feel of the camera , too . There are a few minuses . First is the noise at ISO settings above 200 . I have used ISO 400 when I absolutely had to , but the quality is not as good as photos shot at ISO 100 and 200 . The noise issue is not a problem with Panasonic cameras only . Virtually every brand I looked at has noise issues . This is why I will never buy a point and shoot digital with higher resolution than the TZ-3 . The other `` problem '' I have with the TZ-3 is the lack of manual controls . All in all , the TZ-3 is worth every penny I paid for it . It is very simple to use and has a quality feel to it . Again , I ca n't say enough about the lens - it is superb . I highly recommend this camera .
 I 'm loving this camera . Although it 's a little heavier than my Nikon coolpix 5900 , it is way better in the amount of time lag between shots . It feels like a much better made product also . Have n't had the time to explore and try all the capabilities yet , but so far I 'm one happy camper !
 This camera is perfect if you want lots of features in a small package . The 10X zoom is particularly helpful as well as the relatively wide-angle lens -LRB- equivalent to 28mm on a 35mm camera -RRB- . It 's easy to use , the large screen is great , especially for `` older '' eyes ! The fact that the lens is made by Leica is a real plus . So far , there are no negatives - and I expect that not to change .
 I think the DMC-TZ3 is a great camera , I just buy it and get into my vacations on the beach so I had immediately the opportunity to test it and I was really happy with the quality of the pictures.The only disappointed I have with this camera was that even the specification said the camera has a wide range of speed and apertures , the selection of them is merely automatic with just some options to customize it . The camera has 21 preloaded settings -LRB- from portrait to air picture -RRB- that let you play a little bit with the camera , but if you are looking for something more customizable I will recommend you another option.Anyway it has a lot of very nice options and as I said the quality of pictures is excellent . I get really surprised with the 28 mm equiv lens and I love the way my landscapes pictures look .
 Our old digital camera needed replacing -LRB- okay , my wife dropped it on the concrete driveway -RRB- . We 'd bought our old camera back when 1.2 megapixel was a big deal!So we did a LOT of research , went to all the camera review sites , and even asking a professional photographer friend what he would recommend for a consumer point and shoot digital . Although initially it seemed hard to differentiate between cameras with similar features in our price range
 This is a great camera . I 've been waiting a couple of years for the price to come down and now it has . I love the zoom on it . You can really get close to subject without having to move . Everyone I showed it to loves it . Great camera for the price ...
 Excellent purchase , the product arrived in good condition , communication with the shop was permanent . I recommend 100 % to the store . The camera is spectacular Lumix
 We 've only had the camera a couple weeks , but have used it for two graduations and so far we like it . The one problem was that it did n't automatically adjust for low light in large indoor areas where the flash was n't effective . I 'm sure there is a setting for that , we just have n't figured that out yet .
 I was looking to buy a digital camera to replace my SLR but was short on funds . I needed a camera that had very good telephoto capabilities and would also allow me to take clear , sharp close up shots . From reading reviews the Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3 seemed to fill my needs and was reasonably priced . The reviews were excellent for this product and I was therefore confident with my purchase from Amazon.com.I am from the United Kingdom and am currently here in Tucson , Arizona spending a few months with my wife who lives here . I was able to get the 'S ' version -LRB- silver finish -RRB- for around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- cheaper than I would have been able to on Amazon.UK , so I was really pleased.The camera arrived on time and I am delighted with it and have used it for taking a variety of shots in and around Tucson.I would recommend this camera to anyone . The zoom is excellent and the image stabilisation works a treat.I will need to get an adaptor when I get home that will allow me to charge the battery through UK mains , but that should n't be a problem .
 It 's a great digital camera w / AWESOME zoom . The screen on the back is big . Lot 's of great features . I do n't like that it 's a tad on the heavy side and that you ca n't zoom in & out when you are recording a video but other than that it 's a great camera . It 's nice that it comes w / a battery charger too . I got tired of buying cameras that ate up my AA batteries . I recommend this baby .
 This is a great camera . It is not so big that you ca n't put it in your pocket , yet it has a fantastic LCD screen and the 10X optical zoom is great . The photo quality is superb , and the features are easy to use and intuitive . Highly recomended .
 I originally ordered this camera for its optical zoom and wide angle range , but the large screen , small frame , and light weight were all great bonuses . There are other great perks that I discovered while playing with the camera
 I bought four TZ-3 's and three TZ-5 's as presents after much DD . While they may not be an ultra-compact size , considering the features and quality you are better off moving up in size as an ultra-compact just ca n't compete with the TZ series camera . I recommend the TZ-5 over the TZ-3 however , you will be satisfied with either . Panasonic Lumix is definitely setting the pace for small cameras with large optical zoom . For point and shoot enthusiasts , you will not be disappointed ! Also , buy the Transcend 8gb SDHC card , an 1100mAH extra battery and a small Kodack graphite camera bag and you will be ready to roll .
 My husband I made a quick pic purchase based upon some customer reviews and industry ratings . Everyone was on point . This camera can be a simple , yet effective point and shoot for a true novice but it also has a variety of settings that are fun to play with . We had a lot of fun while in the Dominican Republic using the sports setting to try and catch motorcycle taxis zooming by . We also got great vibrant photos of many beautiful flowers and the wide angle lens allowed us some gorgeous shots of the oceanside and beach . The water looks almost as blue in our photos as it was in real life . The only downside that we 've experienced so far , is that when we go to upload new photos to our computer it automatically pulls all of them , which can take a long time if you have many photos stored . However , there may be a simple fix for this that we have not uncovered because neither one of us have bothered much with the manual : -RRB-
 This is the second Panasonic camera I have purchased -LRB- the first being a DMC-F1 -RRB- , and I am very pleased.At the $ 200 price point , this camera is an EXCELLENT value . I would recommend it over the TZ5K that just came out , I just do n't think the improvements make up for the additional cost.This is not an ultra-portable camera , but still fits very nicely in a coat pocket , or in jeans pockets if you are wearing a relaxed fit . However , you wo n't find a camera with a 10x zoom that is any smaller.Many people have criticized this camera for producing a lot of noise with image stabilization on . This has n't really been a problem for a casual photographer like myself.The zoom is wonderful , and I think you 'll find yourself wondering how you lived 3x zoom cameras before this . I do.The only drawback is that I feel that the shutter could break -LRB- it looks pretty weak -RRB- . I 've read other reviews complaining about this , so I 'm being extra careful with mine.Otherwise ... great camera ... pick one up today .
 Without going into a lot of technical details , this is a fantastic pocket-size camera with enough features and adjustability to satisfy anyone who is less than a professional photographer . Like any product , there are a few photo situations that could be better but not enough to rate this camera as anything less than outstanding ... particularly for the cost .
 I 've had this camera for over a month now and have been nothing but happy with it . I had seen this camera at both Circuit City and Best Buy and without prompting the sales people to give me their opinion on this particular camera , at both stores the sales person pointed out this camera and highly recommended it . Easy to use and great quality pictures . The 10X zoom lens is great while still being a compact size .
 This sucker has all the options you could want and more ! It also does burst photo taking , and I find that useful . It is compatible with the newest , fastest , and largest SDHC cards . Nice large screen , easy to hold on to , and easy to use . A + !
 I spent a great deal of time searching for a camera that would do what I wanted and eventually ended up looking at the Lumix . On checking the quality of the pictures and clarity of the screen there was no comparison with any other camera under around $ 600 . High megapixel ratings become pretty well irrelevant after a certain level . What I wanted were high standard pictures , a large viewscreen and clear accurate directions on the screen . I carve small , intricate netsuke out of wood and recycled 80 year old ivory and these have been almost impossible to photograph , even with some very expensive cameras . With the intelligent ISO and anti-shake this is a doddle . The results are stunning . I bought a spare battery with the camera but have n't noticed that I have to change batteries all that often . The other big plus about this camera is the amazing zoom . I have even tried taking it to its limit with the digital zoom , giving a remarkable 60 times at 3MP and the quality is surprisingly good . Makes quite a reasonable telescope!I have no reservations about recommending this camera to anyone who is looking for quality pictures and ease of use . Well done Panasonic .
 We purchased this camera before a vacation trip . We were interested in good zoom capabilities plus being able to carry the camera in a pocket . It has thus far performed very well in all types of settings and lighting conditions . The scene settings are fun to use . We 've only had the camera for 6 weeks so our impressions are still forming .
 This camera takes GREAT pictures , and the video quality is outstanding . The huge 3 '' display is awesomely crisp , clear and easy on the eyes , and the menus are really easy to read and understand . Simple to use , killer zoom lens , image stabilizer does a fantastic job compensating for my sometimes shakey hands -LRB- !!! -RRB- , this is by far the best digital camera I 've ever owned , and is lightyears ahead of my old Sony Cybershot DSC-P73 , which produced fuzzy , shakey shots 8 out of 10 times .
 Very versatile and a surprise in capability . Photographed a stop sign a blockaway and it was pretty sharp on a blowup to 11x14 . The Leica lens issharp and the other features give one a wide scope . Another example the use of selected time exposures from 15 seconds to 60 seconds . A gold medal to Panasonic
 I 've had 6-8 consumer and pro digital cameras and this one rates a solid 10 . I sometimes use this for my fashion shoots rather than my Nikon or Olympus . I carry it with me wherever I go.Great for family photos too .
 Had been looking at this camera for some time , comparing with others . I made the right choice by buying this one . The 10X zoom is great and the 3 '' LCD screen makes taking pictures easy . Picture quality is outstanding . No complaints whatsoever .
 This is a very quick review since I have only just received this camera . I have been comparing it to several other brands and so far am very pleased with many of its features . I wanted to offer some help out there for anyone like me who is looking for a digital camera that also shoots video that is compatible with iMovie ' 08 . I 'm a mac user and log all my video with iMovie , but so many cameras use video and/or audio compression that iMovie will not recognize . I 'm in the film business , have used Sony , Canon and Casio and am very picky about my cameras , but so far so good with this one ... Pros so far : Great photos outdoors or with decent lighting.Able to shoot 3:2 aspect ratioGreat video and able to shoot in 16x9 modeWorks with iMovie ' 08Decent controlsGreat LCD -LRB- and the ability to use a digital adjustment for high angle shots -RRB- wide 28mm10x zoomCons so far : Low light photos not great , but I have yet to properly play with the right adjustmentsMicrophone quality seems poor so far , very muddled and not crispDoes n't appear to work with standard mini-usb , only Panasonic 's version that came with it -LRB- unless I have n't figured this out yet -RRB-
 After much reading , researching , testing and looking at feedback and reviews from other Amazon buyers -LRB- Thanks John Mc Quitty of Texas for your helpful tips -RRB- I finally decided to trade in my Powershot S80 for the Lumix TZ3 instead of the Canon G7 , and I have to say that I have absolutely no regrets . The zoom and the 28mm wide angle was the decision maker for me . Where else can you find such a powerful lens on a camera that fits in yer pocket ? The TZ3 is the only game in town . The operation is simple , and most importantly the photos are very , very good . If you do n't want to fuss with manual settings and spend a long time learning how to them , and want an easy to use out of the box camera with some very fine features then I would highly recommend the TZ3 . It is the ideal travelers camera !
 Told the clerk I wanted : Good zoom -LRB- 10x ! -RRB- , wide angle , burst shots , image stabilization , low light capability , ... and for under $ 300 . Retail is $ 349 , but Amazon had $ 299 + free 1gig SD card.Just returned from vacation and downloaded my pix -- they are beautiful ! The zoom pix are very clear . My low light/image stabilization needs some work -- or better yet a tripod , but the capability is there.Intelligent ISO setting became my standard . Lots of other settings , so I do n't have to think about what I would do with manual settings.Long battery life , and I bought a back-up for about $ 30 and just kept the spare with me and recharged overnight . Convenient charger included with camera.The included viewing software seems strange ; I 'm using Picasso from Google.This is a terrific camera that does what it should do-take beautiful pictures in various settings . Of course , with the Greek Isles and Egyptian pyramids for subjects , everything looks special !
 This is my first digital camera , although I borrowed a Nikon Coolpix for vacation last summer . While I will probably also buy a D-SLR compatible with my collection of Nikon lenses for serious photography , this is a super little camera to use every day and when you do n't want to haul around a lot of heavy equipment . It fits neatly in my purse and hand , it has a solid feel -LRB- yes , it 's heavier than some others , but I find that reassuring -RRB- , the controls are logical , the zoom is great , and the picture quality is quite good . The screen is also large and relatively easy to read except in very bright direct sun , especially compared to the Nikon . As with any other camera , you have to experiment a bit to find what settings work best . In the week that I 've had it , I 've taken pictures of buildings , children , flowers , pets , and scenery and been pleased with my results . One interesting result of the experimentation
 A professional photographer told me about this camera . I 've had it three weeks and it 's superb in every way . I also have a Nikon SLR system - as a comparison .
 I used SONY 's every cybershot camera 's -LRB- T30 , T50 etc. -RRB- This camera is nothing compare with others ... best of the Best and state of the art , believe me , I 've been there . you wont be disappoint
 We are still getting to know this camera , but everything we have tried has turned out beautifully . It 's easy to use and even the night shots have been fantastic . We love the big LCD-it makes setting up and viewing pictures so easy-no squinting ! We almost bought a different camera and we 're really glad we chose this one .
 Good
 Was looking for a great ` point and shoot ' that did n't have huge lag times between the time you saw the shot and the time it actually captured it . This does the job . It even has a video piece . We just got a new Mac for Christmas and the photos from this camera are wonderful on it . Still do n't know why silver was $ 5 more than black , but I wanted silver so I got it . Very happy with the camera .
 I am comparing this to Canon SD series . Its zoom is definitely the best feature . Like many other cameras , its daylight pictures are excellent . I tested the zoom and was WOWed by the range of the zoom and quality . Zoom is great but if you go too zoom happy then you get grain on your pictures.Contrast is a little off to start with ... that would need some adjustment like any other new camera . In some pictures faces felt like someone used a smudge tool in photoshop because picture were not sharp at all but I am trying to figure out if it was cause by a user error.I was hoping that indoor and night time pictures result would be as good as canon , but that is not the case . Camera was slow while I took night time pictures . I will get high speed memory card and play with flash and light settings and hopefully result is better then what it is right now.Overall , I like this camera . Best features are 1 -RRB- Zoom range with image stabilizer 2 -RRB- screen size 3 -RRB- battery life 4 -RRB- ease of useVideo is good quality but hard to change its settings . You have to set the zoom before you start taking a video because you ca n't zoom in or out once you start the video capture.I would give it 5 starts but night time pictures and speed kept it from getting five stars .
 I bought this just ahead of a trip to South America . Performed beautifully on our vacation . Image stabilization is amazing , even longer telephoto shots are sharp . Colors are accurate , tried many of the special features with good results .
 I have used this camera for two vacations and many back yard pictures and am quite impressed with it 's capabilities ! It was a little hard to get used to because it has more complicated settings than our previous Kodak digital camera , but I do love the 10-power zoom and high quality images ! The 10-power zoom is especially helpful in capturing wildlife shots that will amaze your friends !
 This camera is a great point and shoot . It replaced a camera purchased from somewhere else and returned due to no battery life . This has great battery life and takes fantastic pictures . I 'm a little challenged with all the settings ... but . . that 's my fault and the reason for the 4 star rating instead of 5 .
 This camera is really fantastic . I have owned a Sony point and shoot and an Olympus . The Sony was horrible and after a year I decided to buy a new camera and found this one.This camera is incredibly advanced for such a small package . You can use it without ever fiddling with a setting and get great results . It also has some great advanced features if you like to play around with things like exposure compensation or ISO there is that option as well . You can adjust the color -LRB- cool , warm , natural , etc -RRB- , the shutter speed , and the ISO sensitivity . There is a great continuous auto focus for moving subjects , 3 different metering modes , various focus modes -LRB- 9 point , 3 point etc -RRB- and a great auto bracket mode where it will automatically take 3 pictures at 3 different exposures . There is also a continuous burst mode that allows you to take multiple pictures at 3 frames/second . Not to mention the 10X zoom is fantastic for such a small camera . The lens is also an excellent Leica 35mm film camera equivalent of 28-280mm / f3 .3 to f4 .9 . If you read all the reviews , you will see the negatives . It is true , at low light situations with the automatic setting it does n't do well . You can play around with some of the adjustments and get a decent picture , but sometimes that is n't useful since by the time you make the ajustments the picture may be gone ! Not to mention , if it is truly low light it can be hard to see the screen to make the necessary adjustments ... Overall I have to agree with most of the other reviewers and give this product 5 stars based on my experience with the other point and shoots I have owned .
 I researched digital cameras on Consumer Reports and they rated this Panasonic Lumix very high . It takes great photos , has a huge screen , takes very good video , and is easy to use . I can use the quick shot feature to take a picture without the fuss . Or customize my shot with all the extra features .
 Great ! So good , I bought one for my wife . Easy to use , great photos , good weight to hold , good zoom - a real `` WOW ! '' .
 What a great little camera . I love shopping with Amazon . The reviews helped me decide which camera to buy . Thank you everyone . I 'm very happy with the ease of use and the quality of the pictures .
 I bought this from Amazon 's own refurb department for quite a good deal . The only blemish was a scratch running down the left-hand side of the lcd glass which is completely invisible when the camera is on and the screen is lit . Other than that there is no way to tell this was n't completely new.The camera itself is the best point-and-shoot I have seen . It is a little on the heavy and bulky side so if size and weight are your main consideration for buying a camera then pass this by . But it is so heavy and bulky because of the amazing lens
 We purchased this camera for a tour to Europe . It was absolutely wonderful ! I love the fact that when reviewing photos you can zoom in on the screen . Also , the actual pictures and functions were great . The only thing I 'd recommend is if you are going to be taking pictures all day long like we were , buy an extra battery because it died on us some of the days we were sightseeing all day long.Otherwise it was awesome !
 You may find the interface non-sophisticated and downright dumb . But you will come to love this piece of superb machinery once you 've played with it a little . Excellent picture results , topped with a 10x optical zoom . I wo n't be needing another camera to replace this one for a long time . I highly recommend you look no further and buy this product .
 I purchased this camera a couple of months ago and it 's been great . I wanted something that was easy for my wife to operate -LRB- it has an beginner setting -RRB- but it also has more settings if you are an experienced photographer . It syncs directly to the printer , driving the printing , which is really easy . The zoom is 10x optical - hard to find in a pocket-sized digiat camera . And she loves the large screen .
 It is a very cool digital camera . The pictures it takes are very good quality . Just buy it !
 After extensive research , I bought this camera and have no regrets . No need for me to go into all the great features since you can read them on lots of camera review sites . One thing I would stress is the wide angle lens is a must ! And the 10X zoom is amazing . It is made in Japan , and the built quality is superb ! The body is not ultra compact , and it is on the heavier side since it is all metal construction . Very solid . I took over 500 photos on the 16:9 wide screen format . They all came out spectacularly . Highly recommend this camera .
 The Panasonic Lumix TZ3 , a 7.2-megapixel digital camera featuring its 10x optical zoom -LRB- i.e. , the equivalent of 28mm-280mm -RRB- and image stabilzation is an excellent value for the money . It 's relatively compact and lightweight -LRB- though a bit bigger and heavier than some cameras with shorter zoom capabilities -RRB- and offers a wide range of shooting modes to make picture taking very easy and virtually error-free . And , most importantly , the quality of the digital images taken with the Panasonic Lumix Leica lens , is exceptional . I highly recommend the TZ3 , especially if having a broad zoom range is important to you .
 Excellent camera , and lightning fast shipping . Sharp , clear photos through all levels of the amazing 28mm - 280mm optical zoom lens . Easy menu navigation , great usability . Lightweight but solidly built . Great value .
 Very Nice Camera . Has all the features of much other more expensive and very large camera . Works great . Cool zoom and nice wide pics . Huge outside screen is just perfect . Easy Menu
 I love this small camera I can carry it around in my purse and have it with when ever I need it . The zoom is wonderful . This camera is a great camera.If you want a point and shoot camera buy this one .
 My husband recently paid for me a new camera because my faithful Fuji FinePix died after 5 years of hard use . -LRB- We take hundreds & hundreds of photos !!! -RRB- I chose the Panasonic Lumix TZ3K after much deliberation ! I like my Lumix TZ3 , so far . The only thing I do n't like about it is my finger covers part of the flash at times so I have to be careful how I hold the camera . I feel this may be an area they improve with the next model or somewhere down the line . Other than that one problem I have , it 's a great little compact camera with all anyone could want in a compact digital . Also very sturdy feeling !!! THe 10x optical zoom lens is great and something I did n't have on the Fuji Finepix . It has lots of features which I am still learning but in time , I will learn . It has pretty simple instructions on the screen , which I need . :-RRB- I think I would recommend it but I need to use mine a while yet , to make sure . So far , so good.Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3K 7.2 MP Digital Camera with 10x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Black -RRB-
 A great camera for the price . Easy to use and the pictures are excellent .
 My new Lumix DMC-TZ3A delivers significant benefits over my previous 6Mp Sony for small additional cost . Particularly like 28 mm wide angle , 16x9 mode which I use all the time now . Image Stablization is great with long zoom . Also delivers excellent quality video recordings .
 This is a great camera ! Quality optics , a huge LCD screen and loaded with EASY TO USE features . A good deal too.It 's comfortable to hold , durable and cool looking .
 My step-sister researched digital cameras and found the Panasonic Lumix and could not stop talking about it . After hearing her speak so highly of the camera , I bought one and LOVE IT ! I still have a lot to learn on how to use the different settings and so forth . Takes great pictures and it is so lightweight and handy to use . I highly recommend this camera .
 The TZ3 is a fantastic bargain camera , definitely maximizing the price/performance ratio . The Leica lens is the best lens I 've ever seen in anything short of an SLR , with zero distortion and no purple fringing . Menus are easy to use . The camera offers burst shooting , exposure compensation and auto-bracketing , an excellent widescreen movie mode -LRB- although it ca n't zoom in movie mode -RRB- , and can produce 16x9 images with very little cropping.There are two key shortcomings . First , there are no manual settings . Second , noise reduction is heavy handed , producing poor photos with ISO 400 and up . Nevertheless , this is still a great all-around camera , and easily worth much more than its almost $ 200 price tag .
 The Panasonic DMC TZ3k is the 4th digital camera I have purchase in the last 7 years and all of the previous cameras cost over $ 1000 . and none of them were Panasonic cameras . I will not mention the brand names . The Panasonic 's performance in most instances is equal to those cameras and in some instances better than those camera , for example
 I bought this camera just before my China trip . Excellent camera that was easy to use for both still shots and videos . Extremely happy with both stills and video results . The 10:1 zoom allowed me great closeups and the wide angle gave me a better field of view . I am so glad that I bought this camera when I did , and the price through Amazon was almost half of what it is selling for in Canada . Wow !
 I owned 2 other digital cameras before purchasing the Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3S . I did a lot of research before the purchase and was not disappointed with it . It does it all , great picture quality , great optcal zoom -LRB- 10x -RRB- and great video . And all in a compact size .
 Wow - what a camera for the features and price . Zoom , size , functionality , etc. . Use the `` i '' function - takes extremely good pictures and not blurry - good colors . The wide-angle is great for getting the `` whole '' scene . Asking myself why I bought the last camera without image stabilization - HELLO !!!
 I was looking for a camera that both my wife and I could use . She wanted something pretty , not too heavy , and easy to use . I wanted a camera that I could take a real picture with - not just quick snapshots . After lots and lots of research and testing - we settled on this camera . We have not been disappointed.The camera has a `` simple mode '' that my wife uses to take snaps . She loves it . Turn it on , zoom to the desired frame and snap away!I use the other settings that allow me to set just how I 'd like light to be metered and color rendered.Aside from its outstanding lens , the LCD display , ease of use , and size and feel of the camera all stand out as superlative . It 's small enough to fit in my wife 's purse without complaint and feels comfortably solid and well-made . What I miss
 So far I am happy with this camera . I have n't yet figured out all the different options and menus but it was pretty easy to use on automatic right out of the box ! Not sure the macro is a clear as I would wish tho . I do think the anti-vibration works very well , even in telephoto with a strong wind ! That is impressive ! Even tho this is not the smallest camera it packs alot of options into a fairly small unit ! Worth getting for sure ! A small case is a good investment to protect both the screen and the lens . I also found I needed a spare battery because the zoom eats up power ! All in all this was a good choice for me !
 This is my second digital camera . I had a Toshiba for 7 years and broke . I first turned to Consumer Reports to see their ratings . In Consumer Reports , they rate this camera a best buy at $ 250 and a rating of 73 out of 100 . In my rating this camera rates a 100 out of 100 . This camera is chock full of features including a great 3 '' LCD screen , the 10x optical zoom and 5x digtal zoom , image stabilization , and much more . It has all the features I wanted and a whole lot more.I shopped around and Amazon was the lowest price for this camera and as always the best shipping.If you are looking for an EXCELLENT digital camera at a great price , stop looking , you found it !!!! Buy it !!!
 This camera is awesome . I absolutely love it . It 's small enough to carry in my purse and yet has all the power of a big camera . It 's simple to use , takes excellent photos , takes great video , and has been a great addition to my list of doodads . : -RRB-
 As I 'm a beginner as far as camera 's go , the TZ3 does take a little learning as far as settings , etc. goes . My last camera , a Sony MVC-FD200 was very basic , just point and shoot , of course I could do very little to enhance my pictures with that model . The TZ3 allows me to set the camera , depending on the situation , to allow for more versitility . The 3 '' display is a very nice upgrade from my last camera . I guess if I had any complaints about the camera , a view finder would have been a nice option .
 Great Product easy to use . Small compact and all the features we need . Much better than the Son we had before
 we bought this camera after returning my sony cybershot i must say it has a lot more options zoom awesome n so is the movie mode xcellent movies i love it
 Best price-quality EVER ! I wish I knew it before , you wo n't regret.Sometimes It makes me have second thoughts about bringing my Nikon D80.SUPERB !
 I am almost totally satisfied with the DMC-TZ3 . It is a great compact camera and the wide lens setting has been very useful . The only feature I miss is an `` exposure lock '' to assist panorama photography .
 This product was even more than I thought it would be . A great camera and easy to use .
 I wanted an easy to use camera with a zoom . This fit the bill perfectly .
 I am really satisfied with my purchase of the Panasonic Lumix I received in time allotted.Quyana -LRB- Thank you in Inupiaq.Denty
 Es la mejor c&aacute;mara digital con la que he tomado fotos ... Te permite hacer de todo lo que puedas imaginar ... Muy Buena , la recomiendo ...
 The camera is great . The image stabilization is amazing . You can shake that camera as your taking the picture and the image comes out clear . The settings are a little complicated . The screen is huge which makes for great viewing of the pictures . I have not yet printed any pictures so I do n't know just how good the image quality is . The battery life could last a little longer . If you use it for a wedding , by the end of the night the battery will die . The zoom is excellent for such a small camera . The camera is for my wife and the only complaint she had was that it was slightly larger and heavier than she expected , but she likes it .
 Camera is great . It is cheap , has a lot of functionality and was sent very quickly .
 I have the previous model TZ1 and it 's a great camera , but one big annoyance with it is that like on many of the higher-zoom cameras , you have to manually attach the lens cover . So when TZ2/TZ3 came out with the automatic lens cover , I thought perhaps it 's great enough an improvement to be worth trading up to . Well , the automatic lens cover is great , the slightly smaller size -LRB- comparing to TZ1 -RRB- is nice , and the larger 3-inch LCD screen -LRB- again , comparing to TZ1 's 2.5-inch -RRB- is wonderful , especially with the nifty new feature to display any 2 pictures of your choosing at once . HOWEVER , since the optical zoom now starts at 28mm wideangle , the highest zoom is only 280mm instead of 350mm ! 280mm is the equivalent of 8X zoom on any camera that does not start at wideangle , so the `` 10X '' claim is very misleading . Sure the little bit of wideangle is nice to have , but in my opinion , it 's not worth sacrificing this much zoom-in ability for , especially since the main attraction about this camera model is the HIGH ZOOM in a relatively small package!Added 5/3 : Not that I care , but I feel a little amused by the number of negative feedbacks and comments I got on this particular review . Apparently I 've touched a nerve since this is a very likable camera . I profess that I like the TZ3 very much too and it was a hard decision to return it . But folks , face the facts and the hard numbers . 280mm is less zoom than 350mm . I am not accounting TZ1 's or TZ3 's ability to do `` higher zoom '' by reducing the resolution -LRB- I 'd rather take the full resolution picture and crop it myself later -RRB- , but only accounting for each camera 's full optical zoom at each camera 's maximum resolution . Whether or not wideangle is more important to you than higher zoom is a matter of preference - I 'm just pointing out -LRB- as the manufacturer fails to -RRB- , that even though it 's nice that TZ3 now has wideangle , there IS a trade off , which is the LESSER ZOOM capability.To illustrate , I have uploaded 4 pictures . They are the 280mm -LRB- TZ3 at maximum zoom in -RRB- vs. the 350mm -LRB- TZ1 at maximum zoom in -RRB- , and the 28mm -LRB- TZ3 at maximum zoom out -RRB- vs. the 35mm -LRB- TZ1 at maximum zoom out -RRB- .
 I rated this camera 4 stars , despite never having handled one , based upon my experience with a TZ1 , which I own . I might have rated it less , based on the following problem
 I am so excited about this camera - it has all the bells and whistles and is so easy to use .
 Very pleased with this camera . Large LCD is terrific and the zoom puts it in a class of its own for its size . Best small camera for the dollar . In my book , Panasonic pulls ahead of Canon with this little beauty !
 I am going to Eastern Europe in April . So I wanted to get a really nice camera that did n't take blurry pics and has a good zoom . My husband got this camera for me for Christmas . We researched alot of cameras before hand and chose this one for several reasons 1 . It has a 10x Optical Zoom which is really nice . 2 . It has 7.0 mps . 3 . It has Optical Image Stabilization . and Mega O.I.S. / 28mm wide angle . ang 4 . Intelligent ISO control . just to name a few . To sum it all up it take great shots with nothing more than using one of 3 settings that does all the work and compensation that you need . If you want to play , then there are LOTS of other settings you can play with . I would recommend this camera to everyone . I love it . Plus the price was pretty good .
 We recently bought this camera to replace one that had grown old and outdated . I read the reviews and had high expectations based on them - and this camera delivered . It is easy to use and has more functions and flexibility than you would expect for a camera in this price range . We are very happy with this purchase !
 I did a complex research on this Camera before I purchased it . Everything I saw pointed to `` That 's the Camera for me '' . Since I have now used the Camera , it lives up to all of my expectations . The Camera is easy to hold , easy to use and easy to set different settings . I love the large display . I just love everything about this Camera . I 'm glad I did so much research prior to purchasing it . The research gave this novice a wealth of information to compare and decide . The price was very , very competitive . I would highly recommend this Camera to anyone.Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3S 7.2 MP Digital Camera with 10x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Silver -RRB-
 Took this camera with me for the first time on to a trip to Peru . The Leica 10x optical zoom lens allowed for superb wide-angle -LRB- 28mm -RRB- landscape photos of Machu Picchu , terrific portraits at mid-range -LRB- 100mm -RRB- zoom , and nice telephoto -LRB- 280mm -RRB- candids of people and animals . Its ease of use was evident by never having to open the user 's manual . Unlike ultrazoom cameras from other manufacturers such as Sony and Olympus , this Lumix is actually pocketable though I prefer to keep it in the optional soft leather case . Resolution is quite good except without flash in low lighting .
 This is a great little camera for someone like me who likes to just shoot and point , and for my husband who like to get a little more technical and use all the settings this camera offers . Pictures are great , easy to use - screen is big and easy to view . Would recommend for everyday picture takers .
 This is a great , compact , point and shoot camera . I love it . I have a bigger , more expensive Panasonic camera and needed something less bulky . This fits in my purse and accompanies me wherever I go . The 10X zoom makes it just a little better than other compact point and shoots . Most do not have the zoom options . Great camera , great price , totally recommend it .
 It is a great camera for the price . I do , however , miss not having a viewfinder , especially outdoors in bright light.The quality is great , I gotten great shots with it . My usage is personal photos , not professional , hence all my need other than the veiwfinder are met and exceeded.Love it .
 This is an Excellent Camera ! I have not seen anything bad with it since I started using it , the Pictures are Extra Sharp and the Video Recording . If I am to use a Digital Camera again , I will not think twice before choosing Panasonic Lumix TZ3 .
 I purchased this camera over nine months ago after countless hours of research . The main reason was the many features in a relativley small package . I could n't be happier with my purchase . Although larger than the small pocket cameras such as the digital elf , it still fits in my jean pocket with no problem . The 10X optical zoom along with the excellent image stabilization features are just icing on the cake . I would recommend this camera to anybody looking for a good point and shoot camera at a reasonable price .
 This is a great little camera . This thing has so many sophisticated settings , I 'll retire before I use all of them once . Shots are great . Image Stabilization works OK , but hey , I guess I should n't try to take shots from an auto rickshaw ripping down the streets of Bangalore spraying a cloud of toxic fog and expect National Geographic quality stuff . But if you want to capture a low frame rate video clip documenting the terror of public transport that can be emailed home , this camera 's got it covered.I really like the smart ISO function . I have gotten quite a few good shots when flash was inappropriate -LRB- like old churches -RRB- or impossible -LRB- nighttime vistas -RRB- . Auto white balance is not so good , even in full sun . Flash burn is a fact of life . I routinely expose at -2 EV in flash intensive settings.I also REALLY appreciate the power switch . With this camera , ON means ON , not on until some 30 second idle timer expires.The one thing I 've got an issue with is the rear panel controls placement . I constantly find myself staring at the flash control menu due to fatfinger syndrome . But in all fairness , I 've fat fingers.Picture clarity is great and with a tripod , this thing can take 7MP pics with the best point and shoots . At full zoom on a tripod , you are likely to get stuff you would have never considered with another P&S. ; Even night sky exposures -LRB- fully auto -RRB- are good with a really stable tripod -LRB- do n't use your cheap video camera tripod -RRB- . Battery life is quite good
 We wanted to upgrade our camera and also go slighly smaller at the same time . This camera offers great zoom and megapixel but compaired to my prior kodaks some of the modes have issues with movement . We tend to keep this on auto mode but found in certain situations we like more of a custom mode and some of them just do n't work out well with a very active toddler who likes to move around . We do love the different modes as far as image size as well as video mode and find at night it works rather well , it 's just some of the modes do n't work well with lots of movement and some do n't work so well without flash . There are times you want a more natural look , so you take off flash and this camera does not adjust as much as I would like . Though I gave it 4 stars because I do tend to pick this one up on my way out the door over the other one . The zoom and megapixel size help make up for those other areas it lacks . Also love the special batteries , I find those always work better than just having a camera that takes AA or AAA and the battery life tends to last a long time ! Wish there was an easier way to transfer photos from the internal memory to the card !
 I LOVE this camera . I love the size of the window . I can see what I am shooting easily . I love the fact that I can use the new type of card . I love the fact that I do not have to remember to remove the lens cap . DUH ! I love the way it feels in my hands - I can hold onto it since it is not super small . I love the way I can set it on a `` dummies '' setting , or I can really get into taking pictures and learn a lot about taking pictures without having a big camera used by professionals . I really LOVE this camera !!!
 I bought this camera because it had the best zoom I could find on a small camera . Now , after returning from a special vacation , I can say I 'm extremely happy with my choice . The variety of menu options for picture taking was at first daunting , but after experimenting I was glad I had them . I could take great indoor pictures with the `` warm '' color setting , or outdoor pictures using the `` natural '' color setting , or boost the color on an overcast day using the `` vivid '' color setting - and there are more . The only minor complaint is I noticed a somewhat slow shutter response that caused me to miss a few `` action '' shots - very minor .
 This is a great product . Alot of features , great optical zoon and huge lcd viewer .
 I 've had the camera now for 6 months and have thoroughly enjoyed it . It 's easy to use and the results are amazing . The macro setting is great for zooming it , but is a little hard to keep stable and thus will render some pictures blurry . However , I always take more than one picture of anything so it 's not a problem . I recommend it to everyone , from beginning to expert . It was worth every penny .
 I bought this as a gift to my friend who is interested in photography and wanted something to try before he goes on SLR . This serves perfect.The wide angle is one the gr8 features along with 10x zoom . It has most of the basic SLR functions which you can tune.I will recommend this to anybody who in a serious beginner in photography .
 I love this camera . For years I 've suffered with cheap digital camera 's . This camera is wonderful . I am not a camera expert , I am more of a click and go girl . This camera is sooo easy and simple to use and takes beautiful pictures . I love that the battery is rechargeable and it lasts for awhile . I bought an extra battery and that works out well when I 'm at the beach or party . I would HIGHLY recommend this camera for those people who want a wonderful , simple yet effective camera . Another plus to this camera is the 10X optical zoom ... two words people ... LOVE IT !!
 This is an amazingly capable camera ! I carry it in my pocket for use at all times , at work , at home , everywhere . I used it instead of a scanner for reproducing old photos , especially at other peoples homes . I captured documents at 7Mp for archiving or for pasting into reports . I have used the full zoom range for amazing landscape shots as well as a recent Julio Iglesias concert from 50 yards with both video and still shots.I mostly leave the camera in the ` intelligent mode ' with image and motion stabilization and disable the flash.I have taken night shots of the Tokyo cityscape , and night shots of the winterscape in upstate New York which I may not have even tried offhand with other cameras . With the image and motion stabilization , a lack of a tripod did not cost me a stellar photo.The camera has some limitations . The shutter does lag a fraction of a second so some shots are missed when there is movement or a facial expression changes . The flash sometimes flattens the image because it is different from the ambient lighting , in which case it is better to turn it off or change the mode to slow flash with ambient lighting . This is when it often pays to drag out the old Canon digital SLR with the faster shutter lag and the better vertical flash position .
 My wife was due for an upgrade after carrying around her thin Kodak digital camera for 3 years . The TZ3 is on the larger side for a compact digital camera . I was kind of shocked at how big it seemed when I first handled it . It takes wonderful pictures in decent lighting and has a large screen.It was the perfect balance between a megazoom and the ability to carry the camera around anywhere . In addition it 's a point a click for those who do n't know how to manually focus or change the settings to capture a shot .
 This is SUCH a good camera . I bought it but someone dropped it in water and it broke , so the guy bought me a Canon camera . I just sold it and bought this one again , because it is sooo incomparable . This camera is so user-friendly and takes such great quality photos ! I had no problem at all with the seller - the camera came really quickly and in great condition . I 'm so happy with this purchase !
 This camera 's 10x zoom is totally amazing ! This camera can not be beat and it 's easy to use !
 awosome zoom in . clear picture . easy handle . battery is not bad . good with the price too .
 Best camera for price ! Small , fits in pocket or purse . Takes great pictures and has good zoom qualities . Reccomend for anyone who wants an automatic camera !
 This is the best camera I have ever used . The pictures are excellent , the zoom is phenomenal . The fast shutter speed allows me to take 4 pictures in the same time other digital cameras take one . Everyone I have shown it to or have tried to use it love the camera .
 Hello , I bought this item , because it was no longer availabel here in Germany , therefore excuse my typing / errors in spelling.Well , what can I say this camera is wonderful . It has everything , I mean everything you can ask for . This camera has received best test results in 2007/2008 and is still a hot item in 2008 eventhough the new type TZ5 was launched in the market . This camera has received a better test results regarding the speed shooting pictures in sequence . It is therfore alos good snap shot camera , but much more than this . Read more
 Great wide zoom lens . Great optical image stabilization , even at full telephoto . Decent image quality for a such a small sensor but noisy , even at ISO 100 . Nice wide screen videos.Needs an optical viewfinder . Needs exposure lock . Flimsy lens cover worries me . I wish Panasonic -LRB- and all camera makers -RRB- would reduce the number of pixels on this tiny sensor . -LRB- End the insane megapixel race ! -RRB- Very nice camera but could be better .
 What a great camara . You wo n't find a digital camara with 10x zoom this small and compact . Navigating through the menu was very user friendly . My only wish was that it had the great zoom capability in video mode . Nevertheless , a great camara !
 Very good product , I like all picutres I 'm getting with it.I strongly recommend for all point and shoot photographers who wants a 10x optical zoom camera .
 I have a Lumix FZ30 that I love . We purchased the TZ3A to have similar performance in a smaller camera . So far it has met all of our expectations . The menus and controls are great and the pictures we have taken are very high quality . I just love the image stabilization .
 I like the large view screen and the 10x zoom . The compact body fits in a shirt pocket .
 great camera . easy to use -LRB- i have 3 other digitals -RRB- . lens cover is the weak point , which i knew from other owners , so i found an old plastic lens cover that fit over the whole lens area -LRB- nikon 52mm -RRB- , problem solved !
 WE ARE IN SCOTLAND ALOT OF THE PICTURES IN THE OLDER BUILDINGS TURN OUT BETTER WHEN YOU DO N'T USE A FLASH.THE 28 -300 LENS HELPS TO GET THE FULL IMAGE OR THE LANDSCAPE OF THE AREA.I WILL POST A FEW IMAGES FOR PEOPLE TO SEE
 I went to Ritz Camera today and took a good look at the TZ3 . I 'll tell you , its pretty nice . The build quality is really good , as a previous person mentioned . The body is metal . The dials and buttons click with precision , and have a nice resistance . It has a nice weight to it.I took some nice shots in the store . I must have clicked off 100 pics . I 'm impressed with it . If you want something relatively small , powerful and tough , this camera is for you . The 10x zoom is great , but on such a small camera it is difficult to hold it steady enough -LRB- at least for me -RRB- to use the zoom too much.I love the build quality and style , so I may be biased . It 's a nice piece of equipment . I can not speak to the photo quality only having seen pics on the camera 's LCD .
 I 've got one these . THe best thing about this is the zoom . the picture quality is pretty good , very bright . there are a lot of features , including a pretty easy tv out . the AA battery makes this very convenient for power supply . however , unless you 've got a fast SD card , taking pictures lags a little . also , you ca n't zoom in video ...
 Easy to use , especially with image stabilizer , screen is nice , and having 4:3 , 6:4 , 16:9 picture options and burst mode is a plus . Bulky for a point and shoot camera BUT it 's still the smallest camera with a 10x optical zoom , fair trade off . Turn on time is fairly quick . Video is in quicktime format , and I prefer AVI , but I use it to take pictures , so I do n't really care . Overall nice camera .
 The Panasonic -LSB- T -RSB- ravel - -LSB- Z -RSB- oom 3 is a compact camera with a great 10x optical zoomPros :1 -RRB- 10x zoom in a compact body with -LRB- large -RRB- 3 '' LCD screen2 -RRB- 28mm wide angle , good for group shots , scenary/buildings without needing to move back so much . Using 16:9 mode gives something like 25mm , though u 'll lose some of the vertical pixels ... 3 -RRB- burst shooting without flash , burst 3fps for 7 -LRB- low quality -RRB- or 5 -LRB- high quality -RRB- pictures , ~ 2fps continuous until memory card is filled up4 -RRB- 4:3 / 3:2 / 16:9 modes , mentioned in -LRB- Pros 2 -RRB- ... . the TZ3 's sensor is unique that it allows a semi-true 16:9 mode -LRB- it has extra horizontal pixels , has 8.5 mill pixels but only 7.2 mill effective pixels as those extra pixels go to the horizontal part , but not a true 16:9 sensor -RRB- widescreen 16:9 video recording availableFeatures can be considered pro or con depending on what you want :1 -RRB- 10x zoom starts from 28 - > 280mm , an 35mm equivalent means only 8x zoom -RRB- , but i personally believe that the wide angle makes up for less `` reach '' in the telephoto end . there is an EZ-Zoom feature -LRB- explained later -RRB- that you can set to 3megapixels to reach 420mm2 -RRB- TZ3 uses Li-Ion battery , makes for faster flash recharge but less compatiable/wide-availability than AA/AAA3 -RRB- Movie mode is captured in in Motion-JPEG -LRB- MJPEG -RRB- , meaning 1 minute of 640x480 , 30fps with sound takes 50MB , a 2GB card takes 22 minute video ... . bad compared to those cameras -LRB- Casio Exilm using H. 264 -RRB- , but less compression artifacts ... . besides , 16GB SDHC costs like $ 70Cons :1 -RRB- NO optical or digital zoom during movie mode , but you can set it before shooting2 -RRB- poor low-light shooting , the flash range is weak , noise apparent in > ISO 800 , overaggressive noise reduction by the camera engine3 -RRB- next to none manual controls , alright for a consumer who wants a P&S ; with a little more features -LRB- 10x zoom and 28mm wide angle -RRB- , like me ... the different scene modes available -LRB- sports , underwater , night -RRB- acts like setting controls , you probably need some practice with the TZ3 to know which scene mode to use4 -RRB- full-speed USB -LRB- 1.1 speed -RRB- , it 's really SLOW , get a SD -LRB- HC -RRB- reader , and the camera uses microUSB instead of the more popular miniUSB5 -RRB- LCD does n't have a high viewing angle , and hard to see from above -LRB- polarizing effect -RRB- . The TZ3 has a power LCD mode to boost the brightness , and you can turn the camera upside down to get shots near the groundEZ-ZOOM
 I was attracted to buy this camera because of its small dimensions and the powerful Leica objective . My wife and I are very much enjoying the ease of use and the high quality of pictures . My wife is a professional photographerwith a respectable collection of high-end cameras but the Lumix became her favorite toy . It almost looks like I have to buy another one .
 I am very pleased with the photos I 've taken with the camera . The main reason I purchased the camera was that it has a 10X optical zoom , which I was unable to find in other cameras this size . The photos are clear , and the camera is easy to use . My only complaint is in regard to taking motion pictures with the camera . After taking some home movies , I was unable to play them back on the computer , and I was unable to burn them to a disc . After a number of hours on the phone with both Dell and Panasonic Customer Service , I was informed by the Panasonic Customer Service employee that the camera is not compatible with Windows Vista . I do n't recall reading this prior to purchasing the camera , and it never occurred to me that compatibility would be an issue . I was finally able to burn the motion pictures to a disc by copying the files so the movies were ultimately burned as individual files , not as a continuous motion picture as I had hoped for . When I attempted to use the Windows DVD Maker and Movie Maker programs , I got error messages . I am hoping that as Microsoft continues to make upgrades to Vista , this compatibility issue will be resolved . Therefore , I would highly recommend the camera for taking high-quality photos , but if you want to make movies , it might be wise to buy a camcorder .
 Having used to the popular brands of cameras like the Canons and Sonys - I was used to use to using the camera in a particular way - try to adjust the aperture , shutter speed ... I was disappointed when I first got this camera that it does not have too many controls and knobsWhen I started using it , I noticed that the Camera is so intelligently build that you do not need to be very complicated to use it.Just use it with very few settings and you get amazing picture quality - both on the print as well as on the computer.Pros : ===== -LRB- 1 -RRB- Image stabilization - You need this feature in a digital camera , since digital cameras are so sensitivie to minor shake . This camera -LRB- and the casios -RRB- is way ahead of other cameras to have image stabilization a part of the standard feature -LRB- 2 -RRB- Color reproduction - Of all the cameras I have used -LRB- sony , canon ... -RRB- -LRB- not comparing to SLRS , but only to point and shoot -RRB- - this one has the best color reproduction - not sure if it is due to the leica lens or the image receptor , but the color reproduction is ultra realistic -LRB- 3 -RRB- Usability - Simple to use - just turn the knob to Best shot and shoot . If you want to go a bit deeeper , select the scene type as night/underwater/cloudy ... and shoot . Either way you get amazing snaps -LRB- 4 -RRB- Zoom - One of the best zooms available in point and shoot cameras -LRB- 5 -RRB- Battery life - Excellent battery lifeCons -LRB- 1 -RRB- Slightly bulky - I wish if this camera was a little less bulkier -LRB- 2 -RRB- Cost - Seems slightly expensive , but if you compare to the cost of Leica camera , these are only 1/10th the price , so it is ok -LRB- 3 -RRB- No viewfinder - Usually it is ok , because even in bright sunlight you can see the LCD , but I wish if there was one
 I had a bit of a problem at first in using the camera because it was more complicated than my old camera . I quickly learned how to use it without reading the manual . The battery is awesome . It lasted for a week with no recharging even though I took well over 100 pictures . The accessories made uploading to my computer a breeze . All of the pictures were clear - even the ones I took with maximum magnification . By the way , I had bought the same camera for my 13 year old granddaughter and asked her for her opinion before I bought one for myself . She loves hers too , obviously .
 This was a gift so I am not the principal user . We are occasional camera users who never the less want a highly portable camera that will shoot good pictures in low light and high zoom situations . After considerable research this is the most compact ` super zoom ' camera available . It has better low light performance , higher zoom , larger LCD , and more features than the Canon SD200 it is replacing . It is still pocket sized though just barely . The rotary mode switch on top is quite handy . The LCD is n't transflective but has a high brightness mode for daylight usage that we have n't gotten to use yet . There is n't any view finder which we did n't use in the previous camera anyway . Will use 4GB SD cards . Comes with software and a USB cable that we have n't used and probably wo n't since we just take the card out and plug it into a computer . Battery is rechargeable type with included charger . Does n't use the flash in some low light situations that the old camera would have . We are quite happy with it thus far .
 I have done quite an extensive comparison research on the net before I finalized my decession on purchasing this camera . I just came back from Europe from a 2 weeks ' vacation and this camera serve me well . Although it is larger than other digital camera , but it still fit comfortably well in my jean or pant 's pocket . And because it is larger , it fit well in my hand to take a more stable picture . I just love the 10x Optical Stabilized Zoom . It let me capture some great pictures otherwise I would not have been able to . It is a good investment for the money .
 Some of the key features that brot me to this camera
 This camera has lots of interesting features but the key reason to buy it is to put 12x in your pocket . You ca n't get the shot if the camera is n't with you and most big zoom cameras do n't fit comfortably in your pocket . This one will always be with you . Because I had it in my pocket while hiking , and because it has a huge zoom , I was able to get some excellent shots of a couple of deer.You may have thought that the camera had a 10x zoom . But if you set the image quality to 5mp instead of 7.2 mp , the camera can zoom to 12x . At 3mp you could have 15x . Based on the images I 've shot , 5mp is plenty for any printing or cropping.The screen is beautiful . I miss a viewfinder . But I 've found that the power mode for the screen allows me to use the screen in bright sunlight . I was even able to catch a couple hummingbirds buzzing a bush.After a month and several hundred pictures I believe this is the best camera choice .
 I did a fair amount of research when shopping for a new digital camera . There are so many out there that it becomes difficult to evaluate them . Canon , alone , offers about 30 digital cameras . I read somewhere to look for the features that are important to you and then choose from that group . I found this to be helpful advice . I did n't want a bulky camera that would n't fit in my pocket and would be tethered around my neck . That eliminated a number of cameras . My existing camera -LRB- a Fuji digital from 2003 -RRB- has 3x zoom , and I was intrigued by reviews touting cameras with super zoom . Some of the new cameras have an image stabilization feature . I sometimes had blurred pictures with the Fuji , so I definitely wanted this feature . I also read about face detection technology , where the camera can detect faces in a shot and optimize the settings for that shot . Picture quality was also an important -- actually the most important -- feature . I also read a review noting the importance of a viewfinder.With all these criteria , I came up with the Lumix . This was somewhat of a compromise
 I am not a camera expert , nor am I a camera critic , but I really love my new Panasonic Lumix DMC TZ3 . When I show it to people , I get `` ooh 's '' and `` ahh 's '' from everyone , as they say ... `` I should of bought that one '' ! I love the 3 inch screen , and the camera shoots great pics , and exceptional video , also . The package comes with an easy to use computer program that lets you easily transfer the pics and videos from the memory card , re-size the photos in 4 different sizes , add , and e-mail the pics , and many other options . It was great to get the free 1 gb panasonic memory card just because I ordered the Lumix TZ3 directly from amazon.com . That 's a good deal.What really amazes me about the TZ3 , is that you can magnify the 10X optical zoom with the digital zoom , to 40X ... and up to 60X if you lower the megapixel to 3.2 on the menu options . This is great . I got a `` close-up '' shot of wildlife from approximately 200 yards away !!! The camera naturally becomes very sensitive to movement the more you zoom . For this I recommend a very steady hand , or a tri-pod stand for clearer images .
 For a camera this size , it 's a great value . Image quality is not great but very acceptable . Indoor low light situations are not always real good if you 're out of flash range . However , with sufficent light the camera can take some good indoor pictures . The white balance also does a very nice job . There are not many manual controls , but the camera does a good job of making the right choices.Outdoor pictures are consistantly very good . Quick to focus and the zoom range is outstanding for a camera this size and price range . Image stabilization works really well too.Is this camera the right camera for all situations , no , but it will do well for most . If you shoot in a lot of low light situations you will need a camera with a wider aperture.Bottom line , it 's a great value .
 I have been hunting for the perfect digital camera for travel for quite some time . I historically have been a `` Canon Man '' and I love my Elph , G5 and 20D but having read many positive reviews in several magazines as well as online photo sites , I decided to pick up this Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3 . Having just returned from vacation in Turkey with over 800 pictures and 20 movie snippets , I 'm convinced I found it in this camera.Now what , you may ask is a `` travel camera ? '' It 's perhaps more a marketing term as ca n't ALL camera 's travel ? Of course they can but then this has a few features that make it a perfect travel companion . For one , it 's compact . Not quite as compact as a deck of cards but small enough that I took it every where all day and night long . This is a key benefit when you are traveling as you never know when you might want to capture that perfect shot . Another feature is that it has a very versatile 10x optical zoom lens ranging from 28mm to 280mm . This zoom proved very handy when I needed to capture a shot over hundreds of mutually admiring touristy heads . The wide angle also did a fine job - particularly when I was trying to capture the entire remarkably restored Ephesus library . At the end of the day , I wanted to go back and review my pictures . The photo review features not only allow you to scroll through previously taken pictures but another mode gives you a calendar view so that you can go back and see all the pictures you took last Wednesday when you were in Istanbul.Since I consider myself a photo snob and self declared `` pro-consumer '' , I was very interested in photo quality . Again , the camera did n't disappoint yielding sharp images , accurate colors and very little noise - particularly at the lower ISO settings . I tried as much as possible to keep it in the 100 to 200 ISO range . I upped the ISO to 800 when I was touring the mosques resulting in more noise but no more so than any other camera in this class.Battery life was great but if you are going to travel , pick up another battery as you 'd hate to run out of juice mid-day . It may not be necessary but I 'm a big believer in fully running your battery down before recharging it . I was able to plug the charger into the wall using only a prong converter - no voltage adjuster necessary since the charger is a variable 110 to 220 volts.I could go on and on but I think you get the idea that I would recommend this camera - not just for travel but for any other photography pursuit .
 Although not necessarily immediately apparent at first glance , digital camera technology has come a long way in the past few years . We needed to replace a DSC-T1 , state of the art at its time , due to increasing frustration with missed shots . With a new baby , the need to get a shot quickly and the first time is critical . With the T1 , there were far too many times where we needed to try and try again , at which point the chance was lost.Another part of the consideration was zoom . After a recent trip to Alaska , the 3X optical zoom proved entirely inefficient for anything other than someone standing in front of you.The TZ3K has solvved our problems admirably . It is an easy-to-use camera which we bought trhough Amazon and put through its paces on a trip to Martha 's Vineyard with the baby . We were constantly amazed at how the camera was able to interpret the setting to compensate for problems , account for the baby moving , and get a great shot the first time . We kept taking second shots because we are used to it , but inevitably it was the first shot that was better.For a small camera , it is remarkable that it can handle 10X optical zoom at 7.2 megapixels . Surprisingly , they do not market that it can do better . By changing the resolution to 5MP , you can get 12X optical zoom , 15X optical at 3MP -LRB- which is perfectly fine for printing up to 5X7 prints -RRB- , and so on.We are thrilled with the camera . It is not as small as the previous T1 , but there is no shortage of equally small cameras , and we decided that this was not really what we valued most .
 My primary camera is a Nikon D50 SLR with several lenses . I use that camera for planned events.The Lumix TZ3 goes everywhere with me . I keep it in my briefcase . Any time I go out while traveling I just put it on my belt or drop it in my pocket.It takes great pictures . The 28-280 mm zoom lens gives you everything from wide angle - great for group pictures and cityscapes , to long telephoto . Good for Yankee games even in seats that are in fair territory .
 I bought this camera mainly for its 10x capability and still small enough to put in my pocket . Here is my opinion : Con :1 . You ca n't zoom when it is in Movie mode . This is really self-defeating . I consider the zoom feature is a must in shooting movie . My Casio 3x camera can perform this function nicely .2 . No View Window , this makes taking photos in bright daylight difficult .3 . Battery does n't last long . You need at least one extra for your vacation .4 . Auto-focus is not that fast especially when you zoom to telephoto.Pro :1 . Image Stabilization works nicely . This is essential for a pocket camera that you can take photos in haste & still come out great .2 . 10x zoom works great , much better than 3x camera , the majority of the rest . It is still much handy & smaller than SLX 10x camera .3 . The cable interface to PC & TV are very handy .4 . The Operating Instructions is printed completely -LRB- not in the disc -RRB- . It is very informative and not loaded with other languages.There is no camera for everyone . You just have to know the pro & con and be sure that the con does not bother you .
 I 'm fairly handy with tech gadgets , but simple is better . I 'm relying on `` scene '' settings so I do n't need to tinker with ISO 's , F stops and the like.Kids running around
 I have many SLR cameras both Nikon and Canon and I bought this TZ3A as a pocket camera and I love it as a quality point and shoot camera . It has all the features I have on my SLRcameras , a real quality lens for its size , and it does fit in my shirt pocket . It takes great pictures , and includes image stabilization , a large 28-280mm optical zoom -LRB- 35mm equivalent -RRB- , and a giant LCD screen on the back with no viewfinder which I find that not to be a problem . It takes fabulous images outdoors but the indoor images with internal flash are a little weak and there is no provision for an external flash . I can find no fault with the , by Leica , lens . The A on TZ3A model number stands for a blue color which has a nice textured finish . I have taken some serious contest quality photos with it and recommend it highly .
 Panasonic DMC-TZ3 - `` Far Exceeds Expectations . '' What a great camera ! I have owned several cameras and the DMC-TZ3 is hands down the `` best value '' in digital cameras . It works extremely well on every level
 Hi ! My name is Katie . I have only had this camera for 3 days as I got it Christmas morning . I live on a farm and love to shoot `` nature '' pictures . Most small cameras only have a 3x Optical zoom , I love this 10x 's . This allows me to zoom a little farther off and get creatures in the edge of the woods . I do photgraphyas a 4H project also , I am so excited to have this to work with . The pictures are super clear and the camera is so easy to use . I can not wait to use all of the features that it has .
 This camera has all what you would expect from a compact camera.It is compact and fits in a pocket , it 's rugged and has a metal shell.The TZ3 has a high quality Leica lens , that can zoom to 280mm equivalent or open to 28mm , so you are free to compose your image even when constrained by distance.The zoom is usable in the tele range , because the image stabiliser does an excellent job giving surprisingly good pictures even in low light conditions and jitter-free videos.All of these make it an ideal compact camera that allows more freedom with its huge focal range.Of course you do not have as much control as you would have from a SLR , but exposure compensation is easy to set with the guide of an image histogram.The price is rather interesting .
 I bought this camera as a replacement for my aging powershot . Ive had the camera for two months or so and I love it . I mainly use the camera for concerts and it does a wonderful job for the most part - it 's not even comparable to my last camera . The zoom was the biggest selling point for me and it 's been great at shows . With my last camera the videos I shot were always poor in sound quality , but this camera is ok with the heavy bass of rock shows . The camera is n't tiny by any means , but it does n't attract attention and can fit in a purse easily.The only con I have noticed is that when I 'm taking a picture of a band the camera will choose one person to focus in on and slightly blurs the rest . I 'm sure this is user error and I have some setting wrong but I ca n't figure it out . I 've gotten compliments on those pictures but personally it 's driving me crazy.I have n't used the camera in any other settings but concerts , but so far it 's everything I had hoped for ! Easy to use and the battery lasts longer on a charge then I had expected .
 My english is poor , therefore here no technical issues or statements.I have searched for a simply camera for taking good pictures and easy handling . It works absolutely fine . Maybe there are better ones , maybe there are cheaper ones , but for this price it is a number one recommendation.Only one thing is coming up , I feel the battery goes down faster than expected . A second one will be helpful . My advise , strong buy .
 Panasonic sells economical products with high quality . This device packs all the facilities in an item , exactly what a non-professional photographer is looking for
 wide angle lens , fast , pocketable , very good quality photos . So , down side
 Purchased the Lumix DMC-TZ3 to take on a cruise . Found the camera to be easy to use and produced remarkable pictures , especially since I am a terrible photographer . If you are looking for a camera small enough to put in a pocket yet not sacrifice quality this is the one for you .
 For my next digital camera , I was interested in getting a small pocket size camera . But , no small camera that I liked can take wide angle pictures and 10X optical zoom . This camera can take pictures in 16:9 format which look great on my Widescreen HDTV . Plus , this camera has many fun features that I did n't know about before I purchased it . The camera has various scene modes , such as sunset , at night , firework , self-portrait and so many more that really make the pictures even better . Now , I do n't have to be a professional photographer to take great pictures anytime and anywhere with my shaky hands .
 I am delighted with my new camera and Amazons responsiveness in handling my purchase . The Leica lens allows me great lattitude in framing my shots and it 's range and crispness is amazing . I am not the most skilled photographer and still have not completed the instruction manual but this camera allowed me to take fine photos from day one . I would reccomend this camera to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot !
 I love this camera ! It takes great stills and wonderful movies . The resolution is great and it takes good pictures even in low light . I would have given it 5 stars , except for the fact that without an optical viewfinder it makes it hard to take pictures in bright sunlight . That being said , if you just point it in the direction of what you want to take a picture of it takes a great picture anyway !
 I bought this camera before going on vacation . I took a lot of beach photos and other outdoor photos . The quality of the photos is good . I wanted a camera with the 10x optical lens and would have preferred it to be smaller . However , I was able to fit this camera in the pocket of my shorts so it was n't too bad.Intelligent ISO seemed to work well and there are a lot of `` pre '' settings to choose . As has been mentioned in other reviews , inside photos could be better .
 Fast shutter speed and remarkably smaller fellling -LRB- dimension are only slightly less -RRB- make this a far better camera than the TZ1 which I had previously tried . The various available presets are more than adequate for all shooting conditions I have experienced and the quality of the photos is remarkably good . Shooting at 5MP vs the available 7 provides stunning optical zoom .
 When digital camera shopping - I 'm really picky . I 've tried many Canon compacts , a Fujifilm , and this one . I 've had this camera almost a year . When using Vivid color mode , the outdoor photos are truly fantastic . You really need Vivid color mode -LRB- the standard color mode makes it a bit washed out -RRB- , but that is a really easy setting to set and then voila - you have wonderful photos very easily . I just use the `` i '' setting and leave it at that.I also love the UI . Very easy to use , easy to handle , sturdy camera , easy to navigate the menu system . I love that you can pre-program the two SCN modes on the dial . We went on vacation and I put SCN1 on Landscape and SCN2 on Kids and Pets . I could easily switch between modes on the fly w/out having to go into the menu system . This is awesome.I took this camera to a Wiggles concert and took videos and photos . I was amazed - the photos were actually in focus ! And I was n't near the front either . The videos were good too , except I wish they were saved in AVI format and not MOV . The zoom is also amazing . We were driving through Wyoming and we saw some bighorn sheep way off in the distance . We stopped the car and I zoomed out to the max and took a photo - it was actually quite great ! We were really really surprised at how great the photo was a max zoom.My ONLY complaint - and it is quite big - the indoor photos suck . I mean , they are truly terrible . They are only good if you are just a few feet from your subject . I believe part of the problem is the aggressive Noise Reduction Panasonic included in the camera . I wish I could turn it off . If you are 4 ' or more and want to take a group picture or a picture of people sitting on a couch , or a table , forget it . Even after a year , I ca n't figure it out . I 've tried different color modes , limiting the ISO -LRB- which is what the Panasonic support team suggested -RRB- , trying different flash modes -LRB- they also suggest the slow sync mode -RRB- , different scene modes , different exposure ratings , etc. . Nothing I can find seems to make them acceptable . The best combination I found so far is using the regular Auto mode -LRB- NOT the `` i '' intelligent ISO mode -RRB- , and limiting the ISO to 200 . I 've read the manual , talked to Panasonic -LRB- sent them a photo and they agree it is terrible -RRB- , and nothing seems to make the indoor shots really decent . Maybe other people do n't have this problem , do n't take indoor shots as often , or know something I do n't . Anyway , if you take mostly outdoor shots or shots in really dark places -LRB- like concerts -RRB- , then this is great . If you take most photos in the house , at evening or during the day - you might think twice . This is really too bad as I LOVE the camera otherwise .
 I will complete my review later after more experience with this camera.For now , I just want to give everyone shopping for best price on cameras , including this one . If you see an advertised price lower than Amazon 's , be advised you are likely going to get a refurbished , or worse my experience , they do n't ship but call or email you days later to inform you the camera does not come with either a battery , charger , warranty or all three , then asks if you would like to purchase them . I cancelled order.Read the fine fine print carefully , and even then this did n't help me with a Brooklyn NY based company offering a new camera at a great price . Others posting here have had problems with Brooklyn based camera companies , so , be extra careful.Better yet , buy from Amazon and save yourself delay , headaches , and scams .
 This is a replacement for the same model that was stolen in a mall ... ick!I like everything about it -LRB- with my 2G memory upgrade -RRB- except like many -LRB- all ? -RRB- non-SLR digital cameras , the delay between pushing the shutter button and the actual picture being taken is often painfully long.Much of my picture taking is of my 3yr old twins and unless I pose them -LRB- seldom natural looking -RRB- I ca n't get a clear picture even with the anti-blurr feature in this camera . Worse yet , the LCD window lacks the precision to examine the picture to see if the blurr is there or not -LRB- unless you zoom the window which takes so much time the enjoyment is gone and naturally , the moment has passed for the kid 's activity -RRB- . So , this is NOT a good camera for action shots.I had an SLR film camera for decades and NEVER got blurred shots as often as I get here . I still like the camera but it 's best to stick to still shots unless you like that `` blurred action look '' because that 'll be what you get here .
 The TZ3 is an excellent camera for a casual user . The great features of this camera are 10x Wide Angle Leica lens , full 7mp in any format , size , flexibility , portability and image quality . This is my fifth digital camera . I started with 1MP Kodak , then 2MP Ricoh , then 4MP Canon and Sony . I took a large number of images in every possible setting and finally figure out what works and what does not . This might be one of the reasons why so many people complain about the image quality . My settings are as follows - 9 point focus , AF lamp off , vivid . For outdoors I use Smart ISO limited to 400 or Regular mode limited to 100 . Please note that you must make a decision on EV setting and Flash to get the best picture . But , you will know as you start playing . Indoors is a bit more complicated - I use ISO 100 and 3x2 mode when I am close to the subject and ISO 200 when more distant plus EV +1 ; for dark rooms Smart ISO with EV of -1 works the best . It is true that noise is reduced by loss in image sharpens at ISO above 200 . However , try and make the same take with an older camera and you will find out that image is even worse . Overall , I have worked with cameras that take great indoor images . But , those had a much better flash . I think the only issue with this camera is its very limited flash . To get a proper indoor flash you must remain close to the subject and use 4x3 mode . Flash coverage is uneven in 3x2 or 16x9 modes.The Good :1 . Optical System2 . Size3 . Image Quality4 . Wide Angle Lens -LRB- 4x3 ; 3x2 ; 16x9 modes -RRB- 5 . Battery Life -LRB- awesome -RRB- The Bad :1 . Flash2 . ISO range limited to 400 -LRB- go above and image will suffer -RRB-
 Good Camera - Not great . I was looking for something with a decent zoom in a small package . This has a 10x Zoom but the pictures leave some to be desired . They are nowhere near as good as the photos taken with my Digital SLR . The camera is a great size and would easily fit in a shirt pocket . I thought it would be great not to drag my large camera everywhere . The only issue is the way the lens cover closes - it would not protect the lens in a pocketbook or any bag with other things . The camera still needs to be in a larger cover of some sort which defeats the purpose of the small camera - for my uses.Overall - This is a good size , good weight , nice compact zoom camera - but not as sharp as I would like .
 sporting a 10 optical zoom with image stabiliser and a 28 mm capability this is the ultimate point and shoot in a small package . Noise above 400 iso , and flash power are the only weak points , however the sharp leica lens makes up for these shortcomingsOverall this is the ideal small travel camera .
 When we started looking for a camera I wanted as much zoom as I could get without getting into a bulky camera that would n't fit into a jacket pocket . While the TZ3 is not small enough to slip into your jeans pocket , you can certainly carry it in a jacket pocket or a purse . I considered a couple of 7x optical zoom cameras that were a bit smaller but the reviews on those were mixed whereas the reviews on the TZ3 were consistently good . Panasonic also has the lowest repair rate of the major camera brands.So far I have been extremely pleased with my choice . One thing that I did not even consider before purchasing was the wide angle of the lense . It was n't until I took some test pictures inside with my old digital camera and compared the same shots using the TZ3 that I noticed how much more of the room you could get into the frame with the Panasonic . The zoom range is excellent and the pictures are clear even at full zoom . The on screen menus are easy to navigate and there are fun features like being able to dub audio onto a picture after taking it . The movie mode takes smooth clear movies and does well inside with normal room lighting . The sound quality is decent although the mic does n't pick up sounds across the room very well . The only reason I gave this camera 4 stars instead of 5 is that I think pictures taken inside at fairly close range tend to be a little bright unless you adjust the exposure . But I certainly am no professional photographer so that may just be user error . I just back off the exposure a little and all is fine . Overall I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone wanting a good compact camera with a long zoom . And do n't underestimate the value of having a wider angle lense !
 The camera is great !!! A lot of options , 7.2 Mega Pixel are plenty for high resolution pics !!! And the 10X zoom is really impressive !!!!!!! The only problem is the battery that does n`t least very long ... If you are used to have 3 or 4 day trips in the backcountry it ` s better to buy a second battery ...
 Superb zoom action , easy to use , lots of functions , large viewing screen , digital printout is great .
 Excelente producto , matriceria y terminacion perfecta , sobresalientes prestaciones , muy buen tama & ntilde ; o y una muy buena relacion precio calidad .
 We have many other cameras . Some SLRs both Digital and Film and have also has a few compact ones such as this . We wanted this one because of the 10X and the lens which is made for this one by Lecia.However it will not take the place of our other cameras I do wish it had a view finder not just the current way many makers and this one also of just giving you the big back screen to use as a viewfinder.However we do like this one to add to collection .
 I have taken about 1000 photos with this camera so far and am very pleased with it . I have had no trouble and it is very easy to use . I would recommend this camera .
 The only thing I do n't like is that you ca n't zoom while taking movies , which products like the Canon PowerShot support . Otherwise , everything is great . The 10x optical zoom is fantastic . Get an extra battery though , as you 'll chew through it pretty quickly and want another one to slip in while the first is recharging .
 I love this camera . I bought it over a year and a half about from another website and paid $ 280 . Why is it now $ 500 everywhere I look ? I used this camera all the time , though I have to say it was a bit heavy and not nearly thin enough to keep in my purse.I am highly disappointed with Amazon 's and many other online retailer 's price with this camera . $ 500 is absolutely ridiculous considering I paid almost HALF of that over a year and a half ago . It 's a great camera , I 'll give you that , but I think you can get similar quality with another brand and newer model.I am most disappointed with it 's short life . It worked great while I had it until I had it on my tripod . I knocked it over on the CARPET and it dropped in slow motion . It barely hit the ground and managed to jam the lens in . I did every suggestion online . I even took the camera and lens apart . It wo n't budge . It 's $ 160 to fix so I thought it 'd be the same price to buy a new one . It 's not.My conclusion ? It 's a great camera , but not worth this `` new '' price . The fact that the lens jammed this easily was a shock , and even more of a shock that this camera costs TWICE what I paid for it OVER A YEAR AND A HALF AGO !!!
 I like this camera . It is a good size for storing in a pocket -LRB- big pocket -RRB- or backpack . and the 10x optical zoom is very nice . I wanted a small camera and although I 'd like it to be a little smaller in thickness , I guess to have the 10x zoom it 's got to have some thickness . The pictures look great . The image stabilization works well . I 've not had a blury picture yet . I 've not tried all of the scene options yet but one or two of them did not work like I expected . That could be my fault.Overall a good camera . I 'd prefer to be able to buy disposable batteries for it . I suppose I 'll have to buy an extra rechargeble .
 i love this camera very much . its 10x optical zoom was amazing for its size . lots of useful features . its 3 in . LCD is also very nice .
 Got it for $ 50 bucks of MSRP at Office Depot . Love the 10X optical zoom . Takes great pictures outdoors . Decent indoor pics . Compared to the Canon S-50 that I had before , the speed in writing to memory is superb . Also like the switch to turn the camera on/off -LRB- instead of the clunky lens cover that always breaks on the S50 -RRB- .
 I had a older model Lumix camera at work , and loved it so much that I recently purchased this model for personal use . Now , after a mishap involving Atlantic Ocean saltwater -LRB- it 's not waterproof , trust me -RRB- , I am planning to purchase another one as a replacement.I really apprecate the rechargable battery , wide-angle lens , and its solid , compact design . The controls are simple to use , yet offer enough options for moderately advanced photographers.Word of caution
 WOW !!! I looked FOREVER to find a camera that takes quick pics and high quality . This is actually my first digital camera b/c I could n't find a camera that had a fast enough shutter speed to catch my kids in action . Seriously !!! I DROVE EVERY EMPLOYEE CRAZY trying out every camera they had . Finally , I narrowed down my search to the TZ-3 and have been trying it out for a couple weeks - LOVE IT !!! After looking all over the web and every store - I stole it on Amazon . Got the best deal - with FREE shipping . Saved atleast a 100 bucks ! Big FAN . Thanks !
 I did extensive review through dpreview.com looking specifically for a camera that was a little smaller and lighter than my other camera . This one is small although not the smallest - but it is very easy to hold and shoot with only one hand without dropping or much shake . It also has a very nice stabilization processor which has worked wonders . Very few cameras in this category have the range of zoom that this one does - starts at 28 mm and goes to something over 200 . The macro feature has been great . Outdoor shots have been very good -LRB- especially with `` vivid '' mode turned on -RRB- . I have been disappointed with the graininess of indoor group shots . Not a great party camera but excellent for travel including architecture and wide landscape shots but can still zoom in on wild life and get nice close ups of flowers and critters . A nice range of features . The `` exposure '' button is too prominent - I inadvertently over exposed a big batch of photos . Battery life is only so so - invest in a knock-off battery . I also used the high speed SD card and was very impressed with lack of perceptible lag time when taking shots . All around I definitely recommend it and the price is right - but I wo n't get rid of my other camera either .
 After almost a month of search , observation and soul searching I finally zeroed it on this one . I should say it was a real safe bet . I am truely satisfied with the cam , though initially I was a bit sceptical about Panasonic Lumix models . From the day I started using it , it was juz the thing that I always wanted in a cam . 10X zoom really delivers with awesome picture clarity . You can only bliv if you have one !
 I bought this for travel and as a backup for my bulkier prosumer camera . I 'm still a bit paranoid about the lens cap -LRB- having seen this as one of the few criticisms in other reviews -RRB- , but the camera itself feels very sturdy . In outdoors lighting conditions , I 've had outstanding performance throughout the zoom range . The color and exposure levels in the images are excellent -LRB- read
 My husband got me this camera for my birthday . It is beatiful and takes great pictures . . There is not a long lag time between pictures so do n't miss any important pictures of the kids :-RRB- It is a little heavy and larger than I thought it would be though .
 This camera has the sharpest optics , easy to use and has a 10X OPTICAL ZOOM for gosh sakes ! And it is small too . Just buy it ! Stop comparing , this is the one you want . Exceeds all expectations that anyone could ever have .
 The cam is very nice because of the 10x optical zoom even though the cam is very small and handy . the batteries are very good , i could take about 150 to 200 pictures with a charge -LRB- incl . zooming , switching on/off often -RRB- . Though the cam has a big optical zoom it is ready to take pics after 1 to 2 secs after switching on.One disadvantage is the `` nightmode '' - if there is not enough light the pictures are not very good and the quality could be better . The pictures then get a little bit blurry . But i think this might be common to all cams of this price segment .
 I bought this camera a few weeks ago . I love it ! I got it because we are going to the Masters next week for the practice round & I want to capture all the beauty of the golfcourse . I have been learning the ins and outs of my new camera since I received it - I 've taken over a thousand pictures already - our cats are tired of all the flashes but they still pose when I get the camera out . I just found out on Easter that I am going to be a grandma for the first time !! Wow - more pictures waiting to be taken .
 Camera arrived in short order and is easy to use . I wanted a point and shoot camera which I could whip out of a pocket for those `` spur of the moment '' shots . This works quite well . The 10X zoom lens is quite impressive . Got some great shots at a recent concert . Highly recommend this camera .
 I am a newbie to the digital camera world having a 25 year old professional film camera with both manual and automatic capabilities.This probably is not the easiest camera to learn digital photography but once I got in the manual and did some experimentation I now have it down.From my limited knowledge this a fine device for the price with Leica quality lens . I live in the country on an acreage and have recorded many animals feeding from feeders and one of the sole reasons for the 10X zoom capability . For those who want ultimate light weight and ultra compact size look elsewhere . For me the quality of the lens , 10X zoom capability , and build quality fit my expectations perfectly . I looked at many models before I purchased this one so I did my homework and am very pleased with it thus far .
 This camera exceeded my expectations . The size , the feel in my hands , the lens cover , the color.It takes wonderful photos . The software is so easy to use . Amazing little camera . I love the steady hand feature , for those of us who are shakey when we take photos . The wides screen is great , too.For the price , I do n't think one could go wrong.I fully recommend this camera for the individual who is not out for the most technical camera on the market , yet wants fabulous photos.My only wish is that it had the ability to crop photos on the camera a little more . Seems limited as to what you can do . If anyone out there has some tips , I 'm open to them .
 This camera takes beautiful photos and is surprisingly easy to use , considering its sophistication . It is not as compact as some of the canons or others but it is still easy to carry . If you want a little , pocket size camera for vacation photos or such then you might consider something else . But if you want a very good camera that gives portrait or diagnostic quality photos then this is for you !
 great camera , better than expected , i like the 28 wide angle , very clear shot . very good service.robert
 I bought this camera in July of 2007 and took it with me to Italy and have used it frequently since then . I blew up several pictures of scenery and have them mounted in my office . I 've gotten compliments on the sharpness and colors and I am by no means a professional . This camera has a great lens and takes sharp pictures . The biggest advantage is the portability of the camera coupled with the quality of the lens and zoom . I am sure that pictures taken with a higher end SLR may be technically superior especially where there is motion and or low level lighting . But for taking pictures of people and daylight landscapes this is a great camera and value .
 I asked a knowledgeable friend on one of my ` puter groups what camera she used after I saw some of her fantastic pictures.She told me it was the Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3A . Several others in the group also saw her pictures , and 6 more people ended up ordering one.Everyone of us is thrilled with the quality of the pictures and are extremely glad we bought this terrific camera.I can not say enough about what a great camera it is , and reasonably priced too !
 I purchased the camera because it was the only small one I could find with a 10x zoom and a 28 mm wide angle capability . The other plus that I did n't appreciate until I started using it was how intuitive the controls were .
 Love the large LCD viewing screen . Great quality pictures . It does have advanced features that we have not tried yet , but it is simply enough to use right out of the box.Overall very pleased .
 I owned a Samsung NV-10 before buying a TZ3 . The deciding factor for me was the quality of the video the TZ3 -LRB- please note
 I bought this camera because it had a really good zoom ratio . I have not been disappointed . Feels good in the hand , controls are logical , gaint screen really pops .
 The KHpermedia CD-R is the greatest set if cds yet . Do n't buy any of the other things . Buy this ! It has so much space on their discs , that I 've never run out of room . This item is definitely a MUST BUY ! If you do n't have it , you do n't no what you 're missing !!
 Great amplifier with lots of power . I have three of these . One is five channels , the other two have three channels . Plenty of power . I use two of them to power my 7.1 home theater system in my basement and one other for a 2.1 audio system in the living room . I use them to power my power hunger Magnepan ribbon speakers . Again they are a great amplifiers .
 This memory card is compatible only with devices -LRB- usually cameras -RRB- that can use SDHC , a relatively new high capacity memory card that greatly increases the storage space without changing the size of the card from the maximum 2 GB of regular SD cards . Check your camera/device to make sure you can use this before you spend the money . Otherwise , you 'll have to settle for 2GB of SD memory . This card holds tons of 10MP photos -- my camera lists 2000 photos at 9 megapixels , but I 've never been able to max it out . If you really use a lot of memory , you may want to consider the pricier -LRB- and twice as large -RRB- Toshiba SDHC Memory Card - 16GB . Consumers should shop around for the best price in 8GB SDHC cards since one manufacturer does n't necessary create a better card than another and since prices often change . As long as you stick with known brands and reputable dealers , you should not have any problems . -- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
 Bought this for my mom and she loves it because she never runs out of space ! Excellent deal for what you get .
 I bought thus elsewhere for less than -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks new and it is great . It is sufficiently fast for my needs . I bought it for my SLR camera and it can handle more than enough burst shots for me . Great price . I have used toshiba before and they are great products . Will buy again .
 Excelente producto muy buen precio excelente tiempo de entrega y enmpaque , realmente es igual al que se aprecia en la imagen .
 I liked this scanner so much that I bought a second one . -LRB- Note
 I have a small publishing operation -LRB- Norton Creek Press -RRB- that brings great-but-forgotten books back into print . Sometimes this involves scanning in rare or collectible books that would be damaged if I opened them all the way to make them lie flat on an ordinary scanner . The Plustek Opticbook 3600 lets me scan such books without damaging them.I 've used it hard for a couple of weeks , and I 've been very happy with it . The Abbyy software that comes with the scanner is much better than the stuff I used to use -LRB- scanning in grayscale also seems to help -RRB- , and upgrading to FineReader 9.0 makes it even better.The Digibook software is sort of lame , sometimes hanging after scanning 100 pages or so , but I have n't had any trouble when scanning directly into the Abbyy software . Even when Digibook hangs , nothing is lost , because it saves every scan as a separate bitmap image anyway , even if you tell it not to . Select 'em all and suck 'em into the Abbyy OCR software . No problemo.I find it useful to be able to scan by pushing a button on the scanner , rather than reaching across to the mouse . I can hold the book in position with both hands and hit the button with my thumb.All in all , this scanner would be a bargain for my specialized needs at twice the price , and I 'm very glad I bought it .
 Great scanner for books ONLY ... Do not recommend for documents . No feeder or alignment guides . Big buttons , easy operation . Scanned about 200 + big textbook pages per hour .
 After reading the other reviews , I thought I would give my 2 cents.I could not use the software on my Windows 2003 server , so use it on another computer a Windows XP Pro that I dedicated just for the scanner.I scan large books about 500 pages on average , but I use the quick scan mode and save directly to tif , then edit , crop etc in another photo software and then make into pdf . I have never experienced an error while scanning but ; I noticed that I need to reboot before starting each scan session after the software has been idle for a real long period of time.This is a FAST scanner from comparing it to others . As long as the book is in the perfect condition for scanning -LRB- not falling apart or binding too tight with text close to the spine -RRB- I can scan it in about an hour . Smaller size books , about 6x8 I can scan in about 20 minutes for a couple hundred pages because you can remove it from the glass as it passes the book . I am MORE then happy with the speed.I was going to buy one of these for a gift , but I know he uses Windows Vista and have decided to look elsewhere for him after reading these reviews.Too bad though , because this is a GREAT fast scanner!If it worked well with other operating systems , I can think of at least 3 or 4 people I would buy one for.Great with XP though --
 I work in a office that has four of these , two are 3600s and the others are the Plus . I have used the original 3600 for seven years and it has worked flawlessly . I urge people to read the manual if they complain about slow scanning . I can not turn pages fast enough and the one I use has scanned ten thousand pages in seven years . In our office , we scan each page as graphic file then use Acrobat to assemble as a PDF . The OCR program is crippleware , but you can not expect full OCR for $ 250.00 ! Read the manual , customize the buttons on the scanner and set your preferences for b & W , greyscale and color scanning and you can scan all day as fast as you can turn pages . You can set it to auto descreen , auto rotate and auto OCR . Because of our experience with the 3600 and the 3600 Plus , our organization has purchased several more of these .
 I purchased this item from Amazon and had it in 2 days.Could not be more than pleased with my selection.It scans not only my book but also other articles and sends them in the right format to my pc . Could not be happier .
 I needed a USB to miniUSB cable to connect my Sony HD video camera to my Macbook Pro , since neither the camera nor the Mac came with one . I ordered this item and it arrived quickly , worked perfectly and was very reasonably priced . 5 stars .
 Reliable Media at 4X Compatible with burner 's like BenQ , LG , Dell Etc. . Great DVD
 I did n't really have the money to buy a full out tube amp system and mag-lev turn table with the fine Italian wood speakers . But I had about $ 1500 saved up and spent about a month researching the best system I could find.What I came up with , was these acoustech speakers mated with the appropriate surround , center channel and a woofer ... all powered by a Harman/Kardon AVR335.Holy cow . The sound is really amazing . You have to understand one of the dangers of getting a system this good is that you realize that all your mp3s and burned cds are horrible reproductions.But after dusting off some old Milt Jackson and Dave Brubeck LPs ... wow . You can hear the air being pushed through the saxophone , the warm resonant thud of a tom drum and the internal workings of the piano as the felt keys hit the strings . You can also pick out some of the flaws and on the spot changes made by the engineers during the recording . Simply amazing , it really changes the whole listening experience.After a month , I ventured into a high-end audio store and listened to the 4-5k set ups they had ... They did not have near the clarity or warmth of this little budget system . It all sounded clamped down and confined . The cymbals sounded like truck breaks letting off , not the nice layered shattering sound.Yes this set-up beats the pants off -LRB- sound-wise -RRB- of asimilarly priced bose system . The advantage here , is the bass and mid range do n't even hesitate at loud volumes and the high-end does n't dominate . It is balanced , confident and undistorted .
 I had never heard these speakers play before I ordered them . In fact , I bought them based almost entirely upon reviews written online . Probably not the smartest thing to do , as I am quite fussy when it comes to audio reproduction . Anyway , as I was unpacking one of the HT-75 speakers , I decided to play it against one of my bulky old 12 '' poly 3-ways . Now do n't get me wrong ... the `` old 3-ways '' still sounded pretty good , even after all these years . In fact , I built them myself , then later built a similar pair for a friend , who is still very happy with them . The twelve inch polys can really move some air . But again , they are bulky , homemade , with no grilles , and I was ready for a change.Back to the test . Acoustech on the left , old one on the right . Of course , the first thing most anyone would wonder is `` how are those little 61/2 '' drivers going to compare with a much larger , more convential woofer ? '' -LRB- I was n't too concered about the horn mid-tweeters , as my homemades also have horn tweeters , and I already know how well they work -RRB- So I dug out my Dire Straits CD , `` Brothers In Arms '' and cued up `` Money For Nothing '' . You know how the intro goes ... `` I want my MTV '' ... and then the drums . I thougt this would make a good test because the drum intro packs a tight , hard-hitting mid to low end while shifting back and forth between the speakers . Well , what else can I say but ... WOW ! What a PUNCH ! How can all that bass be coming from those slender -LRB- beautifully and uniquely crafted -RRB- 40 '' high , 9 '' wide by 8 '' deep cabinets ? In fact , the Acoustech speaker sounded identical to the one with the much larger bass driver , except the HT-75 had a little better mid-range response.End result
 I have been a BIC fan for quite some time . An owner of bic V604 tower speakers for several years , I was really interested in the Acoustic line when I saw them . I purchased the center channel ht-65 spring 2005 . I was so impressed with the performance and sound I decided to get the Tower ht-75 's . I am not a consumer who try 's to pass himself off as an audiofile by talking technical jargon . I am just a home theater owner who knows what sounds good and what does n't . -LRB- ... -RRB- Yesterday , I hooked up the ht-75 's up to my theater system and was blown away . I could n't believe the difference a matched set of towers and center speakers made . The sound and clarity on these speakers is amazing . That coupled with the great look and finish . You can not go wrong with these speakers . Do n't look any further , buy these speakers NOW ! You will never find a speaker that sounds better at the price.My surround speakers are currently Klipsch ksb1 .1 's that deliver very good sound but I can not help but wonder what the ht-63 surrounds would contribute , who know 's maybe I will know in the not so distance future.My recommendation , do n't waste time buying piece by piece . Buy this entire system and sit back and enjoy !
 I 'm an audiophile . Unfortunately I 've had to sell off my main high end system . I replaced it with tube equipment that I built . My Class `` A '' tube amp 's only output 22Wattts per channel necessitating a very efficient speaker system . In my research I stumbled upon the Acoustech HT-75 . They were certainly efficient enough and the reviews were good , so I thought , for the price , I 'd try them . Boy , was I shocked . These speakers are terrific . The low and mid frequency reproduction is superior while the high frequency is very extended with a little edge . I 'm comparing these unit 's to speakers that cost at least 10 times more . They are not perfect , but for the price you ca n't go wrong . Especially with tube amp 's . My highest reccomendation !
 HELLO WORLD , I AM A HIGH QUALITY SPEAKER FOR 2 \ 3 'S THE COMPETING PRICE . Anyone who has come into contact with bic knows one thing . Quality and a thin wallet can co-exist . For all you audiofile snobs who think a good system can not be done for under five thousand dollars you are wrong . While buying these speakers on an individual basis is more feasable for budgets and concearned wives , I would personally buy the whole set at once . I did so and found it to be a really satisfying experience . I would also suggest mating this 5.1 or 7.1 system with a yamaha receiver . I have a yamaha rxv 2700 and to be honest plays louder and cleaner than I could ever listen to on a normal basis . What peaple fail to realize is that yamaha has something rare . They have front presence channels . It goes like this . I have the center , and four front channels , two rear surrounds , and two rear center speakers and the 500 watt acoustitec sub . This rounds out to 7.1 with two pressence channels . What does this all equall out to ? It gives you choices . It gives you definition and impact both in music and film . That mated with a samsung 61 inch dlp projection and hd upconverting samsung dvd player , and pc monitor function , which allows me to write this very review from my couch . End product true entertainment media intergration.Surf the net while looking at sports in the pip . The best part of this whole ordeal is I bought this speaker set blind . I never heard this set in person or been exposed to the brand . I like others just read the glowing reviews that are visable from space in lower orbit and followed the trail until they arrived at my doorstepp . If you are in orbit looking for a speaker that will satisfy your taste while fullfilling your eares longing for something that is not just great at covering music or movies , but both you found your landing spot in the land of BIC . Acehighflyer , ps I am not old I am 26 years old , that means I have blown the crap out of this set and they have held without blowing up , I would however assign your frequencies to smooth the transistion from the drivers to the sub .
 For the money , I do n't know if I have heard a better pair of speakers . When listening to music , highs are very clear , but not over-hyped . There is also a considerable amount of low end that comes out of these cabinets . I do have a sub , and would recommend one , but if you do n't have one these speakers can hold there own . I was a little surprised when watching movies though considering they are marketed as cinema speakers . Action scenes and music all sound great , but I have the matching center channel as well and do n't love the way it treats spoken word . Which really has nothing to do with these speakers . But vocals on music sounded great through these speakers , so maybe it is the center channel . I 'm not sure if I love horn loaded cabinets yet or not . The horns sometimes sound a little squashed or compressed , but they still sound very good . I have no problem recommending these speakers to anyone .
 WOW ! If anyone can find a set of speakers that perform like these for the price , let me know . I just hooked mine up last night . I put them thru the '' Saving Private Ryan '' , '' Black hawk Down '' , Slayer `` Raining Blood '' , Iron Maiden Live in Rio , Ramones `` It 's Alive '' and Swinging with Dino -LRB- Dean Martin for you ambitious kids -RRB- test . A + !!!! . Crisp , clear , and absolutely unwavering at about 75 % of 110 watts -LRB- loud enough to make me turn it down due to pain -RRB- there was not a hint of anything , except '' feed me seymour ! '' I am not an audiophile ... or worse . I am your typical over grown `` old school '' metal fan who appreciates thumping bass and grinding , squeeling guitars . These speakers get better the louder you play them . FYI , the speakers that I replaced were a pair of BIC Venturi 's -LRB- 16 years old and still sound great -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong with these , PERIOD , regardless of price . Enjoy !
 I had been researching speakers to put into my home theater -LRB- dedicated room in basement -RRB- when I stumbled upon Acoustech . Frankly , when I heard the name-which I did not recognize , I thought it sounded cheap . WRONG ! I had fallen in love with Klipsch -LRB- sf2 & 3 -RRB- even though they were a little more than I really wanted to invest , I was getting ready to buy . One of the things I did during my research was to dig out the negative things people had to say about all of the products I was interested in and weigh the gripe . I tried for a MONTH to find something negative about the HT 75s-or any of their speakers , and could not . I was going to buy the whole 5.1 system , but went for the HT 75s only so I could do a test drive , since I could not find a local dealer where I could listen to them . They do not disappoint AT ALL . I like them every bit as much as the Klipsch , and they were hundreds of dollars less . I WILL be completing my 5.1 system with the rest of the components and more for other parts of my house . As far as construction-they are very solid and have a beautiful high gloss top . FYI-Acoustech has been around since ' 73 , if it matters to you .
 I really wanted a pair of the highly acclaimed Klipsch speakers , who does n't . Then I found these beauties . Because of the reviews I found here and elsewhere on the web I decided to purchase these towers for my front L&R channels of my surround system . I was sooo impressed I bought the matching center channel as well . Now the front sound stage is all Acoustech and I could n't be happier . They are well made , high quality speakers . The horn tweeters make for a very realistic movie experience . Highly recommended .
 I purchased 3 pairs of these towers and their HT-65 center for use in my Onkyo TX-SR705 7.1 system.THIS IS THE BEST SETUP I HAVE EVER HAD !!!
 I was cautious about purchasing these speakers due to the low price . I must say that they are excellent ! They produce amazing low frequencies even though the woofers are small and the highs are crisp and clear without being overpowering . To top it all off , they even look great ! I highly recommend this set of speakers.-dougl
 Ever since I purchased the Acoustech center channel speaker I wanted to get the HT-75 to match . I finally did . I ordered a pair . They arrived almost immediately . I pulled them out of the box and hooked them up and tested them with some music and they sounded great . I put in a copy of the Kingdom to test it out , and the sound is well balanced between the highs and lows , matched the rest of my home theater speakers .
 The vendor AcousticSounddesign shipped out the tower speakers promptly . The tower speakers -LRB- one in each box -RRB- arrived undamaged , to my relief . These Acoustech HT-75 speakers does n't need that much power to produce decent volume , living up to the `` high-efficiency '' description . The sound coming out is bright , accurate , quick and detailed . For more low end , a sub-woofer is recommended to go with these tower speakers . The construction is on the thin/light side . I suspect that if the huge front port is made any smaller , resonance will form inside due to the light construction . Overall , these speakers look as good as they sound . A good value for sure .
 I 'm not an audiophile , but my first serious stereo rig goes back 25 years . I thought I 'd try these for a conventional stereo set-up , occasionally for media center use.The low end sound performance of the towers is quite good . At low volumes you can still feel the bottom end . I 'm not as impressed as the others with the mid-range and top-end , it seems a tad compressed to me . Like other horned towers I recall the top end seems a little forced and thin . Maybe that would improve with the recommended mid-channel . But , for the price it 's an excellent value , I would n't hesitate to repurchase at this price.Also , got a bad tower-horn in the original shipment . Acoustech sent a new speaker and call tag as soon as they read my email . That is fine service , and quite a relief.For those with older , low powered receivers , , , I have a high powered vintage rig and a modest 20w per side . Fine with both . The towers definitely respond better to a stronger amp , but they do OK with 20w a side . Worth noting they are efficient , as claimed .
 I picked up a set of Acoustech towers to augment my 5.1 setup and am I glad I did ! The horns really delivery a spectacularly clear and live sound that is n't harsh at all . My CD collection is taking on new life and my home theater rocks ! I added the center channel speaker later and it was equally impressive and complements the towers . Not since I bought my first turntable have I been this excited about my home audio . It even inspired me to dip into the world of DVD Audio to revisit some of my favorite albums in surround sound and now I 'm a DVD Audio junkie . Acoustech , it 's all your fault !
 After extensive research , I decided to purchase 3 HT-65 center channel speakers to use as L/R/C -LRB- I already had 2 Klipsh B3 's for L/R and 2 Klipsh B1 's for Surround L/R and 2 12 '' subwoofers . -RRB- My system is now configured with my B3 's about 6 ' L/R of center -LRB- Speaker set A/stereo and main in 5.1 -RRB- and the HT-65 's about 3 ' L/R of center -LRB- Speaker set B/stereo , but not part of 5.1 -RRB- . I run speaker sets A & B in stereo mode . Because they are much newer , the HT-65 's are a bit more bright and crisp than the B3 's , but not at all `` tinny '' . The sound is exceptional , with very accurate , detailed highs , midrange and bass in stereo A , B or AB modes . In 5.1 the HT-65 center fully fills the large 12 ' spread between my B3 's -LRB- but they do not overwhelm the L/R -RRB- . Obviously I have an exceptionally wide soundstage . Because of their design , the HT-65 's must sit horizonally -LRB- about 22 '' wide -RRB- so you need sufficient room to use them the way I have in my 14 ' wide , floor to ceiling home entertainment `` wall '' . Because of their high efficiency , all speakers are easily driven by my Pioneer D509s 5.1 receiver -LRB- 100 watts/channel -RRB- . Your wife will like them too because of their striking , low-profile appearance
 Pros : Great sound reproduction detailed mids , crisp highs and plenty low frequency response.Good looking -LRB- with piano gloss finish -RRB- . Price -LRB- street price around 135 $ -RRB- . Cons : Size -LRB- but how would you pack three 6.5 inch components other way -RRB- . Weight -LRB- about 22 lbs -RRB- . Components looks cheap from the back side but does n't sound cheap by any means.No five-way/bi amping support .
 This center channel speaker has a very crafted high quality appearance . I took the grill off and was impressed by the speakers themselves . I never realized how important a center channel speaker really is . I invested most of my money in the front and surround . I hooked this speaker up and it really filled the void you feel when there is not much activity from the other speakers when you hear dialog from movies . I thought they had good high and mid range . The voices and other center channel output sounded rich and strong . The 61/2 inch woofers are better than I thought they would be based on some other reviews I read .
 I originally purchased the Acoustech HT-65 center speaker based on website reviews only , so needless to say I was nervous that a good speaker could cost so little . I am happy to report that this speaker is excellent . The horn tweeter has convinced me that this is the way to set up a home theater . The voices come through clean yet not over-powering . I was so impressed with the HT-65 center that I have since purchased the HT-75 towers and the HT-63 surrounds . With my existing subwoofer , new Denon receiver and the Acoustech speakers I finally have a home theater to be proud of , thanks Acoustech for providing excellent speakers at a great price .
 This network cable operates within specified parameters . Comes in black and is cut to the proper length . Bottomline it works .
 These are great little cables . And they truly do no snag . So if you like a rats nest less path to whatever your going to network to , these are the ones to go with . Plus they are black , and the kats have yet to chew a hole into them despite the concerted effort .
 I ordered four of these and all of them work great . They have just the right amount of stiffness to neatly lay upon the edge of the floor . The connectors are secure yet simple to squeeze to disengage .
 ordered the 10ft cables even though I needed only 3 feet because the price was better on the longer ones , overstock maybe ? anyway , they work just as you think they would . the only small thing you may want to know is they seem a tiny bit thinner then other patch cables but like i said they work perfectly . I ordered 8 of them , all get the job done .
 When I purchased these , I * thought * that I was buying Cat 6 , but mistakenly ordered Cat 5 instead . As it turned out , I ca n't tell the difference in performance between them and my Cat 6 cables ... guess that is good news for an otherwise brain fart !
 Perfect . It runs under the house from one end to the other . Perfect for networking our two computers with a router .
 VERY VERY fast got to my house faster then what was said . great packaging . i am going to do business with them again and also tell my friends to shop here as well .
 I purchased this item with some reservations . I have no regrets the cable is solid . I have squeeze these clips through some narrow spaces with no problems the anti-snag clips work like a charm it did not hook up on anything . Good item good prices and a great deal .
 I bought these for extending our ethernet connections under a table . They work great and I have n't had any problems .
 Arrived quickly and was just as expected . Easy company to work with and good selection of products . Definitely would do business again ...
 This is a great quality ethernet cable , and presents a great value for your needs . Just make sure the length is correct and you should be good to go .
 The ethernet cable arrived promply in excellent condition . It was securely packages . It is exactly as described , with well-made connectors , and appears to be made of quality materials .
 Good value for an okay cord . It is hard to push the release tab on this cord , but other than that it is a great cord .
 It 's a cable , what you see is what you get . Seems to work perfectly fine , and the connectors are fairly sturdy in design .
 Needed fifty feet of snagless cable to run through the walls and this cable made it , after several tries with bends and kinks , with no apparent damage to the cable ends . The only way to go .
 I regret buying these . They have the cheap ends that are n't entirely hard plastic . Do n't get these if you do n't plan to plug it and forget it .
 Its an ethernet cable , it works , and the clip is protected well from being broken off . Have no complaints and am satisfied with the product/price . Enjoy !
 The 7 ' C2G Cat5E Patch Cable from Cables to Go works just like it 's supposed to and at a nice price also . I would buy them again .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Shipped fasted and fixed up my home network very easily . Nothing special ... Just right .
 Great response time across network and the cable connections were secure and packaged well . Great buy got a great cable .
 I needed a cable that would reach my Blu-Ray player so I could allow it to hook to the internet . This was cheaper and easier than setting up a wireless link . I can now enjoy ALL the benefits my Sony Blu-Ray has to offer !
 I originally ordered the cable directly from Cables to Go , but it was more expensive and they did n't have what I wanted . To my surprise , they had it through amazon for less money . Not sure why it was easier to buy through Amazon but it was .
 I needed a long , cheap cable to connect TiVo to my home network , and this did the trick ! Now I can transfer recorded programs to my computers to view later .
 These CD-R 's -LRB- NOT minidisc 's as stated in the review prior to mine -RRB- have never given me a bit of trouble ; no wasted discs from buffer underruns , etc. `` Mini-spindle '' case fits in many of the same places regular jewel cases fit -LRB- obviously thicker , but height & width are the same as regular cases -RRB- - easy to store .
 I bought two of these packs to record music on my phillips cd recorder . So far I have used 12 of the cds with no problem.They are digital audio as my recorder requires and they play on my car player and discman with no problem . I 'll probably buy more later .
 this is a great holder for you minidiscs its just the right size
 I 've had great success with this drive after purchasing it three weeks ago . I have a small Dell tower with only one 5.25 '' bay , so I decided to go the combo route . It installed with no problems . I 've burned music cd 's from MusicMatch Jukebox and Nero -LRB- the latest version of which recognizes the drive instantly -RRB- , running Windows 98 SE . CD-r 's burn in less than 4 minutes . I 've also used CD-rw 's at 4x , made multisession disks , video cd 's , erased cd-rw 's -- no problems at all . The drive has JustLink coaster protection and an 8 mb buffer , which seem to work very well as I 've not had an error yet . When burning at high speed , the drive makes an irritating high-pitched noise , but it is reasonably quiet otherwise . If you are looking for a near-silent drive , look elsewhere.DVD 's sometimes stutter w/the included PowerDVD , but that is probably because the bundled PowerDVD demands a lot of CPU power and I 've got a PIII 550 . My ATI DVD player demands less processing power and they play fine .
 Extremly reliable drive , good for burning multiple cds and playing dvds . Did n't really cause me a problem . Only problems that existed came from the OS -LRB- windows ME uggh ! -RRB- . So , all in all this is a reliable and worthy purchase at a good cost .
 Any negative reviews about this drive is inaccurate . I 'm not sure if the drive is compatible with Windows 2K , but just because it is n't does n't mean it deserves a 1 star rating . The drive itself works great -LRB- for Win XP Pro -RRB- . Why not just opt for the CD-RW/DVD combo . Its a great deal for what is basically two drives in one and it certainly wo n't generate as much heat as two drives in one computer . Although 32x is n't the max speed you can get , you spend about 15-45 extra seconds burning a CD with a 48x drive-big wow . As for the manufacturer , Samsung is a very reliable and well-known manufacturer . I can assure you that Samsung is not a 2nd rate manufacturer of electronics . They have been in the electronics business for decades . In the past , they sold many of their products under their name in their home nation , Korea , and most of their products were sold under different brands in other countries i.e. USA . It was only until the past several years that Samsung decided to sell under its own name . To make a long story short , Samsung makes great reliable products and an especially reliable CD-RW/DVD drive .
 Item arrived promptly and works fine even though it 's not from Dell . You will get a low ink message from your printer though , but it does n't interfere with the printing .
 Product just as described and works better than expected !!!! Not sure why everyone would not buy remanufactured ink cartridges when they are of this quality ?
 I purchased this item direct from Amazon and it turns out that it is the genuine APC unit . I 've ordered the battery before through Amazon but with another seller and it was unfortunately a third party battery.I would give this 5 stars if APC included a return label for the old battery inside the packaging . Instead , I had to search through their website for the link to print out a return label .
 Product shipped and arrived very quickly , installed perfectly , and was up and running within seconds . I have had no issues with it since . It 's been over a month .
 Product had identical batteries cells to our existing model , installed and has been holding a charge ever since . Excellent product .
 Batteries get tired and forgetful over time , its best to plan their replacement . This replacement is exactly what I needed .
 For those interested in DIY ESL Audio this book must be like hitting the mother load in a field which seems determined to keep out all but the upper crust of technical gurus . It is a plain account of design principles and ideas that fill almost all gaps that an avid DIYer could have , as well as showcasing three proven designs for those on a strict 1 way trip to ESL ownership . Like most , Mr Saunders strong opinions about the field , -LRB- Lovers of magnetic bass in Acoustic Suspension , Infinite Baffle , Bass Reflex and Passive Radiator Encloseures will be downright furious ! -RRB- , but he does make some effort to seperate fact from his own preferences . The book features an overview of electrical theory -LRB- Dust off your high scool text books ! -RRB- , a logical flowchart of design methods which could easily be applied to other fields , discussions of materials and methods , and clear instructional help . A few small gripes . There are no photographs in the book . Although the illustrations are good , a photo of some finished units would be helpfull and photos could replace some of the more vague drawings . -LRB- Many DIYers would like to see a photo of a finished product before committing time and money -RRB- . Curiously the front cover -LRB- Aust.Issue -RRB- does not even feature an ESL , but the design for a magnetic TL enclosure . My final gripe is that the list of compatible parts and manufacturers needs expanding . There is very little use telling someone that the part they need is easily available in downtown NY if the book is published under licence in Aust . -LRB- Publishers Take Note ! -RRB- Gripes aside this book is rightfully seen as the best in its field and is ESSENTIAL for those considering building an E.S.L.
 This book not only teaches you how to design the ultimate sounding electrostatic speaker , but also gives you three ways to do it , using tweeters and woofers as needed.You also learn all about amps , crossovers , transformers , equalizers etc. . And learn all the theory you need to know about woofers and tweeters . All what you are shown is given from an unbiased point of view.This book does need some work on it though . One small complaint is that it has no photo 's . Another is that Appendix A
 I have been using this notebook computer for 6 months and have been extremely happy with its performance . The construction is solid , with a high quality keyboard , and the monitor hinge is sturdy . The notebook does not get hot , and the fan is quiet , though rarely on . The processor is amazingly fast . The screen resolution is exceptionally sharp . The wireless capiblity works very well and easy to set up . It has the usual gadget , including a S-video output , DVD R/W drive , bluetooth , etc. . . too many to list . The notebook is truely portable , with the last battery lasting for about 6 hours . The `` Access IBM '' button is actually very helpful . The only criticism is the price , but I think it is well worth it for the quality . I previously owned a Dell notebook and find that IBM quality a significantly better -LRB- the Dell notebook hinge and back cover cracked open , runs very hot -RRB- . IBM has a standard three-year warranty . I used their `` help line '' and found it to be efficient , courteous , and helpful . In summary , this is a great notebook computer and is well worth the money .
 Fan is robust , works OK , TPM does the job , but definitely is not quiet . Anything that puts load on your CPU will blow up the RPM of the fan and you 'll notice it
 I bought this wall mount and it fits the TV great . The only problem was if you want to tilt the monitor you either need a very long screwdriver or small hands . I was lucky my son was here and he could help me . So far so good and the price was right .
 Great cables for a good price . Very happy with purchase . Always nice to find some cheaper cable options that do a great job without all the expense of the more popular brands .
 I use these in the workplace for workstation connections and patch cables at the switch . They work well , plug in & unplug easily and seem fairly durable . We never re-use cables once used , so this has been an economical solution that performs .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working great . They come in different colors for color coding your connections , which is nice . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 TRIPP LITE AS USUAL PRODUCED A GREAT PRODUCT . LET 'S HOPE THEY KEEP DOING SO . THE SURGE PROTECTOR OPERATES AS ADVERTISED WITH NO PROBLEMS IN USE .
 It is a great product and works fine . I would recommend it to other customers .
 So far so good - only had 2 months , but no problem .
 Shippment was fast . Product works good . Easy to install . Looks great . Price was good . Protecting my computer , printer , monitor , and speakers . Very happy . Thank You ! Will order from again ...
 I had been searching for a replacement under monitor surge protector for quite a while . I like the clean look and space saving configuration of the under monitor placement and this unit certainly fills the bill .
 Excellent , useful , and sleek appearance . I bought this to replace an older but similar Belkin device which ran `` warm '' -LRB- using too much power on idle -RRB- . Along with surge protection , this device allows you to turn on/off printer , monitor , and two auxiliary outlet plugs of your choice -LRB- I use Aux # 1 for my speakers -RRB- . The CPU/computer plug is controlled directly by the Master switch ; there is no `` Computer '' switch on the front of the device . Some people need to keep their computer running all the time -LRB- for remote access , etc. -RRB- , but wish to save power by not running the monitor or printer . Turning the monitor , speakers , and printer on/off is within easy reach on this unit , without having to reach across , over , or under the desk to turn various devices on or off.A nice feature of this unit is the `` always on '' outlet , which remains on even when the master switch is turned off . This is particularly useful if you leave your modem and wireless router on all the time , in order to use wireless devices -LRB- smart phones , laptops , streaming Netflix , etc. -RRB- elsewhere in the home . However , leaving these two devices on consumes 15-20 watts of power at all times . For those who wish to turn off their modem and/or router when their computer is not in use , these devices may be plugged into one of the Auxiliary plugs , so that you can control on/off with the Aux switch.The former Belkin unit lacked an `` always on '' outlet , so in order to leave modem and router on all the time , I had to leave the Master switch on as well . I have only one electrical wall outlet at my computer desk , with the surge protector using one plug and a lamp using the second plug . In order to keep the modem and router on at all times with the Belkin , I had to leave the Master switch and the second Auxiliary switch `` on '' at all times . Eventually the Belkin unit began to run `` warm '' , which means additional idle power was being consumed . The `` always on '' plug allows me to keep the router and modem powered up while leaving the Master switch and the rest of the device powered off , hence no idle power loss.The black color matches the black frames of most modern monitors , and the oval bases seen today on most monitors will easily fit on top of this unit .
 IT IS A REPLACEMENT FOR WHAT I HAD AND WORKS PERFECTLY WAS EASY TO INSTALL AND GIVES ME COMPLETE CONTROL OF EQUIPMENT
 I ordered two of these , and have only used one to date . It 's a bit of over kill on my part , as this is plugged into an UPS , so the surge is n't really an issue for me . But I do like the `` always on '' outlet for I have a router/switch and a UPS controller that stays on all the time , and this allows for them to be connected to the UPS for protection . We have a lot of what we call `` whams '' here , where the power goes off for a second or less and right back on , and it plays hell with the ice maker , garage door opener , etc. . Plan on using the second one in a week or so , and hope it 's as good as the first one , as there has n't been any issues with it at all . Both arrived in good condition , and the one worked just as you 'd expect , out of the box .
 Tripp Lite TMC-6 surge protectorIn 2004 I had been given a similar product which finally gave up the ghost this year . The surge protector saved my entire set of equipment from two near-by lighting strikes which required replacement of my sprinkler system , and my in-house communication system . It also was very welcome in gathering all the wiring into one location and protecting all of them . I used that system until it 's switches wore out and could not find another same system.I found this system at Amazon and purchased one . I am delighted with the new one whch has a better switch system and is reasonably priced.I am comfortable with this one and know it will do the job of protection and the convenience is superb.Very easy to install and keeps it all-together again .
 Great product for a very reasonable price . I wanted to organize all the electrical cords and this unit was the best answer . Everything else on and around the computer is also black , so it blends right in .
 I could not buy one at any of the computer stores . This is not on the top of anyone 's list anymore . I love it because I have everything plugged in and can turn off all appliances I do n't need . This saves money !!
 i have always been in favor of on/off switches under the monitor so i can turn things on and off as i need them . and
 As I type this review the surge protector is setting underneath my monitor . It is much smaller than my previous unit and thus gives me more space on my desk . I like to use one of these to cut my electrical usage and since I live in a rural area to control the electrical current . Actually to be super safe and probably a little bit of overkill I have it hooked to another surge protector . The delivery was in 3 business days and the unit was well sealed . I am happy and will order another unit for my other computer . Good company with good products ...
 Tripp Lite is a line that goes back to the 80 's . It is one of the few that can take a lightening strike . In the past , I and 2 friends had our equipment saved by Tripp Lite when we were hit by lightening . Tripp Lite is the only brand to buy.Greg
 Great power manager , looks good too . It has all the features you will need and in my case it also matches the black on my monitor & PC . It will look great no matter what the color of your equipment . The ability to turn all of your equipment off is important and the always on outlet is a blessing . I liked the first one I bought for my wife 's computer equipment so much that I also replaced my old power unit with one of these . My old unit did n't have an `` always hot '' outlet and I really needed one to make my set up complete . It 's slim and has a fairly small footprint for what it does .
 This is a quality product it seems . I feel confident it will protect my computer and other accesories . Has a good warranty also . Do n't believe you can beat it for the price
 The surge protector works well.It has two lights one the tells you all circuits are working properly and one tells you if there is a wiring fault in the outlet being used . The but is because the outlets in the back are not far enough apart to use ac adapter that all peripherals come with today .
 It works Great !!! Excellent , bought it for my granddaughter , she loves it makes turning stuff on and off easy , thank you
 It replaced the old defective one and fit perfectly in the slot aloted in my computer desk.It controls all my componets with one switch.It was packed double boxed , I recomend it . Great Buy .
 Works great and I feel safe with my hard drives connected to it . If you have external drives this is great to use as you can leave them switched on and turn them off with this unit . No more reaching behind the drive trying to locate a small switch and great for drives with no on / off switch .
 The tripp-lite is exactly what I wanted . Since I still use a desktop computer with a monitor , it is super easy to turn compontents on and off using the tripp-lite . My original under the monitor strip died and I had to search to find this one . Glad I did . Works just the way it should .
 This product helps me keep my power lines from getting tangled . It allows easier access to my lines and it sits nicely on top of my desk . I no longer have to reach under or around the bottom of my desk to turn off the power strip . The appearance of the Tripp Lite blends in with my monitor .
 Got two of these units to replace our `` in-computer-desk '' switches . These work as advertised . Have not taken advantage of the `` always on '' plug ; but , it is there if I needed it .
 Works as advertised . Fits perfectly under my iMac . The switches are all very positive on/off . Definately helped to clean up the black spaghetti behind the computer . Would buy again .
 I have a 12yo Orman-Grubb -LRB- out of biz -RRB- oak corner desk that came with a built-in 2 `` H x 12 `` W power center of 6 individually switched outlets . Since the power center shorted out , I searched high and low , and the Tripp Lite TMC-6 is the only thing that fit in the space.All the outlets are on the back/rear side of the box . It seems to work fine , my plugs all fit in the sockets , although one 15yo plug was a bit of a squeeze . My only complaint is that only 4 of the 6 outlets are individually powered on/off by the front switches . The rear outlet labelled `` COMPUTER '' can only be controlled by the main/Master switch on the front . The 6th rear outlet is always on even if you turn off the Master switch .
 Works great . It has a clean look , unlike typical surge protectors . I like the ability to power up or power down the outlets with one button . I like the abitity to have one plug in with constant power for a fax . Works well under a monitor . With the protector underneath , the monitor is elevated slightly , which raises the center of the screen to an eye level position
 The item is well made . It has an easy to understand hook-up and operation . I would recommend it to friends .
 Searched for this handy item for a long time . Happy when I found it to be affordable . Delvery was immediate , price was good and I 'm delighted I found it . Just what I wanted .
 This is my 2nd such device from Tripp-Lite , and the first one is still working after more than 10 years ! I 've been using the Tripp-Lite TMC-6 for 6 months now and it 's been working perfectly.Here 's why you need one of these : * Protection from power surges - important ! * Wiring continuity -LRB- it tells you if your power wiring is screwy -RRB- * Raises up your monitor a few inches for more comfortable viewing * Easy access to power switches for PC , screen , printer , and 2 auxiliary devices -LRB- i.e. cable modem , speakers -RRB- * One of the 6 AC outlets on the back is ` always-on ' -LRB- un-switched -RRB- for something like your desk lamp.The top can support a monitor base that is 9.5 '' deep and 10 '' wide . It can also support the weight of a 19 '' CRT.Highly recommended !!
 In this day is hard to find this type of surge suppressor in retail store , as soon as I saw it on amazon , I grasp it without think twice , been looking for one to use with all my external enclosure , so I do n't have to reach to the back to turn those thing on & off . everything works fine .
 My reason for replacing a former surge suppressor was the convenience of having a relatively flat horizontal unit that would fit under a monitor , thereby saving space and being more stable than a previous bulky unit.The Tripp Lite TM-6 filled the bill perfectly . I do n't need to know if it has suppressed any surges , but I 'd rather let it do its work quietly in the background.George Christian
 This product is very good as a control center that allows me to start all my aquarium accessories at once . It also has a very convenient feature . One of the plugs in the back is always on and has proven to be very convenient for powering my aquarium filter . It also has a strong case that serves as a stand for my clock radio . It matches my nano aquarium perfectly.I paid for 2-day service and got my product the next day !
 I 've had one of these units for three years and never had a problem with any of the switches breaking . I use it to turn on/off my wireless router since it does n't have its own power switch . I recently bought another one for my mom 's bedroom so that she can turn on/off all of her TV items such as RF modulator , which does n't have its own power switch either.The case is made of plastic and it would be nicer if it was metal . But , this is the only slim surge suppressor I could find in black .
 This is a great product . One switch allows you turn on your computer , monitor , and other accessories at one time . Plus , it 's a surge protector . I 'm very pleased with it .
 Plenty of space for my monitor on top . Does exactly what I want it to do - protect my equipment .
 This TMC Under Monotor Surge protector with 6 outlets meets all my needs and is a well made unit .
 This makes it very easy to manage all the peripherals I need with my computer . It is getting harder to find these under monitor power commanders , and I am really glad you had them .
 Excellent product . Provides four switchable outlets , plus one outlet that is always on . In addition , it is a surge protector for the power line and telephone .
 I bought this to replace an old beige one I had . This works perfectly and looks much better than my old one . I am using all available outlets without a problem .
 I have been using this product now for about a month , and it more than lives up to my expectations . It is easy to use and a real pleasure ,
 I have other Tripp Lite product so my expectations for this Compact Surge Suppressor were high . I was not disappointed . Its compact dimensions of 111/4 '' square by 13/4 '' thick are the perfect size for the pedestal footprint of my new 22 '' Samsung LCD monitor . The push buttons directly below the LED lights make it simple to turn on or off the various switches in a darkened room . The large equipment burn-out policy Tripp Lite supplies with this suppressor is a welcome perk.Amazon got this suppressor to me rapidly and well packaged . I was using it within minutes of receipt and expect it to last for years .
 I purchase this for protection of my equipment . It works great . I control my receiver , Wii , dvd player , TV , and dvr . It is real nice to prevent constant power draw of items . Need to use something just hit the power button . Four devices are controlled by buttons an two are constant power . Would work for desktop computer too .
 I just replaced an old desk mounted -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- with this tripp-lite . It works great and is very stylish . I have just purchased a NEW COMPUTER AND MONITOR AND WANTED A NEW ONE . lOOKS AND WORKS GREAT -- HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I bought this new Tripp Lite surge protector for a new computer . It is very similar to an old one I 've had for twelve years . That one still works but I did n't want to take it for granted any longer . Both that one and this one are `` under monitor '' design . I love having it off the floor . The only weird thing about this one is that the wiring status light is red when illuminated , which means the wiring is OK . I 'm used to red lights being bad signs , so I 'm not sure why Tripp Lite used red for OK .
 ALL THE PLUG IN 'S YOU WILL EVER NEED FOR ALL YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT ; RIGHT UNDER YOUR MONITOR.ONE PLUG IN IS ALWAYS ON , THE OTHER -LRB- 4 -RRB- ARE CONTROLED BY PUSH BUTTONS ON THE FRONT , AND A MASTER WHICH WILL SHUT EVERY THING DOWN , EXCEPT FOR THE ALWAYS ON PLUG IN ; IN THE BACK . INDICATING LIGHTS ON THE FRONT SHOWS WHICH ITEMS ARE ON OR OFF . SURGE PROTECTED AND WIRING RED AND GREEN LIGHTS SHOW THAT THE UNIT IS OPERATING NORMALLY.SURGE PROTECTED FROM STORMS AND ELECTRIC LINE SPIKES .
 The Tripp Lite TMC-6 six outlet surge protector is working as expected . I have had no problems with the unit . I would reccomend this device based on my experience .
 Does exactly what it 's intended to do.Has all the necessary outlets required to power up a computer setup.Very light weight compared to my old 5 + year old surge protector.I also like the outlet that never turns off even when master is turned off , great for my backup internet battery setup .
 The product arrived in good shape and in good time . After installation , it has performed well with no problems . It is doing the job for my needs.Howard
 I have two DAK switch boxes like this , used for about 20 years now ... Wanted another like it . . DAK Not Available now ... But this Tripp Lite is better looking and functions perfectly just as I wished ... Could not be better
 Pros : Bought this item as a replacement for a previous under monitor surge protector.Ample outlets to power up a few computer peripherals.Simple functioning ON/Off buttons for ease of use.Cons : Molded hard plastic casing .
 I have purchased several of these ... more for the convience of being able to turn things on and off -LRB- e.g. , printer , monitor , speakers , etc. . . -RRB- all in one central location . Fortunately I have never needed the surge protective aspect of the product -LRB- although I would expect it to work as advertised , considering the large amount of insurance coverage included -RRB- . The under monitor surge platform also allows the monitor to be several inches higher . Other than that , there is n't much to them .
 This unit looks great and works great . I is very easy to use . I was surprised how light weight it is .
 My old under-monitor power center/surge protector was approx . 15 years old so I thought it was time to replace it and this newer model is smaller -LRB- which is good -RRB- and has everything I need in a power center for my computer equipment . I did a lot of research on surge protectors and this model goes over & above the recommended specs on what is required in a good protector . I would recommend this to everyone .
 Very nice , sleek and slim , fits great under the monitor !!!!!!!!!!!!! it does every thing as advertised , great
 Perfect Product . Great Warranty . Great Construction . Arrived Very Fast . This Is The Fifty I 've Bought . Supports 31-inch HP ZR30w monitor -LRB- and that 's heavy !!! -RRB-
 I was somewhat surprised that the surge protector did not have a designted control switch for the computer . I can not see why this feature was excluded .
 I have three of these units to control the power to my home and work notebook computer systems . I like the ability to have all peripheral devices controlled by an easy to access switch assembly , that also has a moderate amount of surge protection . All three of these are pugged into a UPS that is fed by Tripp-Lite 's ISOBAR4 isolators to provide even more power isolation .
 When my old surge protector died , I purchased this one . it works perfectly ! It is nice to know I still can get a surge protector for an old fossil of a computer .
 I purchased this product after some extra time for a lost shipment . I was pleased at the service they displayed getting a replacement order right out to me . I purchased a similar one over ten years ago and i could only find this one so I thought I would try it out . Believe it or not it was pretty close to what I had spent on the first one . It works great and it is great that you just hit the button labeled the item name and you do not have to run everything at the same time and you do not have to worry they will come on plugged since it is a secure match with a snug fit . I would buy it again . It is a great item with a great price . Would recommend to family and friend and know they would be pleased with it as well . Lets not forget free shipping .
 I wanted this product to make it easier to turn all of my components on and off without having to open or close each one separately and the surge protection is an added bonus.Tripp Lite TMC-6 6-Outlet Under Monitor Surge Protector
 I have owned another `` under-monitor-surge-protector '' made by PC-Concepts for so long , I honestly ca n't remember when I got it . I started looking for another one like it , but as everyone knows , with today 's technology , items are too soon replaced . However , my search led me to check out the Tripp Lite TMC-6 . Other than a plastic case I like it , it does work well , it is a bit slick on top so my laptop slides around on it , but I fixed that , so , all in all I would have to give the Tripp Lite a thumbs up at this point in time .
 I looked high and low for a one switch control for my PC , monitor , DSL modem and stereo amplifier . It also work as a surge protector too .
 Only had the surge protector a couple of weeks , but like it alot . Makes it so easy to justclick the buttons and turn off selected items . Would recommend it for anyone looking for easeof use and a way to reduce electrical use too !
 Our old one finally died . Luckily , I found this one online at Amazon . Fits perfectly inside our desk . The old onereally did protect us during a power surge , unfortunately after that , it was never the same . I recommend this product completely . Have been using it for 2 months and no problems so far .
 The Tripp Lite power controller has a pretty heavy duty surge protector and also lets you switch off/on various components of your computer system , saving the power drain of `` wall warts '' and other energy-hungry parts of your system . It sits under your monitor , out of the way , and is far more usable than power strips with a single on/off switch . The design of the product is clean , unobtrusive , and works very well -LRB- as are the majority of products from this company -RRB- . Amazon shipped it very quickly .
 This protector was delivered as promised and has been an asset to my computer setup . I have used it for a while with absolutely no problems and would buy another one when necessary . The black color was also a plus for me . Definitely recommend .
 I have a piece of equipment that needs resetting -LRB- power down/up -RRB- on occasion . This unit , besides providing surge protection , allows me to reset the item without having to crawl under my desk . Only problem is , I have a laptop and now it sits about 1-1/2 inches higher on my desktop .
 Have had one of these `` power centers '' under my monitor for last 15 years . Hope these last as long.Am not sure if these are the only ones made today because I can not find anyone else selling under monitor surge centers.Regardless of it being `` the only choice '' - it WORKS ! And it looks nice compared to the heavy metal models of 15 years ago .
 This sits under my monitor and provides an up close and easy way to turn on my system . I can selectively turn off parts of the system such as printers and speakers while leaving the computer and monitor in the on state . It also provides additional electrical surge protection which is needed here in Florida with our ligtening storms . Highly recommended , and it is an excellent value .
 These under the monitor type surge protectors are great and I am surprised that there are n't more of them . Why have a rat 's nest of wires hanging in the back of your computer desk ?? This organizes , neatens and allows you to turn off individual components without shutting down everything . In my case , I can shut off my monitor , computer , printer and speakers while allowing the cable modem and router to run for my wife and daughter to access the internet with their laptops . This model replaced an older Surgemaster that I had for 4 years and the reason for the change was due to more power demands by my system and peripherals . This one @ 1850 joules powers my 19 '' LCD , Athlon 4200 + X2 dual core , 512mb Radeon 1950 XT , Antec 580 Watt Power Supply , RAID array , 12 fans , modem , router , desk lamp , Lexmark all in one flatbed printer/scanner , Logitech cordless keyboard and rechargeable laser mouse , Logitech 5.1 surround speakers ... etc. . More power to spare ... ugh , ugh , ugh , MORE POWER !!!!!! Love it !!
 Porduct as advertised , works as intended , protects the computer systems while also providing a convenient method to turn of either the entire system or selected components .
 I got this to replace a very old -LRB- and dying -RRB- under-monitor power box . This one was really the only one that fit my needs . Black , built-in surge suppressor , etc. . Works like a charm.Only complaint is that the master switch controls both the entire unit , and it 's own plug -LRB- would have liked a seperate button -RRB- . Good buy though ! Looks good too .
 I do n't know why it 's so hard to find surge suppressors like this anymore . It 's great to be able to turn each device off and on individually while also being able to turn them all off at the same time . This is especially useful for me because my printer uses a lot of energy even when it is just sitting there . I use this to turn it on when I need it and then turn it back off.I 'd like something like this for my home theater as well , but I 'm not sure I want something this ugly in my living room , and if I have to hide it I know I 'll never use it .
 This purchase was a replacement for another brand that finally died . It 's easy to connect and integrates the power functions of many devices , allowing you to control these devices -LRB- power only -RRB- from this unit . We have experienced several power surges in our area and the unit has protected the devices attached to it . I would recommend the unit to anyone considering desktop-type surge protection or a power center . It also includes modem-fax protection with six -LRB- 6 -RRB- outlet power connections and is rated 1850 Joules .
 THE TRIPP-LITE IS LIKE MY OLD ONE BUT MUCH THINER & SHORTER IN LENGHT.GOOD BUY FOR THE MONEY
 I own two of these . Tripp Lite TMC-6 is the only one I know which offers these features . I would recommend it to all desktop owners .
 Plug in all your devices and get one click turn-on and turn-off plus have a surge protector built-in . This device is great , looks neat , and takes up little room under a monitor . A must have !!
 Along with a few other simple products I bought two of these to go with the two PCs we have in our home . These work great . I 've had absolutely no problems with either . And , getting rid of the phantom electricity waste has saved over $ 20 a month in utilitly bills in my home .
 I had looked and could not find this product at various stores . I wanted to replace a simliar product which stopped working after many years . I like the covenience of being able to control the power to each peripheral without haveing to look under desk . The most important fact is the surge protection .
 Nothing but positives . Smaller than my orginal under monitor surge protector giving me more room for my keyboard . Plenty of outlets on the back . Black color matches my monitor . Even came with a phone cord which I did n't need .
 I really like the convenience of being able to turn all of my components on and off at the same time or individually if I want . I also like having everything protected by the surge protector.I searched all of the stores in my area and could not find one of these . Amazon had the best price.Thank you .
 It can be very frustrating when you want a pc product and can not find it via the usual retail outlets . It appeared that it may have been discontinued , but a friend recommended that I search in Amazon and there it was.I have not bought much from Amazon , but have found them to be a very good source for things that are not easily available via retail outlets .
 This master control works better than any other unit I have tried.it has made using my computer and printer much easier for me .
 I have been looking for an Under monitor surge protector because it makes better control of what your using or not using.I had one before but found i could not locate a new one till i found this one , works great and was a good price .
 This device is old school and build solid . Push button on-off for multiple outlets lets me turn on and off individual devices as needed while not wearing out the flimsy power buttons on my LCD screens .
 I was looking for a surge protector that could be mounted in my TV cabinet with its switches facing the front and its plugs mounted in the rear . This under-monitor device was perfect .
 We bought this because we wanted to be able to put our old records onto discs . It does this very well . It also will put cassettes onto discs , but we have n't tried that yet . It plays records , cassettes , discs , and radio also . It 's a good machine with one exception
 Very nice cabinet , good quality sound from both the unit and the recorded CD . Easy to use and record . One problem with the recorded CD music format is that it is unrecognizable if one wants to make other CD 's . It must be converted to say Mp3 or others and requires additional computer software . Overall , I believe its a great buy
 I ordered the Crosley Songwriter CD Recorder for my mom for Mother 's Day.She has about a million records that we wanted to put on CDs . And I 've got to say that over the last week , I 've recorded about 25 CDs -LRB- and also a few cassette tapes -RRB- , and absolutely love this unit ! Cassettes , records , and CDs all play equally well , as does the radio . My experience with the Crosley has been such that I would n't hesitate to recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased the Crosley CR248 Songwriter CD Recorder to transfer a large number of tapes and records to CDs . It works just as described . I am very happy with its performance . While my experience with it is still limited , I would certainly recommend it to anyone having needs similar to mine .
 This is a top of the line piece of equipment that does everything it claims to do and it does so very , very well indeed ! The equipment looks absolutely beautiful on the stand and receives nothing but compliments from all who see it upon first entering the room . This is one classy number folks !
 Excellent product . This was a Christmas gift for a friend and he is truly enjoying recording all of his records to CD 's and listening to them at his leisure . Excellent quality and extremely easy to use . Do n't have to be electronically savvy to operate , which he is n't . I would recommend this product to everyone who has a record collection . It does n't take up a lot of space and has so many features -- an all-in one unit .
 My dad had been looking for an antique looking record player with the new additions as well and this worked out perfectly . The speakers have a good clear sound even when turned up rather loudly . You can easily record from a record or tape onto the cd . It is well worth what it costs .
 I am pleased with this item . I am still new with it but so far it is okay in my book . Glad they found a way to make items that you could use to put records onto as well as made up cassettes . The only thing now is they need to make a item like this that has a cd recording side as well as a cd player side like they do with cassette dual decks .
 product preforms as expected but volume control is far to low And an extra needle should be supplied
 The sound quality is marginal , due to the cheesy speakers . Some type of dynamic indication of how much disk space is available would be extremely helpful . But generally I am pleased with it since it 's the only one I have .
 The unit arrived promptly and in brand new condition . I found the directions easy to follow . The main reason I got this item was so that I could convert my LPs and tapes to CDs . I was able to do this easily and found the sound quality to be very good .
 This does everything promised ... it 's fault is a visual one . It 's very difficult to read the imprinted words above the buttons on the front panel . I made a small `` cue '' index card that I use to guide my choice ... sorry I know I should be able to memorize them all but just too much stuff stored at this point .
 Arrived in a short time . No damage . The FM Antena wire was missing but a call to the supplier and was received in 3 days , no questions and no charges . The spindle bolt for records was loose and cause nose when running . I would imagine this was caused by the amount of handeling . A self locking nut would cure this problem . I have used it for recording records and tapes and the size makes it easy to use anywhere if you are limited in space . The line in and earphone jack are pluses . The difference between Paprica and Oak has nothing to do with the operation but the difference in price . The price from $ 280.00 to $ 524.00 on the internent made a difference with where I purchase it . There is no software for removing problems with your original records -LRB- scratches , background noise , skiping and etc. -RRB- but I do have them in my CP . I used www.amazon.com for comparing and ordered from Abe 's of Maine -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- If you have an inverter that you could use in your transportation , use a cassette tape recorder for live recording and then record the tape to CD on the spot , it works for me . I 'm sure there are many ways that it can be used because of its size .
 I bought this for my husband , who is the ultimate non-techie . He has been busy copying our cassette collection to CD with very little difficulty . He did have to experiment on the first 1 or 2 CDs , but then got the hang of it . Not much to do except put in the cassette and the CD and push the appropriate buttons . I have n't tried it myself yet , but trust me , if he can do it anyone can . Have not tried the LP transfer yet .
 What a wonderful product to preserve those timeless , precious memories captured on tapes and records . I 'm so glad I bought it ; I ca n't believe I did n't buy it sooner !! It 's a must-have .
 Item arrived much faster than time promised and in excellent condition . Nothing to put together . Performs very well . What fun copying our old albums to CD . Also fun to play some of them again . It fits into our living room nicely , looking like a piece of furniture . For stereo afficianados , the speakers probably would n't be sufficient but you can add on to the unit .
 BEAUTIFUL PIECE , BEAUTIFUL SOUND , AND AMAZING REPRODUCTION OF SOUND AND QUALITY .
 This was given as a gift and it 's so cool I wish I had one too . The recipient of this gift loves it and uses it every day .
 Produces supurb sound quality CD 's from records and tapes -- very easy to use ! Attractive compact unit . Great for anyone who wants to reproduce records and tapes economically . Speedy delivery service . Highly recommend !!
 i do n't know what everyone is complaining about i 've had it for maybe 2 years now i think and so far it works great . Its easy to convert the records to cds . i have had no problems with it .
 I just received the Crosley CD Songwriter recorder this afternoon , and I have already recorded 8 albums . They sound great ! It is so easy to operate . As others have already stated , the speakers are not the greatest , but with earphones the sound is really awesome . I have n't downloaded any of the CD 's into the computer yet for transfer to my MP3 player , but that is a project for tomorrow . If you are on the fence about this one -- I highly recommend it .
 I ca n't believe some of the negative reviews I 've read for the Crosley Songwriter . As I write this -LRB- October 4 , 2009 -RRB- I am listening to Ray Lynch `` No Blue Thing '' CD -LRB- and just listened to Handel 's Water Music -RRB- and the sound quality is superb ! I previously owned a bunch of components ca. 1975 -LRB- Pioneer receiver , Dual turntable , Sony CD player -RRB- so I know good sound when I hear it , and I like my Crosley better . I 've only owned it a few weeks and have not used the recorder yet , so I ca n't speak for the quality there . But everything else works perfectly . The remote is a cinch to use . It 's easy to program and scan CD 's . You can hear the subtle differences in the EQ settings . And my old records sound better than ever - the speeds on the 331/3 and 45 settings are fine -LRB- I have n't played my old 78 's yet -RRB- . My tapes also sound fabulous . Maybe it 's because I bought my unit directly from Crosley . I also got the matching Richmond Entertainment Center cabinet , which is beautiful . My set is in paprika and the color is rich and goes with my decor . Love this product and am recommending it to friends .
 After reading some of the reviews , I was nervous . But the Crosley does what it says it will do with simple directions . Yes , it is noisy when you burn a CD but I can live with it .
 I read many of the reviews prior to purchasing this record player and recorder from Crosley . Yes , the reviews were mixed . However , I considered what exactly the reviewers were looking for in this machine and what they apparently expected . I 'm not an audiophile . I 'm just a regular person who :1 . wanted to be able to play my record albums again , 2 . did n't want to re-buy all those records in CD form , 3 . could n't stand listening to the same 25 CDs at work over and over and over again and 4 . wanted to listen to music I like in my car -LRB- instead of the 3 limited range radios stations there are around here -RRB- . For me , this machine is perfect . It 's easy to make the CDs , it 's compact enough to fit in my small living room , it matches my furniture and I can actually buy replacement needles -LRB- unlike my 1986 Fisher system - impossible to find a new needle -RRB- . No , it does n't blast loudly enough to wake the neighbors . Yes , it 's not inexpensively priced - but I had a couple of Amazon gift certificates so it made it reasonable . I made some CDs for friends and they were amazed at how well the CDs turned out . Whatever reviewer said that received a bad one that `` the knob looked like a dog chewed it '' must 've bought a used one because mine arrived in perfect condition .
 This item works GREAT . Since I purchased the Crosley I have had nothing but pleasure . You get a chance to listen to some of your old LP 's that you have n't heard in a long time . You can copy in a couple of ways -LRB- 1 -RRB- copy track 1 all sides of the album or -LRB- 2 -RRB- copy track for track . Have n't had time to copy from cassette to CD yet . No problems with equipment . If you have a lot of albums you need to get one .
 Great product . Looks wonderfully retro . Looks even better with the matching cabinet . Works well , sounds good . Ca n't say enough to praise this stereo.Very happy to have it .
 Now I can convert my old vinals to C.D. . The recorder works much better than I expecded . Teresa Brewer welcome back .
 Excellent product and just what I was looking for . I love it ! Now I can get all my old cassette tapes and 78 rpm records onto CDs .
 Does a great job of converting vinyl to CD - the sound reproduction is excellent . The CD created sounds just like the original . The ability to play and convert records of all speeds is wonderful as we have an extensive collection going back to the 40s . Easy to use too .
 I would rate this very high and it has been great so far but have n't used the recordings for every song on an album as this feature was n't so easy to use as you have to stop and start every time for each song so we just recorded whole albums at a time and just jump to each side when playing back instead of each song . But it has recorded about 120 so far without a hitch and very easy to use . Lots easier than computer recording ...
 This item was purchased as a gift for a friend / co-worker who was retiring . Had a lot of old , one-of-a-kind albums , and we thought this would be the perfect gift for him . I was concerned because of poor reviews , but found out that the ones manufactured now -LRB- since April 2007 -RRB- are considered ` second generation ' -- more reliable and trouble-free than the earlier ones . The recipient of this one is extremely pleased to be able to put his older , over-played albums in CD format . Easy to use , other than having to insert breaks between songs . I 've listened to a couple of the CDs he 's made , and was surprised at the decent sound quality , especially considering the music source . After talking with him and listening to these CD copies , my fears about this product have been releived . I am now considering buying another one ... for myself .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas , my husband has a huge record collections , he has been busy recording them to cd . The first one we received had a defect , but when I called the company they were so helpfull , and within two day 's we had a new one , they even took care of the shipping charge to send it back . I would not hesitate to buy this again , and I will try to go to this company for anything else their service was excellent .
 Some of the other reviewers of this product were less than happy with the quality of the product , or the sound of phonograph records or other media formats . Well , yeah , it does n't sound all that great compared with other systems ... but the buyer should already have something better for listening . As a recording device , it was pretty good , and that 's why I bought the Crosley ... to transfer old cassettes and records to the CD format for preservation purposes . It worked fine . I thought the design of the front panel was a overly complex and hard to read , but I got used to it . Crosley might have added a VU meter and adjustment to the recorder , but that would have jacked up the cost . All in all , and for the recording purpose , it 's a pretty good tool . The object CD-Rs sound just like the original cassettes and records .
 I purchased one of these mechines for the express reason to re-record LP 's and cassettes to CD foremat . I have a large collection and I do notwant to lose it . There has been no problem with this mechine . The sound is exactly like the source being recorded . I have recorded more than 50 , LP 's or cassettes . I even recorded a few 78 's . You ca n't buy a Christmas , CD recording by Gene Autry .
 This is a great product . I do not understand all of the negative reviews being left here . I got this first and foremost because I wanted a record player . I thought the added feature of transferring an occasional record or tape to compact disc was a great extra feature . Now for all of you audiophile 's out there ... the transfer quality is n't perfect . The hiss and pop sounds that come along with vinyl are still there . I never expected a miracle and did n't think the vinyl to CD transfer would sound like a CD I just bought at the store . Also , tape to CD quality is what I expected - once again not like a store bought CD . The quality , however , is very good with both of these transfers and I was actually surprised at the brightness of the sound . The sound is like one should expect a vinyl or tape transfer to CD . If you want to master the sound , rip the CD to your computer and use another program to do so . Also , the split track feature is excellent . You just have to be conscious of when the song ends so you hit the button at the correct time . Now , another person mentioned that the technology should allow for an automatic split track feature so one would n't have to monitor the machine all the time ; this would be great in a perfect world and I trust that sometime in the future this technology will be available to the average Joe . For a couple hundred dollars I think owners of the Songwriter turntable should be pleased . It does the job well .
 This product does a great job of converting records and cassette tapes to cds . Since i am not an audiophile , I do n't mind the pops and so forth that show up in th cd . after all , is n't that how albums used to sound ?! The touch of a few buttons and you have a cd . I love it !
 I have lots of records and also audio books on cassette . Now I have a device to put them on CD 's . I 'm talking 3 floor to ceiling racks of books on tape . This unit has saved me thousands of dollars for replacements . The recorded CD 's sound good for audio books . The unit looks good on my table too !
 Great piece of equipment . Now I can record the 33 's I could n't find CD 's for .
 I was at a loss as to what to do with our extensive record and cassette collections . I knew that I wanted to put everything on CD , but was unsure as to how to do it until I discovered the Crosley Songwriter.The unit is so easy to use and produces a quality CD . I have absolutely no complaints about it at all.Ordering from Amazon was very quick and easy and I have already recommended them to several of my friends.All I can say is that `` It 's WONDERFUL !!!! ''
 This item works well right out of the box . I bought it to move my album & cassette collections to cd . Very easy to use . The one problem is that if you want each song to be a seperate track , you have to sit and manually close each track . It is very time consuming ! I could do that by ripping the entire side to my computer and manually splitting it there ... but that adds additional time too . The sound is OK but not exceptional . For those who are n't fussy and can move a complete side of an album or cassette without worrying about splitting tracks ... this will work very well .
 The Crosley CR248 Songwriter CD Recorder is an excellent value . It is very easy to operate and use . I have many old records -LRB- 78 's , 331/3 's and 45 's -RRB- and cassette tapes and this machine is exactly what I needed to perserve my collection . Play your record or cassette and press the record button and that 's it . You can stop and restart recording at anytime . You can create your own albums on CD from your single records . The sound is very good for an all-in-one stereo . It is a large , beautiful piece of furniture and you will need to find a table top or record cabinet to place it on . I have really enjoyed this unit . I highly recommend it .
 The first Songwriter delivered to me came in a timely fashion , however it was defective . Its `` function '' button did n't work . Through the website I asked for a replacement which surprisingly arrived IN JUST TWO DAYS , even before I had a chance to package up the defective one for its return . We are very happy with Amazon 's service and their replacement policy . The second Crosley that was sent to us works very well . We are quite happy with it and recommend it to others .
 We bought this because we wanted to be able to put our old records onto CDs and it does this very well . We were very pleased with the sound from the speakers and have this unit sitting in our living room . We listen to the LPs with our friends all the time . Being able to listen to our Lps from the 60 's and 70 's is fantastic . The Crosley CR248 Songwriter is easy to use and looks good . You may find yourself playing your LPs more than recording them , as this gives you the pure enjoyment of the original sounds .
 I am puzzled by the bad reviews on this item . We have one and absolutely adore it . Yes , it sounds better if you route it through your own speakers , but come on , that 's just common sense . The record player itself is great quality and aside from the recording to CD option , we use it all the time just to play and listen to our many LP 's . The cassette player is great too and just as easy to record to CD . I have a lifetime of LP 's and cassettes and this machine has enabled our family to preserve everything on CD . My LP 's are almost all in pristine condition and they play perfectly with no surface noise on this player . Do n't be discouraged by a few angry reviews by customers who either got a defective machine or ca n't figure out how to properly use theirs . This thing is worth every penny .
 i had buy the PDR-M5 tow days ago , and i can give a positive oppinion about it . For 799,95 $ , it 's the best digital camera that you can buy . It 's a real toy ... for adults only ! It 's easy to use , a five year old child could take many good picture , and , if you want something of more professional , the PDR-M5 is for you too , you can realize some very professional picture . I know what i say , i ` am a fashion photographer.try it , it 's a good deal !
 I 've had this camera for a few weeks now . I really like it . It is easy to use for a novice , but has a lot of features for those interested in more than just pointing and shooting . I had no problem hooking it up to my PC and downloading pictures . The software installed and operates smoothly . I download the pictures using the included software , but I like the robust features of my picture editing software -LRB- MS Picture It ! -RRB- so I just reopen the files in that software . The quality of the photos is unbelievable . I think this camera is worth the price .
 This camera takes great outdoor pictures-couldn ' t be happier . However , the flash is pretty much useless after one picture , unless you wait 2 or three minutes . I have printed absolutely fantastic 8.5 x11 inch photos of various outdoor scenes ; can not distinguish from a regular 35mm camera photo !! Some of the photos of active porpoises , whales , etc. at sea . Came out great!I have n't begun to tap all the camera 's capabilities . I bought when camera first came out -LRB- two or so years ago ? -RRB- at a considerably higher price ... . It still works great and I only wish it were a little more compact . The flash problem does n't concern me . Sometimes , depending on lighting conditions , indoor photos can be taken with flash `` off '' and come out fine.Anyway , camera certainly worth price being asked , assuming in good working condition ? `` Macro '' very good , too .
 Yes indeed , this little camera has everything in it -- more or less for some one who not just likes to play around but rather likes to use it for business as well as in a semi-professional way.One tiny problem , the smart-media memory card -LRB- I do n't like smart media at all ! -RRB- or the camera ? is not correctly working -LRB- had this problem with my previous M-4 as well -RRB- , formatting the card when bought new is impossible ! Toshiba will fix this problem I was told . During this time till I get it back I checked other Toshiba cameras , < i.e the M81 - newest model ? and ... the same problem ! Is it Toshiba or the memory card ? If Toshiba then what a shame , because Toshiba is a very good and reliable company in having put very good products on the market till now -- just hope that some one will wake-up in Toshiba and realize this problem ! I got my camera just recently , so I could return it but , why should I get another camera knowing that the M70 ... is actually what I was looking for all the time -- let Toshiba fix the problem !!! -LRB- ... -RRB- Do n't be scared , only a minor problem I guess !? Have made some nice pictures with my M-4 -LRB- ... -RRB- but hope to make even better pictures with my new M-70 , especially with the unlimited movie option .
 I got this camera because I needed something with a flash-sync terminal -LRB- for pro studio flash equipment -RRB- and the ability to attach filters.Filters can not be attached without an adapter though . This definitely seems to be the age of the aftermarket-accessory sell . Why ca n't anyone just thread the lens instead of the `` outer ring ? `` Strangely , this is one of a handful of cameras -LRB- as of late 2001 -RRB- with the ability to use an external flash -LRB- The Olympus C-line only has a proprietary 5-pin terminal , as well as some of the Nikon line . -RRB- There must also be an anti-AA-battery conspiracy throughout the industry , because god-forbid I can find a decent camera using them anymore . Once your Lithium runs out , -LRB- and they do , very quickly , even though the meter says otherwise , -RRB- you are flat out stuck.I read another review where someone complained they picked up a Radio Shack adapter on the road , having left their charger at home , and they claimed it did n't work . That was because the amperage rating of the RS adapter was too low . If you are going to pick up a spare , make sure it can supply at LEAST one amp , because the Toshiba requires two amps . -LRB- the rating is on the label of the Toshiba charger . -RRB- < b > There is a simple and inexpensive way around this , if you need more batttery power
 Beside printing perfect pictures , it is the only digicam that I know of that takes 36 continuous shots at high resolution in one frame . Great for analyzing golf swing or other sports !
 An easy-to-navigate graphic user interface enables everyone from professional photographers to `` digicam '' rookies to be pointing , clicking and downloading images in minutes .
 This camera should satisfy all but high demand users . It can be used out of the box -LRB- after a battery charge -RRB- but I recommend you read the manual to get full use of the camera.I spent about a month checking out many reviews on digital cameras and came to the conclusion that the Toshiba M70 was the best for the money . The only other camera that seemed as or perhaps a bit better was the Olympus 3000/3030 , but they were $ 100 / $ 300 more when the rebate is included . Everything you need is in the box , assuming you have a USB port and run WIN98 or higher . This camera can be used as a point and shoot or in AE or Shutter Priority . Even manual is avbl , but not explained in the well written manual , you must read from the toshiba page of FAQ for how to set this up.I checked out Technical Support ahead of time and they answered their phone in a reasonable amount of time , with only 1 voice mail option . The people on the other end were very helpful even though I had not yet purchased . I called back after the purchase and got the same response.I / ve only had the camera a couple days but have tested it quite a bit and pictures are high quality . Printing on a Canon 620 , the print quality of 5 x 7 was excellent -LRB- supposedly I should be able to print up to 8 x 10 but have not yet tried . -RRB- TIFF is not available but the best quality JPG on the camera gave the high quality pictures I wanted.If you are looking for professional reviews and opinions go to megapixel.net They are one of the best digital camera review sites I have found .
 This is a nice camera with good photo quality . Easy to use - even my `` non-photographer and not interested '' husband is snapping dozens of fantastic shots every day . I take mostly outdoor scenery and this compares in quality to my 35mm Pentax K1000 manual photos . The choice of an uncompressed mode would have been great , but for most photos I ca n't see the need . In fact , the difference between the full -LRB- 2048x1536pixel -RRB- and half -LRB- 1024x768 -RRB- is not noticeable for most photos printed at 8x10 on Epson stylus color 600 . In photos with lots of flat blue sky some slight effects of JPEG compression can be seen - even at 5x7 -LRB- sky looks sl grainy rather than perfectly smooth -RRB- . Also , shooting indoors under incandescent light , my grey cats were brown - easily corrected with photo software , and maybe I need to try different settings on the camera . Also , for some reason the photos print horribly with Adobe Photo Deluxe 3.0 , which probably is more an Adobe problem than a camera problem . The Image Expert software that was shipped with the camera is easy to use and gives great prints . -LRB- An upgrade allowing more neat stuff like `` cloning '' & a panorama feature would be nice . -RRB- Outdoor macro mode gave me some great sharp photos of Mountain Holly berries & leaves and Blue Gentian even with the wind blowing ! What more could I ask ? Well , maybe ... It would be great if the camera came with the lens adapter so you could screw on a UV lens as protection for the main lens , AND a sturdier camera case . I have ordered both -LRB- the adapter is on backorder -RRB- . A 32 or 64 MB smartmedia is also a necessity and an extra battery pack is a good idea . And last , but in my case not least , why are n't there more `` splash resistant '' cameras available ? The only one I found was Kodak DC5000 which unfortunately seems to have some quality control problems -LRB- mine was defective out of the box as was one my son in law purchased around the same time -RRB- . All things considered , the PDR-M70 is a nice , easy to use camera which gives good quality photos and has some whistles that I have n't tried yet -LRB- like video & sound -RRB- .
 I have had the PDR-M70 for a few months now and overall I have been impressed with both its ease of use and picture quality . I take most of my pictures on the smaller size , highest quality setting and have had excellent results , even when enlarging to an 8x10 -LRB- that is if you go to Walgreens and print at the Kodak kiosk -RRB- . The camera is probably the most user-friendly of all the digital I looked at because most of the features you would want to use are set up to be accessible like those on a standard film-containing camera . I have 2 complaints , however , which have prompted me to want to send the camera back because they are significant . First , the battery has an extremely short life , even without the LCD on . Plan on 50 pictures without using the LCD and 15-20 at best if the screen is on . For such a good camera otherwise , how could they ship it with such a bad battery . Second , it can not focus in dim light or at night . I have tried every manual setting possible to get the camera to focus in low light -LRB- i.e. in a house at night with one light on in the room -RRB- and unless you are pointing at the most well-lit subject , the camera will not focus and the image comes out blurry . If you are planning to take pictures at evening parties and you like to point and shoot , this camera probably will not work for you , even in the auto-focus mode . This is very unfortunate because the Nikon Coolpix 990 and Olympus C-3030 -LRB- comparable cameras -RRB- do this well and would be better alternatives .
 My parents got me the Toshiba PDR-M70 for my college graduation . I ca n't say enough good things about it ! I 'd tried out several at university and could never find one I liked . It 's compact , has a great zoom , and the picture quality is incredible ! Even with shooting at half -LRB- as opposed to full -RRB- the quality does not differ much at all . It 's also very easy to use , unlike some other models I 've tried out.One of the niftiest `` extra '' features of this camera is it 's capability to record . avi movies with sound . I 've caught a lot of my friends off-guard with that!The only real complaint I have about it is regarding the software . It wrote over Photoshop as the default to open . jpg files , which is a pain since I use Photoshop to edit . If you have Photoshop -LRB- or any other graphics program -RRB- on your machine , you 'll want to make sure you have the disk handy so you can reinstall it after installing the camera software.A wonderful camera for any photobuff !
 I 've been wanting to write this review since I started using my Toshiba digital camera a month ago now . Having ordered it online , it arrived in no time . I had it out of the box and clicking pics quicker than you can load film into a 35mm camera . Easy setup and simple operation are some key factors to consider when buying a digital camera , and this one fits the bill . I had spent numerous hours researching products online and it came down to two ; one a Sony , and the other the Toshiba.I 've had it for a month now and am still stoked at the performance of the camera . The ease of operation and simpleness makes the camera a pleasure to use . Picture quality is outstanding . The software bundled with the camera is just as easy to use . Connection is through a USB cable , and once connected the computer is 1,2,3 ... to view and edit pics accordingly . The software does some nice fixes , making up for the camera itself . In some photos the camera tends on the `` blue '' side of the spectrum ... . which can be easily adjusted in no time -LRB- with the computer -RRB- ; as you 'd expect from your film developing company anyway.Secondly , crucial to any electronic device is the power source . The lithium battery of the Toshiba is ok ; longer life would be nice , yet it is much better than most . -LRB- A second battery would be a wise investment . -RRB- The battery charges in the camera in about 5 hours . There is an external charger I plan on getting when I do buy the second battery . Charging time is much shorter according to the literature.A third consideration is the shutter speed , the time it takes when you depress the shutter button to the time it takes for the camera to actually take the picture . For the Toshiba it is no longer than it would for a 35mm camera -LRB- A BIG plus when subjects are not always standing still -RRB- . Overall , I am quite pleased with the Toshiba PDRM70 and would recommend it to any shutterbugs without hesitation . Happy clicking ...
 I 've had one of these cameras for several months and I really like it . It takes very high-quality photos . It 's packed with features . It does take some time to learn them all . It also means that until you get all the features down you 'll sometimes take photos at the wrong settings if you venture out of the full automatic mode for the aperture-priority or shutter-speed priority modes . Photographic features like burst mode , automatic bracketing , and exposure compensation work as advertised . It also takes low resolution movies and has a sound recorder that does n't pick up voices well . I took it to Europe without the charger and had it set to minimize use of the battery and got well over 100 photos on a single charge . But the reason I actually chose this camera was that it seemed faster than the others I tried . It starts up very quickly , adjusts itself quickly when you press the shutter half way down , and takes the photo instantly when you press the rest of the way . The few weaknesses it has are an inability to deal with very bright light -LRB- highest f-stop is f8 -RRB- , problems focusing in very low light , and the battery indicator does n't really tell you much - you 'll only get one or two photos between full and empty , but people tell me that 's a problem with all batteries of this type . For those who are having problems with the quality of the photos , I can only say recheck your settings . This little camera can capture amazing photos and packs a photographic wallop .
 The best thing I can say about the M70 is quick . Very fast shutter and picture taking . The prints on Epson 870 are excellent . Most people believe that the M70 has a Canon lense and it 's a dandy . I have used the Canon S20 and the M70 really has much more to offer . The color rendition on M70 is much , much better than S20 . An excellent camera with lots of features . I suspect that people might be skeptical of a camera with the Toshiba imprint instead of Nikon , Canon , etc. . This little guy is a winner . -LRB- Why not 5 stars ? I do n't like some minor things about the M70
 So far I am very happy with the product with some caveats - it is an excellent price for so much functionality . I have been able to successfully connect a HP Scanner to the peripherals port , keep my MS Wireless Multimedia Keyboard , hook-up my Dell Dimension 4300 XP Home PC , my Dell Dimension XPS Gen 4 XP Multimedia Center PC , an HP Pavillion dv9000z Windows Vista Notebook , & a HP Pavillion tx1320us Windows Vista Tablet PC Notebook all at the same time with no issues . The desktops have ATI Video Cards with Intel Processors and the last two have AMD Processors with integrated nVidia GeForce Go 6150 video cards.It does have some limitations just as the other customer reviews stated and instances where you need to do workarounds & reset it which can be a nuisance . For instance , I could n't use my existing mouse -LRB- but I did get to keep my keyboard -RRB- . The IOGEAR Wireless Mouse that comes with this combo contains a wireless charging station which runs on its own power source . I 've found in the past that USB ports in the front of computers do not have enough power sourced to them to run such things as keyboards & mouses or heavier powered hardware while the USB ports on the back of a computer do . I think this same issue applies to this KVM Switch for a Mouse or Keyboard that draw too much power using the designated Mouse & Keyboard ports . It 's all about the power consumption it takes to run them & since the IOGear Mouse Docking Station has its on AC Power that 's what makes it work with the designated front port . Buying this combo , guarantees you 'll have a Mouse & Keyboard compatible & functional with the power being drawn from the front USB KVM ports so that if one or both of your existing ones do n't work you 'll have a back-up plan in using the IOGEAR ones . However , I did n't really like the IOGEAR keyboard because the keys are very scrunched together making it difficult to type . I 'm glad my keyboard worked without issues.Unlike some of the reviews that mentioned the KVM Switch was not compatible with AMD , I was able to successfully function & run AMD Processors & the integrated nVidia video cards with no issues . Again , knowing power consumption problems , I made sure that my Laptops were plugged into a power source . I never tried them without being plugged in.I tried to load the mouse software at some point but never got it to function properly - I need to try again . At this point , I have the scroll wheel but no browser back button default functionality.I also found that you DO NOT WANT TO put two different Computers into a Sleep State -LRB- I do n't know about one Yet -RRB- . While it appeared to function perfectly -LRB- while my old Belkin KVM Switch would not allow -RRB- , it actually freaked both my PC 's out . The Keyboard & Mouse started freaking out - it was like something took over the keyboard & started typing continuously for no reason . I believe it started drawing Power from the PC 's . After shutting down both PC 's eventually and booting up one , the second one would let out a Screach that I 've heard before for power issues & would not bootup . I would shut both down & start the opposite one first , it would repeat the screach on the second PC booted . I followed the Instructions in the booklet to unplug the KVM Power Source , then Unplug Each Desktop PC from their Power Source , then Plug the KVM Power Source back in and then Connect the Power Plug into each PC and then the boot process worked perfectly . It started drawing Power from the KVM instead of my PC 's and everything worked properly . I wo n't make that mistake again - I 'll just have to live with not using Sleep Mode - again , one PC in Sleep Mode might work - I do n't know yet . I have n't wanted to go thru the hassle of resetting the KVM Switch again since getting to the back of the PC 's is no easy feat . The key is to remember that you must literally unplug the power to the back of your PC 's ; simply unplugging the KVM Switch is not going to reset your system.One last note , while the four KVM Cables are klunky - I was able to get mine to stand up in the stand with no issues ... Even with the workarounds , I would recommend this product . This is much less expensive than buying the Belkin equivalent model since you 've got the four cablings . All four can be connected & discconnected , they are not built-in/integrated into the KVM Switch.I hope this info is helpful.note
 Great value!a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r
 What can I say ? You plug it in and it works . No issues whatsoever . Plug it in and it works .
 Patch cables are a dime dozen . This one came fast . The color makes it identifiable if I have to track it downand the price was right .
 This 50ft CAT5e cable works fine in my home theater setup -LRB- Viera Cast streaming -RRB- . It 's flexible enough to wind around various corners of living room . Seems well made . Price was right , shipped quickly with Amazon Prime . It 's not Cat6 but who cares . Most people are n't even using the full 100baseT throughput let alone Gigabit . Cat5e should support Gigabit Ethernet anyway . For my purposes this works , I am happy.UPDATE
 $ 3 for a 25 foot cable , pretty hard to argue with a deal like that . It works and it has snagless boots , so it should stand up to a fair bit of abuse .
 Great product that is of high quality and met my expectations to the fullest . I would recommend the Westcott brand and the efficiency of Amazon was great .
 Awesome product & I got it $ 60 off the normal pricing anywhere else . Westcott has the best reflectors out there !
 I work as an author and seminar/training class instructor . Due to this I travel a lot and am frequently asked to review hardware . I have tested Maxtor , Seagate and these SmartDisk FireLite models . In my opinion , the FireLite is the best external hard drive for those who travel because of its small size and light weight.The drive does not have the shock resistance of the larger cases and this should be kept in mind . You 'll want to be careful with it as evidenced by another review elsewhere related to these devices.My biggest suggestion
 I bought this drive and a Lacie 500 GB at the same time for two-stage backups . I 've been very happy with both drives . As expected , the SmartDisk 80GB unit integrates immediately and seamlessly with my Mac . When I 'm on the road , I use it alone for backup . When at home , I piggyback the Lacie 500 GB off the SmartDisk and back up to them both at about the same time . I do not use the free backup software that came with the SmartDisk , but am sticking with Mac OS X 's simple Backup routine . The combination -LRB- Backup , SmartDisk 80GB and Lacie -RRB- works quite well .
 This thing went to work backing up my system right out of the box . I have a G3 i-Mac running Tiger and there were no problems with either the firewire interface or the BounceBack software that comes pre-installed . I partitioned it right down the middle and now have a perfect automatically updateable , bootable image of my hardrive right on the desktop as well as a seperate 40GB utility storage unit . I did download SuperDuper for use on it instead , which makes backups quick and painless . That process went without a hitch as well . All in all it 's totally turnkey . Of course time will tell about its longevity . Having had it running just a month I 've nothing to contribute on that matter .
 Hands down it is the best hard drive I 've ever purchased , I understand it costs almost twice as much as others out there but because of it 's technology it runs outstandingly faster . for instance it takes me only less than one minute to copy 4 GB of information on to this hard drive and it took me 4 hours to copy to other external hard drives that are half the cost . To me time is money .
 I have had two smartdisk drives for about a year now , and I could n't be happier with them . I have two versions , a FW 800 and FW 400 , and the speed difference is almost negligible unless I 'm doing heavy photo or video editing . I primarily use them to store my aperture library and my aperture photo vault . These flawlessly daisy chain with my 17 '' macbook pro when i want them too , and even play nice when i daisy chain them with my two 500 gb WD My Book Pros.If you have a Mac , there should be no question in your mind about getting these drives , they are remarkable pieces of engineering .
 I bought this External Drive for use with my PowerBook and have never looked back . I have had it for a year now and I use CCC to make a complete clone of my hard drive and it works flawlessly . I was so impressed that I bought a 120GB USB drive for other storage and to help backup my friends computers that are having Windows troubles.It is smaller than the picture leads you to believe and it is fast and reliable . What more would you want from an external drive ...
 The ultimate travel hard drive for your computer . Plug and go-that 's it ! No complaints , ever . I have 2 and even if it gets yanked , it never fails . Oh , yeah , and no external power required !
 if you are a MAC user , firewire is the best and most reliable connection over USB . this is a wonderful device to store and save all data . i use this as a back-up to all my school work and is a work-horse indeed . i can transfer data from my little 4 gig to this in just seconds .
 The product is quick , small , attractive , versitile , and very attractively priced .
 I 've been using it for a few months now , and I 've had no problems . It works great with my two Mac Laptops , and is very fast . The hard drive is small and rugged as well . Highly recommended .
 I 've got the drive for about 10 days but at the first day I realized that I have to spend more $ $ on the power adapter since my laptop only has 1 4-pin 1394 port . You do n't need the power adapter if you have 6-pin 1394 port . They put this info in a very small fine print in a middle of their description . So , be warned . Also , no software for sync or back-up , unlike other WD passport external hard drives or Seagate drives . BTW , the disk inside is Fujitsu . If I can choose again , I will definitely have a second thought.Pros
 excellent hardy well fitting cable for my i pod and small speakers use . fits everywhere almost all plug holes . extends up to 18 '' or 3 ' for adding on speakers , i pod touch hookups , etc. very dependable .
 My parents needed a new battery for their old cordless phone and I could not find the one they needed in the electronic chain stores . Luckily , I found this one online with superfast shipping and at a greatly reduced price .
 simply it 's work and the life of battery is reasonable . i am satisfied and if i need more i will use same source instead of looking in shop .
 The batteries are working great in my cordless phone and I ca n't believe the price!And the speed of delivery was great too !!
 Was a great purchase . Could n't find locally . Amazon to the rescue . Saved more searching trips , more time and price of buying new phone . Really happy with this .
 This battery arrived promptly , was a steal and immediately charged fully within 12 hours and has been holding its charge very well . So far so good
 These discs work just fine on my PC and DVD player . Sometimes I have to erase/format new discs before I can write to them but that 's not a big hassle . Rewrites are n't a problem .
 Great cables for a good price . Very happy with purchase . Always nice to find some cheaper cable options that do a great job without all the expense of the more popular brands .
 I use these in the workplace for workstation connections and patch cables at the switch . They work well , plug in & unplug easily and seem fairly durable . We never re-use cables once used , so this has been an economical solution that performs .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working great . They come in different colors for color coding your connections , which is nice . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 Rack-mountable , 1U , low power consumption -LRB- low heat -RRB- , and support for JUMBO FRAMES make this -- hands down -- the best value for a Gigabit Ethernet switch , even at $ 50 or $ 100 more than the price above.Bought mine about a year ago and it 's been chugging along beautifully ever since . I tested the SMC switch bandwidth against a Linksys consumer-grade GigE switch -LRB- without Jumbo Frames enabled -RRB- , and with 5 different PCs pushing data through -LRB- file copy , FTP , etc. -RRB- at sustained rates , the SMC switch was at least 15 % faster . With Jumbo Frames and sending large files -LRB- ISO images , AVIs , etc. -RRB- , the spread is even higher.I highly recommend the SMC 8505 and 8508 Gigabit Ethernet switches for home or small business use , but you wo n't get any management at this price .
 Very few gigabit switches support jumbo frames . Very few people care . If you do care , you 'll be pleased to know that this switch supports up to 9 KB MTU . However , all machines connected to this switch -LRB- directly , or via other layer 2 switches -RRB- must be configured to use the same MTU . So , most people wo n't & should n't bother with it.Other points in favor of this switch include
 I received my SMC8508T 3/21/2005 . I plugged it in and so far it works like a charm . . It has a metal case to dissipate heat and best of all its quiet -LRB- no fan -RRB- . My home network is now running at Gigabit speed and file transfers are blazing fast .
 For those of you that need a small switch that can support jumbo frames , this -LRB- and it 's 5-port brother , SMC8505T -RRB- are great solutions . I do not know of any other vendor that supports jumbo frames on its smaller switches and some do n't even do it on their larger switches . Also , unlike what a previous reviewer said , you do not have to have all hosts on the switch supporting jumbo frames . When a tcp connection is initiated , they negotiate the mtu . We have found that jumbo frames makes a big difference not only in large rtt -LRB- round trip time -RRB- environments , but also in local file transfers and it also reduces the interrupts on the system . I loaned the switch to a user who had problems with the power supply -LRB- it had been working fine in my area for over a year -RRB- . As it turns out , he did not have it on a surge protected power strip . I called the SMC help number 1-800-SMC-4YOU -LRB- 1-800-762-4968 -RRB- and they explained that the switch was covered under warranty but not the power pack but that they would send out a replacement one for $ 10 . It arrived in a few days -LRB- quicker than they had indicated -RRB- . The switch is now up and running -LRB- and on a surge protected power strip -RRB- .
 I love the metal casing . Every networking kit should be like this , as I &#65533; m tired of fancy plastic cases that then can &#65533; t be stacked along other devices.Oh , did I mention that it supports `` Jumbo Frames '' up to 9k in size ? . I tested it with the Gigabit Linkstation and it was faster than my old Linksys.Read my full review on theinquirer.net.This is the best entry-level gigabit ethernet switch I &#65533; ve found , and gives the biggest bang for the buck .
 I 've had the switch for a few months and it works great . Rack mounting with the supplied ears was easy . I have n't played with the jumbo frames , so I ca n't comment on that but the gig speed is good enough for my soho application . My only real complaint -LRB- if you can even call it that -RRB- is I wish it was black instead of dark gray because it looks weird in the rack with all the other black parts and filler plates .
 I 've owned this switch for awhile . I originally bought it because it could do large block file transfers , but am now using it as the switch between my media center pc and the hdhomerun prime . Works really good . No issues with streaming video . Bought another one -LRB- same model -RRB- and could n't be happier .
 Did a lot of research and this was a top choice - and most importantly there were NO problems with installation - it could not have been smoother - and it works great to !!!
 love it , highly recommend it . has jumbo frame support , rare in this price range .
 This Camcorder offers high value for those needing a casual use camcorder . I find this light-weight cam is well made , delivering decent quality video , and is easy to operate - with both auto and manual modes . It does suffer from the limitations most , if not all , budget 1/6 CCD .68 mp camcorders have . It struggles in low-light -LRB- bumping up the exposure and/or adjusting white balance helps -RRB- , and playback on a high resolution or a big screen monitor with only .68 mp is n't always flattering . Playback on more normal size screens -LRB- like my 27 '' set -RRB- are fine . Outdoors and in regular lighting situations this camera performs very well . Indoor quality suffers without enough light , and I usually use manual mode to improve things.From the couple of other posts , there may be quality control issues . I have none and it seems to be well made . There are other sites with almost universally positive personal reviews , so hopefully JVC has addressed any issues.It only has a firewire -LRB- no USB -RRB- , so PC users must have a firewire port if they want to edit . I use a mac and have no issues using iMovie.Likes
 I bought this in October . I just love it !! It 's so easy to use and packed with features . The fader gives a professional quality look and feel to video footage . The video quality is fine for my needs -LRB- I 'm an amatuer lol -RRB- . The features are easy to access and a breeze to operate . I love the 34X zoom on this thing ! I can stand on one side of the river and snap photos/shoot video in another country without any blur whatsoever . The images are crystal clear!They look as though all subjects are directly in front of me !! Downloading to PC is a breeze with the firewire cable -LRB- seperate purchase -RRB- . If I had one complaint it would be that this model does ` nt have a slot for a memory card but for the price I paid for mine it 's no big loss . It 's lightweight and so sleek looking . It performs relatively well in lower light situations . I 'm very happy with the camcorder ! I would -LRB- and have -RRB- recommend the JVC GRD750 to anyone in the market for a quality MiniDV camcorder . This is a purchase that gives a lot of bang without having to spend a lot of money . Thanks JVC !
 I just love this camcorder . Its very easy to handle and operate . I just recorded my daughters band performance and it turned out just fine . I would recommend this camera to anyone . I also got this camera for only $ 179 at Circuit City that was a steal . I was able to get a bag and 3 tapes for only $ 11.99 on Wal-marts website .
 This camera takes professional quality video . It is so easy to upload if you have a decent graphic card . For the price this is great.This camera has almost zero noise from the motor unlike some canon models.Thanks JVC .
 I really like my new camcorder . It 's easy to use and gives great quality pictures .
 I love this camcorder it was just what I was looking for and a great price
 US Robotics ISA Modem 0460This 56K internal hardware modem can fit into an 8-bit ISA slot . It uses jumpers to set the COM port and the IRQ number . A chart on the back of the card shows the jumper setting for COM 1 , 2 , 3 , or 4 . You can select the IRQ number -LRB- 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , or 7 -RRB- . This provides the most flexibility for computers . But if you remove all the COM jumpers it will become a PNP -LRB- Plug and Play -RRB- modem . This is a Data / Fax modem . It connects over telephone lines to converse with another computer . The Fax capability allows it to send and receive facsimile messages without a separate dedicated fax machine . But a fax machine is better with a dedicated telephone line as it wo n't interfere with voice communications at the same time . It is easier to use for the average person.Internal modems are inserted into the appropriate slot after the power is off and the cover removed . When the Windows operating system starts it will recognize the added hardware . You can either let Windows search for the driver software , or direct it to the floppy drive or folder on your hard drive . The driver -LRB- mdm3com -RRB- for this `` 56K FAX INT '' modem fits on a floppy disk . You will need added software to support sending and receiving faxes on your computer . Some software will handle pages that have been read into the computer via a scanner.This modem can handle the top speed of local telephone lines . If you are further than 3 to 5 miles from the telephone switching station the top speed will probably be lower . Static on the lines can affect transmission speeds . The long wires act as aerials to pick up radio transmissions or electromagnetic disturbances . You may also notice a drop in speed during heavy rains . Thunder and lightning can affect the lines .
 I went ahead and replied to each of the posters that commented on the micro SD expansion size but I decided to write a quick review about it.When I first got the Sansa , I found the menu system quite annoying to use . The buttons and controls all worked excellently but the method of navigation was quite irritating . After google searching , I found a new firmware that would work the the Sansa e200 models . -LSB- ... -RSB- . They have an easier navigation system and their firmware allows you to use up to 32GB micro SD drives , something the original firmware does not . It also has many options for themes , fonts , and other fun items.I 've been using the Sansa with the rockbox mod for about a year now . The Sansa I bought was a refurb and with the rockbox firmware I 've been incredibly happy . I actually found these previous reviews due to looking for a large micro SD card to expand my catalog . I do n't have to be worried about the small expansion space with this firmware . For anyone thinking about getting this , get it . Then upgrade the firmware . If you ca n't upgrade it due to lack of time or knowledge , we all usually have at least one computer geek as a family member or a friend ; -RRB- This product would have gotten a 5 star if it already came with rockbox , but since it did n't and you have to go through the trouble of changing its firmware , it gets 4 stars .
 Well , I dont know my product was used , my mistake I know , but in the future I proceed to read better the items .
 My old Dell Dimension 2400 was barely keeping up with YouTube etc. , and I had recently lost a couple of CRT Monitors to old age , so I began searching for `` fixes . '' -LRB- Other than a whole new machine . -RRB- I bought the maximum 2GB ram my machine could deal with , a new Asus LED flatscreen , -LRB- ASUS ML228H 22-Inch -RRB- and the fastest Nvidia GPU available for my machine . -LRB- Sparkle GeForce 8400GS 512 MB DDR3 PCI -RRB- Obviously , this bumped up my performance a good deal , but not quite as much as I was hoping for . -LRB- YouTube vids were still skipping frames , and HULU videos still required the lower res range to keep them from hanging and skipping . -RRB- I kept contemplating an upgrade CPU chip , but figuring out what my machine could handle was a bit like voodoo . I finally figured out that the Celeron my machine/MOBO came with , was only one of two original options , with the faster one being a Pentium 4 running at 3.06 GHZ . A few reviews kept referring to the 512 KB L2 cache this chip features , with the recommendation that in addition to the higher clock-rate , the larger L2 cache would probably be the most significant upgrade to any Celeron powered machine like mine.Well , I 'm here to report that the information I found was right on the button . This P4 chip was my latest upgrade to my machine , and I do n't care what anybody says about buying a whole new machine instead , I am ecstatic ! For the first time , screens appear instantly , access to my hard drives are immediate , and videos at YouTube and Hulu are beyond belief ! -LRB- Holding rock-steady at 30 fps or 24 with the film stuff . -RRB- Even my barrage of desktop icons flash on the screen in an instant at bootup and log-ons from user to admin . Add all that to the look of my new Asus flatscreen and Nvidia card , and I ca n't imagine needing anything more for quite some time . The big jump in system performance was clearly the P4 chip . It 's still not a `` gaming machine '' in the current sense , but I am a very happy guy with what I have . I mean `` wow man ! '' : - -RRB- This is n't benchmark information I know , but in a practical sense , a new machine for $ 400 to $ 600 and beyond would not be worth it to me . Even upgrading to Windows 7 would be a laborious pain in the rear that I 'm simply not ready for right now . -LRB- Besides , there are still a few IT gurus out there who are still hanging with XP for various reasons . Steve Gibson of grc-dot-com to name one . -RRB- Installation was a breeze , and I was very careful about cleaning off the old thermal paste from my machine , applying a bit of new paste , and inserting the new chip . My machine booted up perfectly the first time , and has been purring along like a fast happy kitten ever since.Considering that the new chip was listed as `` Used , works like new , '' I suppose my experience could have gone much worse , but then again , as far as I know , this new chip has fewer hours on it than my old chip . Either way , I could n't be happier after all the upgrades . So , maybe all this can serve as a guide for any old Dell owners out there . You CAN squeeze 2GB of ram into a 2400 , and upgrade to a P4 HyperThread Northwood core cpu running at 3.06 GHZ . Even the Nvidia card is fairly new on the scene , evidently aimed at the `` older , smaller machine '' market because it 's not a PCI-Express device.All these purchases were made through Amazon at incredibly low prices . -LRB- Everything arrived earlier than expected and in perfect condition . -RRB- The chip I got was
 First one arrived defective but after 1 email seller had a replacement on its way the very next day . After installing , I booted straight to BIOS and the hyperthreading option was automatically added to my PC 's CPU options . System sees it like its a dual core CPU and it flies in my optiplex gx260 .
 We received this as a Christmas gift from several relatives and have been fairly pleased with its overall performance . It takes AA batteries and I 've found that they get chewed up fast if 1 -RRB- you use the LCD screen to take pictures instead of the viewfinder and 2 -RRB- you leave it attached to the computer while in `` transfer '' mode after the pictures have been transfered -LRB- e.g. if you transfer pics and forget to turn it off -RRB- . The recommendation by another user to buy rechargeable batteries is a good one . That 's what we do . When I do the above , using NiMH batteries , the charge lasts quite awhile.In my opinion , the picture quality is very good . ... . I was very surprised , in looking back at older scanned pictures , at the incredible difference in quality and compression . We 've printed some 1792x1200 pictures on 4x6 glossy paper and they really look like photos ! We are currently awaiting professional prints of many of the pictures blown up to 8x10 . For how much we 've used the camera , and the wonderful results , and the price , we are extremely pleased . We 've taken over 1000 pictures in 4 months . I would not be brave enough to take that many in my lifetime with a standard SLR camera.UPDATE 5/13/2002I 'm raising my review to 5 stars . We 've had the camera for over a year now and it 's still our primary camera . This has been an exceptional investment , especially since Smartmedia cards are dirt cheap . At the highest resolution & highest quality , a 64MB memory card holds over 100 pictures . We 've probably taken at least 3000 pictures in the 1 years we 've owned it . All the pictures from last year are archived on 2 CDs . There is another great feature that -- it takes 16 pictures in 4 seconds and displayes all 16 in a grid on one image . I use imaging software to automatically chop them up and splice them into a mini-animation . If I were in the market now , I would probably buy this used , unless the price becomes a little more competitive .
 I am surprised to here some people say they have a problem with this camers . If they do it must be they do n't understand the concrpt of photography . You point and shoot , thats all . A little patients and your home free . I found it very easy to operate and got great pictures . Many were high defenition shots . This is my first digital camera and I think its great . The only thing I wish it had is a ac adapter . Only because it does use a lot of current . But to download is quick . And while at home it would be nice to use a adapter to save the batteries and not have to worry about using them up while working on a program . I recommend this camera highly !
 This camera has been very easy to use and to set up . The picture quality has been excellent and I would highly recommend buying this one . I have noticed that when the camera door is not shut tight enough the battery power will shown none , but a opening and reclosing of the door always seems to restore the battery power . The instructions are easy to read and there are alot of features with this camera !
 Hi
 I think that the PDR-M60 is a great camera for anyone who wants a digital camera without all of the extravagant features . I 've had mine for about a year and i have taken some great pictures with it . The only cons that i have about it is that you have to hold down the button for a few seconds to take a picture and that if you use regular batteries like duracell , and you have the viewing screen on while you are taking pictures , your batteries will quickly run out . But its an all around great camera . Oh and new lenses coming out as well .
 I have this camera now and am very glad that I bought it . I purchased rechargable batteries , and so far I 'm having good luck with them . Also , it is easy to use . It is just like a regular camera , but more fun to see the pictures `` now ! '' I used it to send e-mail pictures , and it works great for that also . All in all , it is working just fine for me with my limited vision . Buy it , you 'll love it ! The instruction manual is on CD , and that 's a problem when your out taking pictures , and need to review a direction or two . Other than that , it 's what I wanted in a digital camera .
 I 've read alot of reviews from other cameras and decided to go with the PDR 60 , one with alittle more pixels just to be safe . I have not taken a bad picture yet.I would invest in at least a 32 MG card to hold more pictures , I bought a 64MG and stopped taking shots at 50 on high resolution.I would also invest in some rechargable batterys , I got about 15 pictures plus downloading with the batterys that came with the camera which is more than the other reviews got.Turning off the camera after each photo and not using the LCD helps alot.Downloading is quick with the USB cable .
 I have nearly two months experience with the product . By now I am very much satisfied with the product . Here are the important features :1 . Need of manual
 I purchased my camera a few weeks ago and rapidly came to realize what other reviewers before me had . Rechargable batteries and a larger smartmedia card are absolutley necessary , but also well worth the few xtra bucks . I could n't find a compareable camera for the same price . Very easy to use with some experimenting . I find the picture quality to be very good at the higher settings . Prints are almost indistinguishable from 35mm photos . I love it more every day . Get yours today , do n't hesitate .
 First and formost , I am a real stickler for good printed manuals which the Toshiba PDR-M60 did not come with . It was extremely basic and only the most mentally challenged users should need to deal with it . On the other hand , the Acrobat PDF manual which was included on the CD is alot more helpful and you should defineatly check that out before trying out any one of the many features this digital camera offers . Also , the digital camera comes shipped with the bare minmums -LRB- couple cables -RRB- and nothing else . Not even a case . The 4 MB SmartMedia card they provide is far too small for any extensive use so plan on purchasing an upgrade soon . Additionally , the included Toshiba software can not compare to what Canon provides with their Digital Elph series.Aside from those quirks , for the most part , this 2.1 megapixel camera delivers . It does n't look or feel `` cheap '' -LRB- Olympus D460 -RRB- and fits * very * nicely in your hands . Not too big -LRB- Kodak -RRB- , not too small -LRB- Elph -RRB- , not too rugged or too delicate looking -LRB- Sony -RRB- - the shape is just right . Holding the M60 will soon become 2nd nature . The picture quality , when you properly configure and manipulate its simple AF feature , is fantastic and no one has any right to complain here . The simple point and shoot concept will appeal to casual users such as myself.One major drawback to the M60 is its relatively short battery life . Unlike Sony 's or Olympus ' offerings , your limited to just using 4 AA batteries . The LCD , multi-shot , and playback mode sucks these suckers dry before you even fill up the 4 MB SmartMedia card . Be sure to have alot of spare batteries available.All in all , M60 , for its price , is a good deal but you * may * want to consider looking at other cameras if you plan on using this extensively .
 I bought this camera refurbished and let me tell you it works GREAT !!! You have to get NiMh batteries . They lasted me over 4 days of taking pictures on vacation . The camera has been sitting for over a week and the batteries are still good . The only other thing you need to get is a higher capacity memory card 32Mb or 64Mb . You can take plenty of pictures at the BEST resolution . -LRB- about 1meg/pic . -RRB- I printed my pictures at home on a Epson Stylus Photo 870 and you ca n't tell them appart from 35mm pictures . Plus you only print the good ones , you crop out unwanted items and you can do digital editing!The only problem I could find was the lower left corner of the view finder was blocked by the lens frame . It is a tiny portion of the window and it dos n't effect the pictures.The camera fits great in your hand and the quality is excellent.Buy it , you will love it .
 I bought my camera and used up my batteries in minutes . I then went out and bought two sets of NiMh and a charger . Also , a 32mb Smart media card . I was disappointed that my USB controller wo n't recognize the camera so I had to buy a flashpath adapter . The additional items I needed ran the cost up by approx . $ ... . I still do n't have an AC adapter . There is a battery pack that last 5 hours with the LCD display being on for the whole time . Buy it from ... After all of the additional expenses , I used the camera and was really delighted with the results . It is very easy to use and I do n't mind having the manual on disk . I also can get up to 450 shots on the 32mb memory . I think I will only use the full , fine setting if I want enlargments . I currently load the pictures I take into the computer then use my CD writer and FlipAlbum software to create an album on CD . It works great . Try it .
 I bought a Toshiba PDR-M60 three days ago . At first I was disappointed because I used 12 batteries in half a day , including the alkaline batteries that are supplied but are pretty much useless . The instruction manual is so brief that it provides only the most basic information , but the 322 page manual that comes with the installation of the software is much more helpful . You just need time to read it . On the second day I went back to the store where I purchased the camera and picked up a larger capacity Smart Card , a recharger and some rechargable batteries . Although the store carried the camera , it did not carry an adapter for it so I am still looking . I would advise purchasing all of these products at the same time as you get the camera . It will save a lot of headaches and a lot money in spent batteries .
 The first m60 I bought was defective right out of the box . Would not save pictures on the 4mb card and flash never worked once . Also AF was not working . Took it back and got another one -LRB- same store different location -RRB- and got the 2 year extended warr . Was a little scared about getting a second one but I like the feel and design on the m60 . Second one works great . You have to buy NI-MH AA batteries for it . I am having very good luck with the rechargables . Lasting pretty long time . Picture quality is great . I use 800X600 res . -LRB- can do double that if you want but only 3 pictures will fit on 4mb card :-LRB- -RRB- and print on a HP 882c printer . Looks VERY good ! Camera has built in lens cap , bonus . Has a lot of pretty advanced features for the price . -LRB- manual setting mode , macro , slow shot ... -RRB- From reading other reviews , I think 50 % of these m60 's made are crap and the other 50 % are ok . If your lucky to get a `` working '' model , deff . worth the money . Great camera for someone who wants a great picture and easy to use .
 I had no problems with these dvd 's . If anyone has problems I suggest that they check for any firmware updates or maybe even some hardware updates .
 These disks are make in Japan . Quality is superb . Give it a try .
 Got batteries ? The price is right because hearing aids eat battery life like a vacuum sucks up dirt . Excellent value .
 My old Netgear would drop me down to 100Mbps sometimes , but not this one . I really like the solid construction of it , too.UPDATE -LRB- 1/22/11 -RRB-
 I am buying a replacement due to some electrical surge that took out my current 8505T switch.Shipping is slow with Amazon ... but you get used to it.I ordered 2-day shipping from Amazon , and ordered another product from another company with standard shipping , and both will arrive the same day , 3 days after ordering .
 Wide sweet spot . Many settings to fiddle with . Hearing fluctuates , having said that I have learned them . Content . Any monitor can be ` good ' so long as you learn it . Limitations and boosts as well as her favorite color -LRB- s -RRB- . Before I explore this horrible metaphor any further , I would like to just say ... Spend time listening to her and getting to know her faint subtleties -LRB- not to mention as I mention it beyond this word , would be that of the ` sweet spot ' and would take better refrain than I could pretend to bulge . So it bulges ... -RRB- Only then will she bloom with the heavenly boom of all that is infinitely holy in sound clarity . Now your source material is a whole different matter . Crap sounds remarkably ... still like crap . No matter the reference monitor . Stop reading and go listen to something . Ha ! Take that all you book hawkers ! Telling me to go read some unnamed book
 Excellent in every way
 There 's nothing but good things to say for this extension ... Hooked it up and tested it right away , It works perfect .
 It works perfectly ! it 's definitely a bargain . I used this cable in conjunction with composite audio converter cable to extend it 's reach . I have no complaints whatsoever .
 Bought for my husband 's camera . He can run on this battery for days taking pictures before he charges it and he takes alot of pictures . He charges it overnight and it is ready to go again.I would definitely buy from this seller again if we needed to replace it for any reason .
 Received battery and charged right away . Charged quite fast . Has been the camera sinces that day and still holding a charge . I 'm very happy with battery ! Thank you ; leonard
 If your burner supports the discs and your firmware is up to date then these will create quality burns . I have burned about 50 of them so far on a Pioneer 106D burner with updated firmware and they are flawless .
 Great cables for a good price . Very happy with purchase . Always nice to find some cheaper cable options that do a great job without all the expense of the more popular brands .
 I use these in the workplace for workstation connections and patch cables at the switch . They work well , plug in & unplug easily and seem fairly durable . We never re-use cables once used , so this has been an economical solution that performs .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working great . They come in different colors for color coding your connections , which is nice . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 The 7 ' C2G Cat5E Patch Cable from Cables to Go works just like it 's supposed to and at a nice price also . I would buy them again .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Shipped fasted and fixed up my home network very easily . Nothing special ... Just right .
 Great response time across network and the cable connections were secure and packaged well . Great buy got a great cable .
 I needed a cable that would reach my Blu-Ray player so I could allow it to hook to the internet . This was cheaper and easier than setting up a wireless link . I can now enjoy ALL the benefits my Sony Blu-Ray has to offer !
 I originally ordered the cable directly from Cables to Go , but it was more expensive and they did n't have what I wanted . To my surprise , they had it through amazon for less money . Not sure why it was easier to buy through Amazon but it was .
 I needed a long , cheap cable to connect TiVo to my home network , and this did the trick ! Now I can transfer recorded programs to my computers to view later .
 I have 4 wires running through this product and it works just fine . If I had any more I think it might pop open .
 I want to say that the cable was fine , but Cables To Go are a great group of folks.I have been buying from them when I need pc related cables and their quality and customer service is a-one hands down.Recommended
 For those that own Creative Zen and Creative Zen W media players , you are probably already using them for more than just music . What this adapter allows you to do is add to your collection of pictures on the fly ! That way you can transfer pictures from your digital camera memory sticks and cards . Then you can use your media player to review and show off your new pictures!The other use for this adapter is housing additional audio or video files to be transferred if needed . Most people do n't have enough files to make this necessary , but some of us do . : -RRB- This card adaptor has a compact flash male end . The adapter accepts a variety of cards on the input side , including
 This is a wonderful way to backup your digital pics while you 're on vacation . Pop in the memory card , follow the on screen directions and you have a backup to your memory card.it 's a great device and part of what i carry with me on vacation
 The seller was the only person on the Amazon.com market place willing to ship to Canada . the creative website had this part as out of stock and since they are n't selling the vision w anymore my options were limited . Too bad more of the sellers on the market place are n't willing to sell and ship to canada .
 Este adeptador me ha permitido tranferir fotos desde cualquier tipo de tarjeta flash -LRB- SD , MMC , TransFlash1 , Memory Stick , Memory Stick PRO , xD -RRB- , no s&oacute;lo a mi Zen W , sino a cualquier dispositivo compatible con compact flash .
 This was a great purchase . My first telescope . I 've been looking to buy one for years , but couldnt find an affordable , yet , powerful telescope . This was the one . Controls are manual , but for any novice , the training is necessary . Will probably play around with this for a few months and consider buying additional lenses and filters .
 I have gotten it for a month . I 'm very happy about it . It came with several upgrades , -LRB- 1 -RRB- it was 0.996 inch eyepiece , now 1.25 inch , -LRB- 2 -RRB- new aluminum tripod , not hardwood tripod , -LRB- 3 -RRB- Amazon shipped it as next-day dilivery.It 's easy to assemble , but you have to balance the tube itself , then balance it with counter-weight . A beginner and/or intermediate astronomer should knows it . I do n't see any problem . Do n't lock those nuts when you move/transport it , a beginner and/or intermediate astronomer should knows it too . Not heavy , it 's only a 4.5-inch.H type or SR type eyepiece is cheap , but you got 3 eyepieces . The similar products from Celestron only provide H20 only . The 3x borlow is not necessary when you have 3 eyepieces , H20 , H12 , SR4 . The pratical limit for a 4.5-inch is 225x , just about the SR4 . You wo n't gain any to use the borlow with SR4 , except you could use it at daytime for a upside down image . The 675x is just an advertisement , I knew it before I bought it.I have used it to watch Moon , Jupiter , Mars inside the city limit of San Antonio , Texas durring sunsetting . The optic is good , or I should say it is what it should be . H type or SR type has short eye relief , but the image is clear and bright . When I used SR4 , 225x , the image wobbled while I was adjusting focus . You have to let the planet image out , then 10 seconds late , it will be in the center and no shake at all . -LRB- Remember , you have a equatorial mount . -RRB- If you use H20 or H12 , the focusing-wobble is not a problem . The view finder is relatively too small , its eye relief is short too.Amazon sold it at $ 100 -LRB- plus $ 20 S&H ;-RRB- , I think that it is a very good price-value .
 I have used the iPad since the initial launch and absolutely love it . My main gripe has been the need to constantly clean the screen . I initially bought one of the mini stylus to try out and have since ordered a couple more for co workers . The quality is very good and the plug that fits the headphone port is perfect.My only disclaimer is that I use it as a pointer . I 'm not trying to do handwriting or drawing on the iPad . It may be fine for those applications but that 's not my thing . Like the iPad it is a simple design that just works .
 Length :
 Nice tool to have . Very compact but quite small , like writing with a short , shaved down pencil . Still it 's a good tool .
 I gave one of these to my father -LRB- 70 -RRB- so he could let my sister -LRB- 35 -RRB- and mother -LRB- 67 -RRB- try it out on their EVO Shift phones from Sprint . About 4 months later he called me up and said he wanted 2 more ordered because he wanted to keep it for himself but both my sister and my mother also wanted it . He said it is helpful for entering information on his phone because his fingers are `` large and dry '' and sometimes his phone does n't seem to know he 's trying to touch things on the screen . I saw a review about it not working with the Nook Color however my mother uses hers with her Nook Color as well as her phone . She has reported no issues with it not working with her Nook . I have one and it works fine on my phone and iPad . The mini size is good for keeping it with us when we are not at home . I keep mine tucked into the case and very seldom use the ear phone port attachment . My mother and sister use the ear phone port attachment to keep it with their phones when their phones are stowed in their purses .
 Very lightweight and compact . Seems to be made well . Works great on my Thunderbolt . Boxwave is my favorite stylus brand .
 This s a well built stylus that helps keep your screen clean . However , have to agree with one of the other reviewers , the cord should have been elastic . You have to take it out of the hole on top to use it . I have used it on both am iPhone and iPad .
 A very solid , high quality stylus . Durable , compact , and a very good price . I have used three other similar products and this is one of the best in terms of value and quality . If you want a compact tool , this is a great choice !
 This stylus was a little smaller than I expected but I love the Boxwave stylus ' . I use the larger one for my iPad , gave the mini to my mom for her iPhone .
 My daughter is using it for her iPad . She likes it but says that the rubber bands on it come off easily . It is definitely meant for people with small fingers . She likes how the mini stylus clicks to the iPad so she does not lose it . Overall she is definitely recommending the product to other people . It 's just another cool toy for your iPad .
 as advertised . helps greatly with touching Ipad screen where you want it to be touched .
 This is my first experience with a fixed screen for home theater . As such my issue may be more general than I know.The PROSThe screen was easy to put together and easy to mount . The picture looks fine -LRB- but then I assume that 's more the projector vs the screen - Epson 8500UB . -RRB- I was told by an installer to make sure you get one with the velvet on the frame and this has it . One reviewer said the velvet can `` mark '' easily and I can testify to that . The acoustical transparency appears to fine - I have my center channel mounted in-wall directly behind the screen.The CONSThe frame connects in the middle of each run . And the screen inserts in the groove in the back of the frame . In order to pull the screen straight it has to be tight . When it is pulled tight the connection pulls in . This creates a slight , visible indent on either side -LRB- the top and bottom are solved by the mount . -RRB- This makes the velvet critical . No one has commented on this - I think I am the only one that sees it .
 Used this screen with a Mitsubishi HC1500 in a light controlled room . My wife said it looked fine without a screen when I first fired up the projector , luckily I had just put this screen together , so I hung it up while she stood there , and she immediately agreed that it looked much better with the screen.Need to be careful when installing it , the velvet covering over the frame is delicate.I was having hard time trying to understand if this was a good screen , so if you 're on the fence for a fixed screen , this works fine and looks OK once installed as insructed , given the 8 piece frame .
 This is a basic , unity gain , white , acoustically transparent fixed screen . If that is what you want , there is no reason not to get this.But the question is , is this what you want ? It was certainly what I wanted.Unity gain
 I usually write long detailed reviews but on this one I am going to keep it real simple . I was looking for the lowest cost fixed screen I could buy and came across this screen . I saw some mention of it at avsforums and those with it seemed pleased . I ordered it and assembled it very easily with just one person . It has been my main theater screen since and I have had absolutely no problems . It is SO much better than the pull down screens I have had in the past , no creases or waves in this one at all.I read that the early versions had problems with the frames , but that was fixed awhile back , I had no issues with the frame . For a bang for the bug fixed screen , this is the one .
 This is a great screen . Fits my space perfectly . I did have to manually sew on two of the corner Velcro straps as they fell off the screen during stretching.Other than that , install was a breeze . I love the how the mounts that come with it allow it to slide horizontally against the wall to get the perfect position .
 excellent price for such a magnificent inverter . i recommend this inverter , as genuine . it works well , and works cool . i use it daily , still working fine .
 Great Power Inverter ; it runs continuous with no problems and Its always loaded . this unit has many safety features that will trigger the unit into fault if there is a problem , That might be the issue with the previus users . I had to for 2 month now running strong .
 i have had this inverter for almost three months now . it has worked very well . i can run my 6,000 BTU air conditioner off of it with no problem but it wont start my 10,000 it tries but it does n't quite have enough power but maybe that 's cause i am running it off of my small 110 amp hour Never Start battery . i can run a small toaster oven , a Circular Saw or my friends 64 '' TV all with no problem . the fans adjust to its temperature so they do n't always run when its cool and they are not that loud . i am using # 2 GA copper wire with this . unfortunately this wont run my APC Battery Backups as the power is n't clean enough to transfer over on to it but that 's not a big deal as that 's not what i intended it for when i got it .
 This does what it is supposed to do , it color codes your wires to make installation easier for the do it yourself people .
 My collection of GoPro accessories was beginning to grow along with its value and I was looking for a case that would keep everything safe . After comparing hard shell and soft shell cases I settled on this one . Some people say that its too small for dslrs but not for GoPro 's . This bag keeps everything safe and the built in rain cover has come in handy more than once . I would advise any GoPro user who is looking for a solid case for the price to buy this one . Here is the list of things that I fit in this bag.GoPro Hero 2waterproof shellskeleton shellsuction cup mounttelescoping pole camtripod mounthandlebar mountmounting accessories3M mounting platesropeextra batterylense cleaner
 This is a great bag to store a camera . It holds an extra lense as well . Would clearly recommend people buying this bag .
 This is quite a good design , the water proof surface is good for outdoor , however the carrying strap sometimes is too long for short people .
 I borrowed this camera case from my twin sister for my trip to Alaska . The camera was very easily accessable with the top zipper . I loved it so much I bought one !
 got the bag for my husband for Father 's Day for his new camera . he really likes it and it was just in time for our vacation
 The large flap which covers the big outside pocket but NOT the main compartment is large and full of stiffeners but does n't zip to even allow as much as some microfiber cleaning cloth . The unzippered neoprene side pocket is also only on one side . The front of the pocket compartment folds down and also opens from the bottom and is where the little raincoat for the bag is . It offers some extra cushioning of your memory cards and batteries , I suppose . Is the little raincoat really needed ? How about a little umbrella , LowePro ? The main compartment is large enough for the Rebel XTi with the kit lens and the 70-300 zoom , and a Powershot S2 . A Panasonic FX01 fits in the pocket . There is enough room for all the memory cards and batteries . Why is it so hard to find a decent mid sized bag?Update
 Soon after I bought my Canon T2i I picked this up . The bag flap in the stock picture is a little deceiving . The `` flap '' actually covers a front-zipper pocket that now holds my battery charger and AC cable -LRB- a snug fit , and not too tight with the items stuffed in there -RRB- . The main compartment , where the camera is actually stored , is opened via zipper at the very top.For a Canon T2i and kit lens , this fits just fine with room to fold the neck strap -LRB- if attached to the camera -RRB- on top as well as one additional lens -LRB- but it ca n't be a very long lens -RRB- . I moved the velcro-detachable compartments . Looking down into the bag , my T2i goes on the right side , separated by the velcro divider , with a small Canon 50mm -LRB- i.e. `` fantastic plastic '' -RRB- lens on the left . There is a mesh compartment on the side , inside , where I store two backup batteries and a USB cable that came with the camera.I traveled with this to Japan and also had a smaller pouch for more on-the-go travel . I used the attached all-weather cover once to protect the bag from light drizzle while I was out there - keep in mind , it 's probably good for basic protection , but not a massive storm or snowfall : -RRB- This is a decent bag for me , and I 've not yet bought or rented other lenses . I 'd say it 's a good bag for the DSLR enthusiast who is n't going to bring more than one additional lens with them .
 Overall , good bag that will hold 1 body , 2 lens , and some accessories.I bought this bag to hold my gear for a trip down to Costa Rica . I was going during the rainy season , and I wanted something that offered some kind of water protection . This bag delivered . I carried my Nikon D80 with an 18-200mm zoom lens attached . Had room for a 60mm micro lens , plus extra room for a pair of mini binoculars in the main compartment . There was room to spare too , to hold a headlamp , and some energy snacks . I kept a spare battery , IR remote , extra cards , and a tabletop tripod in the pocket in front . On the side is a pocket , big enough to put another candy bar , or a map . On the other side is an attachment point where I put on a spare lens carrier I had from a Lowepro fannypack camera bag . I used that to hold a water bottle . It includes two dividers that attaches via velcro to create spaces for your stuff.Like I said earlier , it was rainy season , and I used the rain cover in very heavy rain , and it protected everything perfectly . It also covers the bottom , so you can put it down on the wet ground too , and water wo n't soak in . It does n't stretch too far up the back , so it wo n't keep things dry if you submerge the bag.Downsides : The flap in front is marginally useful . It did n't really seem to have a good use . It covers up the front pocket , so to access it you have to unclip , pull the flap back , then unzip the pocket . But at times , I did use it to hold a jacket . But since the rain cover goes over the flap , it ca n't both strap something down , and be covered . Also with a jacket , it kind of strains the pack , so it 's a bit harder to access the main compartment.It would have been better if there were some built in bungee cords to hold a tripod or jacket.The straps are wide , but they are n't padded . I carried the full kit over several hours , and it was n't too bad . But some padding would have been nice .
 Will fit my Nikon D90 with zoom lens and my 35 & 50 fixed . Room in pocket for extra batteries and separate compartment for SD cards . Great for taking on outing . Just what I needed and , as always , A1 quality .
 I just purchased this bag and found it had alot of little spaces to use for filters or memory cards . It has a good tight feel to it and for as much as I will use it -LRB- just once in a awhile -RRB- it should last for years . Tight construction and easily configured dividers to fit whatever lenses you might have . Max lens about 80-300 . The camera will fit in the middle with the 28-70 on it which leaves 2 pockets on each side for lenses . Nice compact design .
 I looked high and low for a bag for my Nikon D90 . I wanted something that would protect my camera but I did n't want anything too big/bulky . This bag is the perfect match . It has pockets for memory cards and accessories . I even managed to fit my battery charger and cord in the stretchy neoprene accessory pocket on the right side . It fits my D90 with a 50mm prime lens and my 18-105 kit lens . I like to attach a battery grip to my D90 for long photo shoots but it barely fits in the bag with grip attached . Over all I am very happy with the bag .
 I bought this to hold my GoPro and all of the accessories , and it does a fine job . The GoPro is small so I had to fit a layer of foam to take up some room , but this case does everything I needed with room to spare . The integrated rain cover is very helpful .
 This size in the LowePro line is just right for my Pentax k5ii with 18-135 attached ... with room for a flash , a long lens , a tabletop tripod , and lunch -LRB- Shaklee180 Blueberry meal bars -RRB- . The small compartments in and out are great for filters , SDcards , and an expandable outer pouch can handle anything from a cellphone to a compact lens or a 16oz water bottle.The accessory rain cover should make a good hood for my head ...
 I guess I should probably give it 5 stars , because it is more of a personal preference . I recently purchased a Nikon D5100 with a couple of lens and this bag fit them nicely . I just do n't really like the style . Kind of looks like a &#34; murse &#34; . I opted for a sling-style bag and love it . This bag is well made and if it is your style , it will serve you well .
 I was looking for a small bag that I could use on day trips or hikes . I did not want a huge bag to keep all my lenses and accessories . This is perfect for my needs . I have a Konica Minolta 5D with a 28-75 f2 .8 lens attached , along with a 18-70 and a 70-210 . I can fit the camera , lenses , my battery charger , and various cables . The lenses fit with their hoods on backwards . There are a couple of small pouches to keep extra battery and cards . Two features I really like
 I bought the smaller 160AW , but it ca n't fit all my gear . So I bought the 170AW as well.It is about 2 '' taller , otherwise it 's exactly the same bag as the 160AW . I was able to fit the following items in the 170 AW . - D80 Body with 18-55mm lens attached -LRB- I can also fit it with my 55-200 lens attached , but it 's real snug -RRB- - 55-200mm lens with hood removed and slide on the lens body reversed . - SB 600 speedflah fully extended - battery charger with electrical cord - AV cable and remoteWith that said , I still have enough room for another battery and a few more accesories.With the 160AW bag , i could only fit the body with either lens attached and the speed flash.To sum it up , I wanted a bag that was n't too wide like the Nikon Bag , but rather , tall and thin so I could use the shoulder strap around my body . I can easily walk around with this attached to my body and it 's out of my way as i can push it towards my back . It work 's great and pulling out the camera with the reveresd flap makes it a breeze . the bag itself has more features , but you can read about that from the other reviews
 This is a fantastic bag by lowepro . It 's a blend of high-capacity and quick access holster styles . I can easily fit my D70s with 18-200mm telephoto -LRB- attached -RRB- and my SB-800 flash into the bag.I at first thought the front flap was useless , but it actually exists to provide more waterproof coverage to the bag . When you deploy the All-weather -LRB- it 's stowed in a velcro compartment at the bottom of the bag -RRB- , it wraps around the bottom , up the sides , and over the top of the bag to provide water protection . Try it yourself . You 'll find that the front flap provides protection where the All-weather can not reach . Together the All-weather and front flap give 80 % protection from the elements.I think the All-weather sheath is a bit unnecessary . Lowepro should have invested a little more money into the bag and made it with waterproof materials rather than including the All-weather sheath.Also , the strap the camera comes with is a bit squeaky . Luckily it can be detached and replaced with any other strap you own . Otherwise , the squeakiness would have driven me insane!I still love this bag.http : / / products.lowepro.com/product/Rezo-170%20AW,2008.htm -LRB- you can see the All-weather in action by viewing the images of the product here -RRB- .
 Nice comfortable bag , especially the strap . I use it carry three lenses -LRB- the Canon 70-200mm the largest -RRB- , an external flash on the side pocket , an Epson P-2000 -LRB- front pocket -RRB- and graphic cards . Very useful this way for wedding photography and event gigs . Wish I had bought it on Amazon . I would have saved $ 20 .
 Really great bag to carry an SLR and 2-3 lenses . This is perfect for my Canon 40D , its 28-135 lens , wide angle zoom lens , and a macro lens . Accessories fit in too . I was a little confused as to whether it would fit the body and three lens until I received it . Do n't worry , they 'll fit unless you have huge lenses .
 I recently purchased a Nikon D50 and needed a bag to put it in . I wanted one that had room for future expansion -LRB- additional lenses and possibly a flash -RRB- . Currently I have the camera/18 -70 lens , remote , charger and USB cable and there is plenty of room left for another larger lens like the 70-300 . The all-weather cover is a bonus but I am somewhat puzzled as to the function of the big flap on the outside . When you unsnap it , it does n't reveal the main compartment of the bag like you 'd expect . Instead , it just reveals a small secondary compartment . The main area of the bag is accessed by opening zippers AROUND the big flap . Kind of strange , but in the end everything works well enough that I 'm still happy .
 Got this bag as a throw in when I bought my Nikon D5100 body . The bag seems to be well made & has plenty of room provided you do n't have a ton of accessories . There is a small pouch with 2 very small pockets on the inside of the top cover with room for a extra battery & a couple of memory cards.The main compartment is well padded & will hold your body with a decent size zoom . There is also enough room for another zoom or 2 smaller lenses . There is also a netted pocket on one end inside that will hold small accessories.There is a large zippered compartment on the front of the bag with 3 smaller pockets inside . These pockets will hold a extra battery or memory cards but not much else . Would have been better to have 2 larger pockets instead . This zippered compartment is large enough to store an external flash , light meter , extra filters etc. . There is also a stretchy pocket on one of the outside ends.Behind the outside zippered compartment is a pullout waterproof cover that covers most of the bag . Hard to imagine ever using this.Finally I come to the front flap that covers the zippered compartment . I 've read where this flap provides more waterproof coverage to the bag in conjunction with the above mentioned waterproof cover but unless you are out & about during the monsoon season this seems basically useless & quite annoying.All in all a nice bag that would have received 5 stars if only the storage pockets were just a little larger
 I recently purchased a Sony NEX 5n with the two zoom kit lensesand wanted a small bag that would carry everything -LRB- cable , chargerflash , manual , etc. -RRB- . This is the perfect bag ! Not too big , but large enough to haveeverything packed safely in one quality bag.Highly recommended .
 A step up adapter is a good tool for getting the most out of your expensive filters . Graduated filters do n't work so well using this technique , but imagine using one filter type for multiple thread sized lenses . Step-up rings can also be stacked to get even more use out of a single filter . Keep in mind though that the closer the filter is to the lens , the better the results will be.Another useful feature is that this step-up ring can be used to prevent vignetting . Sometimes a filter can produce vignetting , especially on wide angle lenses . Stacking filters may cause vignetting as well . If using the adapter ring with larger sized filters , the problem may be eliminated as the filter rings are expanded out beyond the lens.This Step-up ring is made of a sold and sturdy but light weight metal construction . I tend to pack a lot of equipment into my camera backpack and carry it all over the place . Not only does this tool reduce my equipment expense , but limits the number of items I carry around.The only problem I 've seen with using a step-up adapter is that the lens hood at the same time is pretty much out of the question . This should be expected though as this is a common issue of any step-up ring adapter.PROS : Solid metal constructionAllows one to use their expensive filters for their 82mm lens other lensesLight weight and easy to useCONS : Makes using the lens hood on your other lenses difficult if you are able to use it at all
 I bought this so that I could use the same CPL filter on all of my lenses . It certainly saves $ as GOOD filters are in no way inexpensive . It was curious that the step adapter came in a very plain cellophane wrapper with no labeling to state that it was made by Tiffen . Other than that , it works as it is suppose to and that is all I was hoping for .
 This was a good way for my filters to be shared amongst my lenses without duplicating my purchases . However , there is a drawback . It can sometimes be difficult to remove if it got tightened too much to the filter and this leads to not being able to move the filter from one lense to another quickly enough . However , in my regular use this has not been much of a problem and so has not prevented me from using this regularly . The only other problem is the one mentioned by the other reviewer where lense hoods can not be used with the step-up ring as there is usually not enough space.To save potentially a lot of money in an already expensive hobby this can be a useful tool .
 I bought a pack of these dvd holders because I got tired of my music cd case going to pieces and the cd fall out . I had to replace one cd because of it . My Trinity Blood soundtrack arrived in a dvd case . Even it was loose in the case , it did n't fall out . When my Cowboy Bebop case started breaking up , I bought dvd case for it . The case works fine . My only complaint is that two cds stack on top of each other .
 THIS RADIO IS GREAT . . it has nice features ... excellent picture frm dvd player i recommend a must buy . IF YOU R LOOKIN FOR GOOD HEAD UNIT CHOOSE THIS ONE ... TWO THUMBS UP !!!!!!!!!
 I am writing this as a review of the * receiver * , NOT the amazon listing , it obviously is misrepresented here as it is NOT XM-ready , but that 's no reason to bash the product itself.I got this receiver to replace my old Pro-Logic that has served me well but is way past its prime . I really like the Yamaha RX-V657 , but as I 'm not ready to spend $ 500 right now , I decided to `` settle '' on this as a stopgap receiver.I was surprised when I got it - this receiver is beefy , very heavy and well constructed . Even for an `` entry-level '' there are tons of features , and the remote is programmable to control other things , such as my DVD player -LRB- which it did out of the box , since it 's also a Yamaha -RRB- and my TV , which is an RCA , with codes included in the box . Presto-chango , now I can switch inputs on the TV , seek DVDs , and edit the soundfields all from my receiver remote , without having to pay for a universal ! Very nice.I wo n't recap the specs , but subjectively it has a great sound , noticeably less distortion than my old amp on instrumentals . I will point out a couple of flaws
 Two of the reviews on here address the fact this receiver is not XM Ready and were misinformed . True it 's not XM ready and true it did say in the review that it was XM ready.This is my second Yamaha receiver , my first I bought in 1999 and paid about 799.00 for , this one sounds and performs just as well in most all areas . The fact it has Component Video pass thru is nice as well , my only gripe is that it has only 3 Digital inputs , but for the price ca n't beat it.That being said the best place for specs on this unit is on the Yamaha web site . To be honest I have XM radio and I would never even think of adding to this or another receiver , first you must add the antenna about $ 49.00 , and then you pay the same $ 12.95 a month for a slimmed down version of XM.Very limited screen info with this unit when hooked to XM , better off buying a closeout Roady 2 for about 40 bucks and adding a home kit for around 20 .
 To all the review writers that ether had problems or could n't understand the manual , I 've had my receiver 4 years now and it just fine , I wanted a nice rig but easy on the wallet , at the time i got this from Best Buy for $ 125 and since then I 've gotten nothing but enjoyment out of it , added a pioneer 15 band graphic EQ and a fisher -LRB- old school -RRB- stereo reverb unit , bose cube speakers and can create any type of sound i choose , The HTR-5830 is connected to my dishnetwork dual HD receiver , 42 '' Sony HDTV and Sony -LRB- BR -RRB- DVD . Unless it dies or something freaky happens to it , This will be the mainstay of my system . If it 's still around give it a chance , you do n't have to spend a lot of money -LRB- unless that 's what you wish to do -RRB- to have greatness in your living room .
 I purchased this product a couple of years ago and its really amazing . Does a real neat job even with not so expensive speakers . I would recommend this product for sure .
 Had this screen for a year , using it with a Mitsubishi HD1000 700P projector from a throw distance of roughly 17 feet.In short , I 've been thrilled with the purchase.With features including a velvet-covered frame and acoustically transparent material , I 'm convinced there 's simply not a better value in the market for a screen of this quality . Combined with a good projector , you get accurate colors and stunning picture quality . Service is also excellent when emailing staff at Accuscreens directly , as staff was responsive to answering emailed questions on gain , moire and more for home theater hobbyists like myself . I would highly recommend Accuscreens for anyone looking to make the leap to a bigger , better TV or movie experience at home .
 I searched all over the internet to find a good cheap screen . I recently purchased a fairly high end panasonic projector , and although I set it up , and was shooting at a wall , I wanted something better . So I find this screen , and figured for the price , how can I go wrong ? YOU WONT ! . It took me about 10 minutes to put the screen together -LRB- patients is a virtue , as its tension-based around the frame , so its not a 2 minute job , and you should be okay with it . -RRB- and I hung it quickly on the top 2 mounts . Due to the tension of the fabric , you need to put the bottom 2 mounts on , or it gets crooked , no big deal , follow the measurements , 2 minutes later , done.I thought I would be a pull-down screen guy , but since this screen , I couldnt ever again . It looks sharp , the black velvet covered border gives it a very pleasant finished look . All around very happy.Truth be told , that if my house burned down , insurance gave me 10x the amount of money to get a new screen , I still would get this one . Not kidding!Dont get me wrong , I am sure there are better ones out there -LRB- always are ! -RRB- , but its just so perfect , and easy , and cheap ... why would n't you ?
 It came quickly , went together as promised , looks great with my Optoma HD73 , and I have my speakers -LRB- LCR -RRB- behind the screen . Does not seem to affect the sound at all . How do they do that , especially for the price ? Velvet edging is good , sharp looking product . Very happy . Maybe the only caveat I can mention is that light does project thru the screen , and if the wall behind is reflective at all , it bounces back onto the screen causing shadows . So paint the wall behind a dark color , problem solved . This is a great product . Great value .
 I was comparing this 106 '' screen to a 120 '' Elite and decided to go for the 106 '' Accuscreen and save the $ 300 . Screen was easy to assemble and attach to wall . Looks great with my Epson 8100 projector . Just have some super glue ready to fasten the border more securely to the back of the screen . No regrets here .
 This screen is great . I read a lot of other reviews both bad and good but I will say , hands down this is a great screen and is well worth the $ ! I have speakers mounted behind it in a dedicated theater room . It assembled easily and is well made . There was a smudge of dirt on the screen when I got it but I tossed it in the wash and poof . . good as new ! I have small kids so being able to wash the screen is awesome . My neighbor has a Dalite sound screen and paid over $ 1000 for the same size as the accuscreen . Please , do n't get me wrong , I am a techie quality type . The combination of this screen and an epson 8700 in controlled lighting is amazing . I believe it provides an excellent if not better image than the dalite with perfs . I can not detect any moire etc and the material is not much thicker than speaker grille cloth . I did paint the wall behind the screen matte black to avoid any reflections.I looked at screens for a month and almost pulled the 1000 + trigger ! Listen ... Do n't do it ! It 's all hype unless you get something special ie . . -LRB- curved/amorphic/motorized masking etc. -RRB- You may end up paying 600 extra for a slightly beefier border but that is about it . I thought I was cheaping out if I got an accuscreen . Then I thought , its not a big investment if I get it and do n't like it so what the he __ ! But I will say ... I am a very happy camper and so is my wallet . . : - -RRB-
 Easy to put together , it does require some patience or a friend , but its not hard . Mounting to the wall is straitforward but not super easy because it requires pulling down on the unit to get it over the wall mounts . It seems to be a sturdy product though and I am thrilled with it .
 It was difficult to mount on the wall brackets , because there was no &#34; give &#34; in the metal frame to stretch it over the brackets . We were finally able to complete the installation after hanging it on the upper brackets , then catching the left bottom bracket and finally exerting all of our force -LRB- two people , four hands -RRB- to engage the lower right bracket . The screen inself is smooth and gives a superb 3-D video experience with our Epson projector and a Blu-Ray player .
 I think this is an EXCELLENT screen for the price ! Assembly was straightforward and simple . Just make sure you mount the clips properly on the wall to stretch the screen . If I had one complaint , it 's that I wish they provided 2 more clips to retain the sides of the screen to the wall also . The screen fabric has a lot of tension , and without the clips , the frame is slightly distorted towards the center , on the sides.As for picture quality , we are using this with an Epson 3010 in a finished basement . Even with 4 sets of flourescent lights turned on , I am amazed at how well you can still see the screen , and with the lights off , I find it hard to believe that ANY other screen , regardless of cost , will exceed the picture quality of this one . colors are absolutely vibrant.As a side note , I am quite a ` techie ' and I rarely hesitate to spend the extra money on electronics , etc. . I seriously considered spending $ 1300 on a different screen , but because of the price on this one , I decided to just try it . I am 100 % pleased with this product , and I will be keeping it !
 We 've had this screen up for almost a year now . The frame is lightweight , but sturdy . The clarity is great , but that may due more to the projector ? We did put a sound speaker behind the screen & definitely need to paint the speaker screen to match the wall . You can slightly see the speaker through the fabric on the screen . We 're probably the only ones that notice it though . We 're very happy with this purchase & would recommend this brand of screen .
 You typically get what you pay for but I believe that this screen surpassed what I paid for considering most other screens I looked into were at least twice as expensive . The setup was not perfect and straightforward but it still only took me about 2 hours from opening the box to mounting on the wall . There was one bracket that did n't want to catch but it was a simple fix by folding some paper to the appropriate width and snapping the bracket in with the paper surrounding it . I have no ambient light in my room so the actual quality of picture is perfect -LRB- might not work as great for you if you have ambient light pouring into your room - where gray screens are supposed to perform better -RRB- . All in all , I bought it over 2 years ago and would n't hesitate buying it again .
 Speedy Shipping , Packaged Great , In One long heavy duty box . The Box was Banded tight and had extra heavy duty endcaps to protect the product.Screen frame is sturdy aluminum , Covered in a very nice looking black synthetic velvet material.Although the velvet material was n't completely attached/glued to the frame -LRB- Minus 1 for Quality -RRB- But the sticky backside of the Felt was still there so all I had to do was press it back onto the frame . The Frame Attaches and locks easily at the corners , Using 4 thumb/hand tight dime size plastic headed bolts you just turn into place . The Screen itself is a bit tight to snap the plastic strip into place on the backside of the frame once it 's together , not bad tho once you figure out a strategy , Besides you want the screen tight anyways.This is my first screen and it Looks great to me . I 'm using it with an Epson Powerlite Home Cinema 720 . All my guests are very much impressed . I would Buy this screen again .
 Screen comes in a really tall box . Assembly was technically easy to do , but requires some strength to pull the screen tight and then to pull the frame into place over the casters . Screen arrived clean and once it was pulled tight there were no visible wrinkles . The frame is sturdy once it is hung properly because the casters are actually attached further apart than the frame and you pull the frame over them in order to make it a tight fit . The frame has a fake velvet cover which makes it look nice on the wall . I do n't really notice any gain improvements and I wish they sold the gray screen so it would help the black levels , but the screen is a major improvement over my wall . Best of all , it was inexpensive and worth the price .
 I ordered this screen on 1/12 and received it 1/13 from Amazon in excellent condition . For what it 's worth this screen is amazing hands down . I 've been in the HT / Tech industry for 20 years and I 'm pretty impressed . It 's not a Stewart Filmscreen or SMX Pro-line , but the value/quality ratio is pretty high . Amazon/Accuscreens came through like a champ on this one .
 this screen is awesome I totally love it.downside it came with wrinkles in the screen area , I though the would go away with time but they do n't :-LRB- this is a minor annoyance to me since you only see them when the screen is off .
 My Canon G-12 , for which I purchased it fist in it just right . The additional pockets hold the charger and battery perfectly . The quality of the material and the feel of the product is average , but for the price it comes at - I ca n't ask for more .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working great . They come in different colors for color coding your connections , which is nice . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 This 50 ' cable was a great price and worked well for my purpose of connecting from hub to blu-ray player -LRB- running it through the attic -RRB- . The snagless protectors work well , particularly when fishing through holes .
 I used between my modem and router . I do n't need a 6 foot cable for that . Fits perfectly .
 Cables are like running water - no appreciation or complaint unless they do n't work . This cable performs its job and is more affordable than many .
 Needed to re-organize my office space and wanted to put NEW computer ` over there , out of reach - from normal people '' . This patch cable was all I needed to have an economical access to the net . No wireless card - - wanted something that I could just unplug IF necessary . Plenty of length -LRB- right price -RRB- for an extension / cross the room move ... WORKS !!!
 Cable came as ordered , on schedule . Can not ask for more . I am going to order another exactly like it .
 I opted for the cheaper 5e cable vs the cat6 , since the more expensive cat6 would be overkill for the product use.This cable does the job I need perfectly , and I would highly recommend it . The quality is up to par for sure .
 I unwrapped this product and quickly put it to work . It worked like a charm I am thinking of buying more from amazon
 Good price and good quality . The only problem is that the connectors does not fit good in some lan jacks , coming off easily .
 When you need a pre-made Cat5e network cable , this one gets the job done at a decent priceand with good quality . It is what they say it isand that is important these days !
 Came as promised . Very good quality . To finish the job I had to purchase additional Belkin cables from Walmart which cost over twice as much that did not appear to be as good quality as these .
 Works great ! It performs as you would expect and at a cost that you can afford . I am quite satisfied .
 cables were as advertised , correct length , worked as they were supposed to . Will order cables from this company next time i need them .
 Bought it to replace the one that had been at my house for years -LRB- speaker had blown -RRB- . I installed it in under 15 minutes . 100 % what I ordered and at the best price anywhere .
 This is a nice starter filter for infrared photography . I am a fan of the Cokin P series anyway and have other filters for it and the P007 is my newest addition . It performs great . Easy to mount and use - I would definitely recommend .
 The strap is much more comfortable than my original neckstrap . Conforms to the neck , no stretch . THe adjusment is a little annoying to use though . Overall , a great product !
 Simple and works like a charm . You only have to buy one set of filters .
 I absolutely love these in combination with 2-Inch smurf tube and smurf ends that I got from a local electrical supply house . Now I can be very confident in adding cables as needed and hidden behind the wall via the attic or crawl space .
 I like the nano because it 's small and handy . The interface is also more efficient than others on the market . It has a lot of features and is versatile at organizing music.With 4gb , I can store an awful lot of songs , but be aware that the way you rip your mp3 's make a very noticeable difference to how many songs you can store . 192k mp3 's are 33 % larger than 128k mp3 's , so you may want two versions of the same song - one for home , one for your 4gb ipod . When I 'm outside with the earbuds in , I ca n't tell the difference in quality so I 'd just assume have more storage.I strongly urge anyone buying a nano to invest in a case . Because they are portable and will be going in pockets , backpacks , etc. they will be subject to all kinds of fuzz , crumbs , and grit and the case will help keep it out . I 've read also read how fragile others have found them to be , which is another practical reason for a case . I have had no issues with mine but it 's never had any real abuse from dropping or being sat on.My largest complaint is that you are , for all practical purposes , married to iTunes . There are so many ipods out there , and iTunes is so bad that I 'm suprised it 's not getting better . I could write a small manifesto on why iTunes stinks , but this review is really about the ipod -LRB- which is good ! -RRB- Another small issue is that the firmware upgrades to the ipod -LRB- which you do through iTunes -RRB- are of varying quality . Sometimes they fix issues , sometimes they create them.Other minor detractions : * Battery life could be better , but I get around 8 hours * Screen is difficult to see outside * Wall/car chargers are not included -LRB- but cheap on amazon -RRB- * Copy protection pieces -LRB- mp4 , some iTunes features -RRB- are annoying * More expensive than competitors * If battery poops out , may as well buy another - $ 75 replacement is a ripoff
 I enjoy the iPod Nano . It 's light-weight and easy to carry . I have more than enough room for my favorite songs . I can use it to play songs from certain genres , singers , or bands . I 'm very happy with this product .
 Just what I was looking for - could n't find in the stores . Good price , good shipping policies , always receive timely . It 's a joy shopping with Amazon
 I am not the best in knowing about electronics technology , but I figured this out pretty easy . I had a different kind of Mp3 player , that was bulky , and hard to read the buttons , the nano is easy to use , and it is so small . The sound is great , hard to believe it comes out of something so small . I am sure once I get use to using the software and downloading more songs , it will become even easier .
 I bought this for my husband and he loves it . I have listened to it a couple of times while running on my treadmill and I can not believe how good it sounds . Now I want one . Great Product ...
 I really like the Ipod I purchased . Did n't know how much I was going to use it . Now I wish I bought the 30gb ! mwj
 it works great . my daughter loves it . the transaction was great with no complications . the shipping was fast . thank you A + + + + + in my book
 I like that small Ipod . I have the bigger one -LRB- 60GB -RRB- as well , but for sports it is nice to have the smaller one.The batteries really last long for that tiny thing .
 The 4 GByte Nano IPOD works well as advertised . Not having used an IPOD before it took a while to get the swing of the ITunes software . This device has to be plugged in to a USB port to charge the battery , so if you are using it in the car , on a trip , or away from the computer for any length of time , you will need to buy a charging accessory for it.It did get scrambled in the car once and got into a diagnostic mode that we could n't clear . The unit would not turn off . Two days later , after the battery had died we connected it to a computer and recharged it - the problem was cleared , and the memory was intact.I downgrade it a star for needing a separate -LRB- unsupplied -RRB- charger and for not having an easy reset for when the processor gets confused .
 I bought my first 4GB iPod Nano in November 2005 - I wanted to migrate from a clunky 3-year old mp3 player to something which was easier to place in my pocket during my cardio workout.In February 2006 I wanted to give my partner a 4GB iPod Nano as a Valentine 's Present and load it up with Broadway and movie soundtrack music -LRB- which I loathe - to me , this would be a better world if Sondheim were strangled with Webber 's large intestine -RRB- . I could not find any information as to whether you could hook up more than one Nano using the same iTunes software . I did find out that you can use the same iTunes on five different computers.Well , the new Nano arrived and it worked like a breeze . I registered it , gave it a unique name different from mine , and then loaded it up . We can each charge our Nano and load/unload songs without disruption or weird configurations . I just wish this info had been available to me prior to making the second purchase.My Nano is a bit scrtached only because I do n't use the handy felt slipcover which now comes with the Nano . I also bought the white version since feedback had said that the black version showed scratches much more than the white.We both love our Nanos and it is great to be , musically speaking , in the 21st century .
 OK , it says that you have to be under 13 to do the kid 's review , and I am older , but I did n't want to set up an account . Anyway , this is an awsome product ! It 's such a cool thing to have . You can carry around music , pictures , -LRB- the pictures are small , it is , alas , a small screen -RRB- games , a clock , an alarm , TONS of stuff . The iTunes is easy to understand , and it is easy to get music onto your iPod . The only piece of information I have
 FIRST I would like to respond to the person who thought that writing a review meant that he/she/it should begin by insulting people by calling them idiots . This is in response to C. CUI -LRB- Real Informatics -RRB- Yes the ipod is designed to work with itunes only . However you can rip music from any cd that you own and transfer it to your ipod . Walmart says that their music is not compatible with ipod or itunes . However , I have downloaded music from walmart and burned it to a cd . I was then able to transfer it to my ipod and listen to it in itunes . There 's probably a simplier way to do this but that has worked okay for me . I have not counted my hours of use but I know I get more than four hours of actual play time.SECOND why is N. Bessie discouraging people from buying the ipod nano when she purchased the discontinued ipod mini ? Should n't she be reviewing on the ipod mini review forum?Lastly Marsha Mcginnis is reviewing before she 's even gotten a chance to use the darn thing . Why would you buy a product then dis it before you use it.My gosh now that I 'm through responding to the nonsense I 've just read let me say this , I 'm not a part of some mac lovers cult or anything . I just purchased my ipod after Christmas and I 'm pleased because it does what it says it 's suppose to do . When an item does what it 's suppose to do then what do you have to complain about ? Yesterday I thought that I was going to become an angry ipod owner . For some reason unbeknownst to me my ipod would not come on after I removed it from my coat pocket . I 've been relatively cautious with my ipod but not overly . I 've dropped it a couple of times and I never put it in it 's sheath that came with it . The only thing I 've done to protect it is that I have not removed the plastic that came on the front of it -LRB- because it truly is prone to scratches -RRB- . Well after taking my ipod back to The Apple Store today the mac genius who took a look at my nano informed me that the tape on the front of it was holding a button down and that was the reason it did not come on . Like I said I 've dropped my nano -LRB- actually I dropped it twice today , I do n't encourage this however -RRB- and I do n't go out of my way to protect it . But it 's still ok . I 'm going to eventually remove the plastic but not until I find the perfect protective case or sleeve . I believe that mac offers great service on their products . There was a woman in the store who had purchased an ipod two years ago , she was n't on warranty anymore and she had n't purchased the battery replacement plan but still they replaced her battery -LRB- actually they give you a brand new ipod -RRB- for only 60 + bucks . The mac genius did n't even ask me for a receipt before examining my ipod nano . There were about a dozen people in the store for one of their classes at the time that I was there . How many computer compaines offer service where you can just walk in and have your issues resolved or you can schedule an appointment to have them show you how to use your gadgets , or that allows you to walk in take a seat and sit in on one of their classes even after you 've purchased th product ?
 This is the coolest MP3 player I 've ever seen ! You wont believe how thin it is until you try to hold it on your palm ! Here are some reasons why I love this MP3 player : - Incredibly small , thin , and very light . - Well designed , fit on your palm , pocket , or pencil case . - High resolution colour screen , shows albumart , photos , and games in colors . - Superb sound . - Click wheel ; easy navigation as the original iPod . - New features : > World Clock > Stopwatch > Screen Lock - now with iTunes 5 , it 's easy to sync AddressBook , Calendar , etc between Ms Outlook and iPod nano . - with flash memory , the nano is 100 % skip free ; a true sport companion . - headphone jack at the bottom , making it easier to read the screen -LRB- without rotating it first -RRB- when we take the nano out from our jeans pocket.Although it comes with lots of advantages , yet : - 4 GB is the maximum capacity possible . - USB connection only . - No charger adapter , you should use the USB connection to recharge the battery . It means the computer or laptop should be around you . Make sure you bring your laptop on your vacation . - Only two colors available , black or white . No more pink , blue , green , etc.Accessories that you may like : - The lanyard . With this earphone , you can wear your iPod nano as necklace . No more tangle and you can change the music right away without reaching your pocket . - The silicon case . This silicon case comes in colors and will change the look of your iPod nano . It will also protect your iPod from scratches and prevents it from sliding on a tilted table or slipped out of your pocket when you 're sitting.Overall this is a really great product ! Before deciding to buy this MP3 player , make sure you have USB 2.0 on you computer or laptop . Some people had bought this nano and having USB 1 connection on their PC , making the song transfer a painful and time consuming process . It will takes hours to fill up your iPod nano with USB 1 . Therefore , the existance of USB 2.0 on your PC is crucial . Also , if you are frequent traveller , it is a good idea to buy another accessory for recharging the battery og your iPod without connecting it to PC . Otherwise , you will have to bring your laptop with you or look for PCs on your vacation to recharge your nano .
 I was given a white IPOD nano as a Christmas gift by my wonderful family and I have been using it for two days . This tiny machine will replace a portable CD player and the CD carrying case that I traveled with in the past.Player ------ The player works as advertised with no glitches . Battery life is at least reasonable as I have not yet run down the initial charge -LRB- about six hours of use -RRB- . The widely reported issue of durability may be overstated . I did heed the advice to put the nano in a protective plastic case . In the case , the player has spent two days in my jeans front pocket and shows no signs of wear . I can not comment on longer term durability.Earphones --------- One minor issue is that the Apple earphones are impossibly bad and had to be immediately replaced . The sound is wonderful with my noise-cancelling headphones ; however , these headphones are much bulkier than the nano , making its tiny size less important . I have learned that this issue is well known and widely addressed . I point it out here to clarify that when someone says that the Apple earphones are bad , it is not necessarily the opinion of picky holier-than-thou audiophiles -- in fact , the sound is so badly warped by the Apple earphones that a user would be hard pressed to recognize songs from his or her own CD collection played through those things.Software -------- For the novice user , I recommend a full-scale surrender to the default options installed with the iTunes software . To the user who is willing to cede control of organization and management of his or her music files , the system is easy-to-use and intuitive . I imagine that expert users and people with time on their hands will find everything they need in the package as well . -- UPDATE
 This beautiful and extremely functional gadget has my vote for the best gadget of 2005 ! I am eager to see what gadget can surpass it for this year since ipod nano is really a perfect blend of function and style.Before my nano purchase , I have researched various mp3 players from Sony , Creative , iRiver and various others but they all come up short in one way or the other . iPod nano excels in the usability and style areas but pales in terms of pricing and reliability when compares to other players . My first nano lasts for only 2 months when the battery suddenly dies on me . Fortunately the Apple warranty still covers it and I got a brand new replacement . I think I got a lemon on my first nano since it has problems from day one with lots of skips and restarts.The careful thoughts put behind the design of nano is admirable . Menus are conveniently and intuitively layout and the clickable wheel for navigation is great . There is a small but usable screen for displaying songs and I have used it to display various pictures which is real neat . Overall , in terms of usability , it earns an A from me . From a pure stylistic standpoint , handsdown , an A + . You will have to hold it yourself to believe it . It is extremely light yet have a robust feeling to it . Just beautiful.I would highly recommend Nano as the mp3 player of choice but just be aware of the potential battery problem and the easily scratchable LCD screen.Best of luck to your purchase !
 I love the size . It 's perfect for jogging . The down side of these small devices is they 're hard to find if you misplace them . I 'm still learning all the ins and outs of this device . I took off one star because user-friendliness is not what I expected with Apple 's reputation . Guess I 'm just lazy and do n't like having to go through the help menu . I maxed out on my free space , so I deleted songs to free up space . iTunes would n't let me add new songs even though it indicates that I have more than enough free space . I may have to restore and start over again.One BIG word of warning . I installed the 6/23/06 update and my iPod stopped working . I spent hours and hours trying to fix the problem . Apparently others have run into the same problem . If this happens to you , go directly to the discussion forum to find the fix . The general fixes on their website does n't solve the problem . I do n't know why Apple is making buggy software updates available for downloads .
 Ca n't say enough about this ipod . The size is perfect , my gf 's mini feels like a brick compared to this . Sound is great , better than my ipod shuffle . Color screen is nice and great battery life . Yeah it scuffs up easily but no big deal . I covered the screen with a 1 '' strip of clear packaging tape to protect from scratches , works great and looks good . Other than that it 's pretty durable . I 've already dropped it off my desk several times and it 's held up nicely .
 Nano is incredible . I love it in so many ways . I soooooo do n't miss carrying around over 100 cd 's in my car . The best thing about ipods in general is that you can shuffle your library , albums , or playlists . This way you do n't have to `` commit '' to one cd when you get it out to play . It 's like having a new mix of all your favorite music all the time . In regard to it 's durability ... I say it is TOUGH . The reason is there are no moving parts in it , unlike the other or older ipods which do . They do scratch so silicon skin is a good idea -LRB- although I find them ugly -RRB- so what I did instead was cut out a protective screen cover designed for palm pilots and put in on . I 've had friends tell me `` ipods are overrated . '' I say to them , until you have you , you ca n't say it . ipods rule !
 I 've been using the ipod mini for around 4 years . From a lot of dropping and mis-handling , I managed to destroy the hard drive . So I set out to get a new ipod.I bought the white ipod nano with a crystal protector -LRB- ~ 10 bucks -RRB- from the apple store . The new ipod nanos come with a tiny leather bag to help protect your ipod from the elements . It 's pretty , elegant and functional ; you can control what 's playing through the soft leather . Also on the battery , I 've been playing music for over 8 hours now after the initial recharge and it still thinks it has plenty of juice left.I 'm not sure if Amazon sells the new line of ipods . I 'd find that out before you make this purchase here , or just buy one from an apple store . Make sure to get a plastic coating to protect your ipod from scratches -- this is so essential .
 When one finds the iPod line has n't changed much in a while , just wait a few days , and you are likely to be blown off your feat . Apple is constantly innovating , and pushing the limit , in order to bring you the world 's greatest products.The iPod Nano may well be one of the most impressive products ever produced , by Apple Computer . The iPod Mini was the best selling iPod , making the iPod Mini the best selling portable music player , in the world . In fact , it had only be released in January 2004 , and it was updated in early 2005 . However , in September 2005 , Apple decided it was going to stop producing the iPod Mini . Why ? They had something better
 I have never been a believer in the IPOD before . Always seemed to fragile and too expensive . I had a Creative Labs Zen that was sturdy ... took abuse ... but heavy ... a bit cumbersome . I saw the Nano and immediately checked it out . Was I wrong about Apple . This Nano is amazing . I had it for less than 2 hours and put about 400 songs and more than 200 clear , sharp pictures on it . I 'm sold ! Also , all those folks who advise how this thing scratches , etc. . I do n't buy it . I 've thrown this around my car , my pocket . . all over the place . It shows some fingerprints , but that 's about it . No scratches , no broken screens , nothing except cystal clear sound a crystal clear display . I love my IPOD Nano . Great job Apple !
 At first the ipod worked great . However , I was surprised at first when I unwrapped it to find that it was actually engraved on the back with the name of one of the previous owners , and I had not been informed about this by the seller.Also , after a while of use , the message `` Firewire connections are not supported '' pops up repeatedly . You can click Ok to clear the message , but at times the message was so frequent that it continued to pop up over and over again and I could n't access the menu or adjust the volume . It became irritating because it also drains the battery incredibly quickly .
 Hay i dont have it i am saveing up for one Win you have a normal CDCan you do something can you put those songs on your ipod ??? Thanks
 You read such a lot of rubbish about these things . I 've had mine from day one , so I 'm in a good position to say that the iPod entirely lives up to what 's claimed for it.But at first you might not think so , because the battery life seems poorer than the spec says . This is pretty important
 So handy , portable , cute , sleek - the iPod nano is all of these things and MORE . It makes the other iPods look bad . It 's tiny , and when you take it out of the box , all you can do is GASP at how great it 's presented.It 's like the iPod - but soooo much better . It 's got the performance , the handy-dandy clickwheel , the color screen , the hold switch - everything everyone loves about the iPod ... but smaller!Anyway , let me stop my rambling and get on with what I want to tell you about the iPod nano . It scratches E A S I L Y . So if you are someone who abuses their electronics , purchase something you can treat badly . Because this iPod demands respect.Okay , maybe it demands TOO much respect . I mean , it scratches very easily . I 'm waiting for the iPod nano tubes to come out here in the Dominican Republic , but all of the stores are taking FOREVER to get them in . It 's frustrating . :| > Anyway , yes , if you 're going to get the iPod nano , get it a case.About how it works - it 's great . The scroll wheel can be a little confusing for iPod beginners , but after a couple of minutes , you 're used to it . And the little clicky noise is soooo cute . However , if you do n't like it , you can turn it off -LRB- the iPod nano is great for letting you turn what you like on and what you do n't off -RRB- . The color screen is great . Maybe the screen is small , but hey ! You ca n't have a small mp3 player and expect a great big screen to view photos with . I 've heard everyone complain about the screen being too small for viewing pictures . Listen . The iPod nano is small . It 's screen is perfectly fine.Anyway , if your eyes are OK you should be able to see the colors wonderfully , and the photos are fine . Not the nano 's best point but pretty good.ALL IN ALL , the nano deserves 4.8 / 5 stars ! ! ! ! !
 I love everything about this little mp3 . Its my first Ipod , so far so good . My only issue is that when I download a live set or DJ Mixed cd from Itunes , when I listen to it in my ipod there are gaps between songs . A little help with this ? I 'll appreciate it !
 I have definitely known what it has been like with so many people in the MP3 craze . It has been so popular , people are n't buying music anymore from the basic music Mom & Pop shops anymore . While that has been the case , the ones that majority of people have went to are the Ipods . Since they came out a few years ago , Apple has truly lead the MP3 player market at least 2 to 1 . While there have been so many different styles of Ipods like the regular , the Ipod mini and the shuffle , there is one that can be just easier to take anywhere your heart desires from the inside of your pocket . This is it.The Apple Ipod nano edition , is a far better version than the lackluster Ipod Shuffle was when it was introduced . This MP3 player device can hold just about the same amount of songs as the Ipod mini , 1,000 songs , yet it is so small you can just just put it conviently anywhere . The Ipod nano has all the abilities that the regular Ipod and the Ipod mini have , with a convient LCD screen , that displays the menu and songs well . While it does have some bright spots , there is one disadvantage with this device . Although it is uniquely well , it has a short battery life , and not as much as some other MP3 players have . Even the Ipod mini have a slightly longer battery life by just only 4 hours.While there are so many different MP3 players on the market , the Apple Ipod nano is a great buy for anybody who wants to get into the MP3 craze while it is hot . I have tried this quaint player in the stores , and I liked it a lot , and Ipod know you will too.Portability
 The ipod nano is just perfect . This is the best gift I have given ever.Highly recommended .
 I got a `` hands-on '' look at these at my local Apple Store.I think this is the best iPod yet . It 's even smaller than I thought , yet feels very sturdy . An advatage over other iPods is that it uses flash memory instead of a hard drive and still has a screen . Flash memory is more durable - no moving parts , perfect for exercise.There are some downsides . The battery will eventually wear out , forcing you to replace the entire iPod unit . Storage capacity is not expandable - bad if you find you want more space . It does n't come with many accesories - you 'll have to buy them separately.Overall , this is one of the best portable audio players available . I guess quality comes with a price , but there is a way to get the 4GB iPod Nano in your choice of color for free ! -LSB- ... -RSB- This is not a scam - it 's a legitimate offer from Gratis Internet , who 've received much media attention after giving away millions in products like iPods and PSPs , just to name a few . This company 's offers have been verified on CNN Headline News , Wired News , BBC News , Tech TV , NBC news , etc. . I frankly thought this was too good to be true , until I saw all the proof that 's out there!Whether you choose to purchase it or get it for free , I highly recommend the iPod Nano !
 Ipods are like the king of the mp3 's . They have good storage , great looking peices of equipment , and they soffisticated.The only problem with these ipod nano 's , that can also hold photo 's , -LRB- which i think is very ingenius ! -RRB- , is that they can snap very easily.I know friends that have had these and they have snapped in two halfs , just from dropping them or something.Other than that a great little product that should bring apple some serious money !
 Gave this to my son-in-law - he was delighted
 I love the ipod nano . It started when my friend got one , so I did to . I just got it today , and listening to it right now -LRB- Everclear - Father of Mine -RRB- and I LOVE IT . The case that comes with it is OK for now.I recommend getting the largest version -LRB- Max storage -RRB-
 I love this iPod nano . Apple has done it again . Y' all got ta get this nano iPod . i love mine . free shipping too . however , i 'm getting another iPod nano , but this time it 's for free . -LSB- ... -RSB- and sign up and follow the easy directions . trust me , it is 100 % free .
 After reading horror stories about iPod nano , about its bad screens , easy to smudge and to scratch , and supposed `` easy to bend '' , I have to say iPod nano is nothing to worry about.Treat it as what it is
 The Nano has made me put my trusted 15 GB on the shelf . Sound every bit as good and same easy interface . Biggest surprise is that the control buttons are far more superior . The have a positive feel , no guessing with this one . I just love it
 The Apple 4 GB iPod Nano is very easy to use and delivers great sound for such a small player . I use it all the time with my bicycle sound system , Cyclesound . These two products together give me many hours of listening pleasure .
 I loved it ! But if I 'll buy now I would prefer 8 GB . Believe me 1,000 songs is not so much , as I thought .
 If you think the pictures and T.V. ads for this look impressive , wait until you actually get your hands on it . I got a nano just a couple of days ago after giving my old 15 gig iPod -LRB- the one with the row of 4 buttons above the scroll wheel -RRB- to my dad . This iPod is so incrediblely small and light weight . The screen is very bright and vibrant and pics look great on it . The sound quality is excellent as with all other iPods , and all of the great features , plus a couple new ones -LRB- stopwatch , world clock , screen lock -RRB- , are here . The click wheel , although a little smaller than the ones on other iPods , is very accessable and easy to use . At 4 gb , you will probabally be able to get just over 1,000 songs on it , which is a very good ammount for the average person . All in all , this iPod is great and definitely has a `` Wow Factor '' that will facinate you when you see it.Pros : * Amazingly Small and Lightweight * Great Sound Quality * Great Features That iPod 's are Known For * Nice , Bright Color ScreenCons : - Will not work with all older iPod accessories
 ok , so i got the ipod nano for christmas and its dec. 28 and its great hold lots of songs , good sound quality BUT , its terribly scratched up and I do n't want the same to happen to you . Dont let the stories of screens cracking 2minutes after purchases , all you need to do is LEAVE THE PROTECTIVE PLASTIC OVER THE SCREEN !!!!!!!!!! Cut it so you can use the wheel , i know keeping the little plastic thing over the screen is not what you want to do when you open it -LRB- i tore pulled mine off first thing out of the box -RRB- but just leave it over teh screen until you can get a good case for it and even then be careful , and if you do not heed my advice do not put the ipod in your pocket , even if its only thing in your pocket . bottom line - great mp3 player , but the screen scratches easily so protect it .
 What a stunning piece of equipment . My absolute favourite gadget at the moment ! This has just got to be the coolest mp3 player in the universe , and it is so tiny , it is a wonder it works . Definitely on it 's way to becoming the best selling mp3 player!I own a 40gb iPod which is almost full , and needed another one , then this came out just in time for me . The Nano comes in white or black . Mine is the white one.I was really excited when I got my Nano . I carefully opened the beautiful packaging -LRB- still have my iPod packaging , LOL !! -RRB- . Wow !! To see one is to want one . If you hope to resist , throw away your wallet/credit card before viewing.Very easy to use . Sound quality is excellent . As the Nano uses flash memory , it does not skip , no matter the jolting it receives . Software -LRB- as usual -RRB- is a no brainer to use . The colour display allows you to view the CD art as music is playing . Cool ! You can also store and view your pictures on it . The click wheel , as tiny as it is , is still easy to use.Other features are a world clock , stop watch , and screen lock . As with other iPods , you can use this as an external drive to back up . Another neat feature is display of lyrics to whatever track is playing . You must install the new 5.0 version of iTunes , and paste in the lyrics yourself.You get 14 hours play from a single full charge . As usual , to ensure long battery life , try not to let the battery run out completely , -LRB- also , skipping tracks , using the backlight , etc use up the battery faster -RRB- . Charging is by USB to your PC/Laptop , or a standard iPod charger -LRB- thank God for my 40gb iPod -RRB- . Still not too pleased with the supplied ear plugs so I use a pair by Sony that clip behind the ears and really bring out the sound . That 's my only moan for this 5 star device ! Now excuse me , must get back to gazing at my Nano . Aaah !
 I did n't want to like the iPod Nano . I bought an iPod Mini for my girlfriend . I thought it was cool . But never seriously considered getting one for myself . I own a pretty nifty Pocket PC cellphone -LRB- the I-Mate Jam - highly recommended , BTW -RRB- . I 've always been happy with storing my songs on an SD . My cellphone gave me communications , games , music , productivity -LRB- excel , etc. -RRB- , and got lots of `` techno-geek '' points . The last thing I wanted was yet another electronic gadget to carry around.Then I made the mistake of taking a look at this newest creation of Steve Job 's Apple . I was blown away . It 's SO SMALL . And , very stylish . And very useable . And , at 4 GB , adequate for all but the most demanding consumers . And , at this price , it 's cheaper than buying memory cards totalling up to 4 GB.Instant there was no question of not owning one . I reluctantly , but secretly proudly , now carry an iPod Nano to complement my cellphone . I 'm afraid that I wo n't be using my PocketPC phone to listen to music anymore.Apple truly blows me away . Kudos to Steve Jobs for his remarkable transformation of his company into the most innovative mass market tech company out there . Anyone who knows Steve Jobs history with Apple knows how remarkable his task really has been . Also , anyone who knows the story about Apple computer and the initial problems with the name of the company understands how ironic this whole field of innovation is!In conclusion , buy this product . Beg , borrow , or steal - well , not steal . Use any legal and ethical manner of getting your hands on one of the Nanos . You SO wo n't regret it !
 Great product , but not much for instructions . I had difficulty getting the set up done , plus how to order music from the ipod website was crazy ... no info to go on .
 Thats the best name for the nano ipod . Apple make a great job condensing and MP3 player and photo album in and small gaget , they can do the dificult task of make and impressive descendence of the mini . If true that the display is very small , but the resolution put this in a side . The sound is excellent and the driving interface mekes easy , even for and small child , handle the device . The only compliment is there are no fm radio , but whit the new fm headphone this is past . Great choice for every one who look for MP3 player .
 I got my ipod for my birthday and I love it so much !!! I thought it would be so easy to fill up 4 GB because i am such a music freak !! haha ... but it really is n't !!! The only problem I find in it is that it is really easily scratched and fingerprints show up really well on it ... Also , you ca n't use it on both mac and windows if you 've already formatted it to one or the other - that 's a problem , but other wise it 's great ! So small and portable !
 This is the coolest MP3 player I 've ever seen ! You wont believe how thin it is until you try to hold it on your palm ! Here are some reasons why I love this MP3 player : - Incredibly small , thin , and very light . - Well designed , fit on your palm , pocket , or pencil case . - High resolution colour screen , shows albumart , photos , and games in colors . - Superb sound . - Click wheel ; easy navigation as the original iPod . - New features : > World Clock > Stopwatch > Screen Lock - now with iTunes 5 , it 's easy to sync AddressBook , Calendar , etc between Ms Outlook and iPod nano . - with flash memory , the nano is 100 % skip free ; a true sport companion . - headphone jack at the bottom , making it easier to read the screen -LRB- without rotating it first -RRB- when we take the nano out from our jeans pocket.Although it comes with lots of advantages , yet : - 4 GB is the maximum capacity possible . - USB connection only . - No charger adapter , you should use the USB connection to recharge the battery . It means the computer or laptop should be around you . Make sure you bring your laptop on your vacation . - Only two colors available , black or white . No more pink , blue , green , etc.Accessories that you may like : - The lanyard . With this earphone , you can wear your iPod nano as necklace . No more tangle and you can change the music right away without reaching your pocket . - The silicon case . This silicon case comes in colors and will change the look of your iPod nano . It will also protect your iPod from scratches and prevents it from sliding on a tilted table or slipped out of your pocket when you 're sitting.Overall this is a really great product ! Before deciding to buy this MP3 player , make sure you have USB 2.0 on you computer or laptop . Some people had bought this nano and having USB 1 connection on their PC , making the song transfer a painful and time consuming process . It will takes hours to fill up your iPod nano with USB 1 . Therefore , the existance of USB 2.0 on your PC is crucial . Also , if you are frequent traveller , it is a good idea to buy another accessory for recharging the battery og your iPod without connecting it to PC . Otherwise , you will have to bring your laptop with you or look for PCs on your vacation to recharge your nano .
 I bought 4GB nano a week ago and I used for three days . Everything works great and looks great . But my nano screen has 18 scratches . I did not use this nano roughly . I allways put it ina poche . Still It got so many scratches and screen looks ugly
 Afar as im concerned this is the greatest mp3 player available in the market . Not only it looks totally good , but the sound is just amazing , very crisp and clear . Carrying this around is a dream because obviously this ai n't bulky ! The only con is it scratches very easily -LRB- I do n't recommend this for the clumsy hands ... -RRB- and even though the size made this a phenomenon , it will break easily . One drop could be fatal for this little masterpiece ...
 Where to start ? I bought two of these shortly after launch , they are the pinnacle of Apple sexiness . Sleek , small , whiter-than-white with the clear acrylic on top of the super white housing . This and the iPod second generation created the Apple frenzy with a mainstream audience that we have today . I still use this bad boy , I keep it in a dock attached to my iMac late 2006 CD , as I bought those from the same `` Apple era '' , it 's a great player , and an awesome display piece , yes it 's artwork as well.I had to replace the battery in this one about a year ago , other than that it 's been a workhorse . My wife found out about the recent recall on these , and sent hers back -LRB- she had not changed the battery -RRB- , and she received a new 6th generation Nano in return . Thanks Apple for standing behind your products!I 've kept mine , partly due to me changing the battery , and partly because I can not part with it . It 's a collectible as well as a great music player.The only real con to this device is the rather easy to scratch finish . Mine has many light scratches on it , but then I did n't keep it in a protective case , my wife did and of course had no scratches at all when she returned it.If you have n't heard , the recall on this is for the battery , it has in a few cases overheated and could potentially catch fire . If you contact Apple they will send a box to return it in , and they send you back an Apple refurbished 6th gen iPod nano , right now you get the graphite color one -LRB- 8gb -RRB- , all free of charge . Awesome service , from an awesome company.You may choose to keep this though , it 's Apple at a great time and place in history.Fantastic !!!!
 Excellent product . Excellent software . I 'm looking for a good adapter to play through car radio -LRB- Honda -RRB- that charges the Nano as well . Highly recommend the Nano .
 ipod nanos are the best !! for everyone that is thinking about geting one , do n't pay attention to the people who say it cracks , if you get a good case it 's fine !! i would suggest going to -LSB- ... -RSB- because they sell a invisa-case that i got . the invisa-case protects everything except the coners , and its really hard to see.i think the ipod nano rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have a 20GB iPod and then bought Nano for my wife . Right now I am thinking about buying Nano also for myself . It is just great . Small , comfortable , with color screen and holds exactly the amount of songs I need -LRB- 1,000 songs for 4GB Nano -RRB- . Definitely I recommend that to everybody !!!
 This item came very fast in the mail and with everything that the description said it had . I was very impressed with the delivery service once again with Amazon.com
 insted of buying a charger if you have a playstation 2 use the USB 1.1 port to charge . this is useful if you play games aloti dont own a ipod but my friend and i have tryed it and it works * note dose not save ps2 game data on ipod !
 I bought my nano about a week ago and it 's great product . You get exactly what the description says you will . The graphics are great , the color is beautiful . The album art feature is really nice . The sound quality is great . The nano comes with apple earphones , which are okay but hurt my ears as I am not used to them . I prefer to use my own headphones . It also comes with a very easy to follow guide , a USB charger cord , and the iTunes CD -LRB- another great program , by the way -RRB- . When I first saw the nano I thought it was way too small -LRB- and it is very small -RRB- but after about a day I was completely used to it 's size . To me the regular iPod is huge now . As for some of the cons I 've seen in these reviews
 I bought my nano about a week ago and it 's great product . You get exactly what the description says you will . The graphics are great , the color is beautiful . The album art feature is really nice . The sound quality is great . The nano comes with apple earphones , which are okay but hurt my ears as I am not used to them . I prefer to use my own headphones . It also comes with a very easy to follow guide , a USB charger cord , and the iTunes CD -LRB- another great program , by the way -RRB- . When I first saw the nano I thought it was way too small -LRB- and it is very small -RRB- but after about a day I was completely used to it 's size . To me the regular iPod is huge now . As for some of the cons I 've seen in these reviews
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Review : This will be the best selling player on the market . With a color screen , ultra portability , the nano is awesome . But , there are major flaws such as scratches . I know the ipod tend to scratch easily . But just one day in my pocket the nano was full of scratches , which is ridiculous . Buy the white nano because you wo n't see as many scractches . Also buy a screen protector !!! You will be thanking me later . Also , there seems to be a little buzz in the background when you play an mp3 song.Will cont . to update .
 I bought my nano about a week ago and it 's great product . You get exactly what the description says you will . The graphics are great , the color is beautiful . The album art feature is really nice . The sound quality is great . The nano comes with apple earphones , which are okay but hurt my ears as I am not used to them . I prefer to use my own headphones . It also comes with a very easy to follow guide , a USB charger cord , and the iTunes CD -LRB- another great program , by the way -RRB- . When I first saw the nano I thought it was way too small -LRB- and it is very small -RRB- but after about a day I was completely used to it 's size . To me the regular iPod is huge now . As for some of the cons I 've seen in these reviews
 I bought my nano about a week ago and it 's great product . You get exactly what the description says you will . The graphics are great , the color is beautiful . The album art feature is really nice . The sound quality is great . The nano comes with apple earphones , which are okay but hurt my ears as I am not used to them . I prefer to use my own headphones . It also comes with a very easy to follow guide , a USB charger cord , and the iTunes CD -LRB- another great program , by the way -RRB- . When I first saw the nano I thought it was way too small -LRB- and it is very small -RRB- but after about a day I was completely used to it 's size . To me the regular iPod is huge now . As for some of the cons I 've seen in these reviews
 if i had more money i 'd buy it . but i 'm broke so i 'll ask for it for xmas . waaaay better than the mini .
 This was my first iPod , and I had wanted a mini for a long time . But unfortunately , the mini got replaced by the nano as soon as I was about to buy it . I was very unsure about the nano at first , but I 've become very happy with it . But , as with any iPod , there are some downsides.Pros : - Small , so it fits basically anywhere.-Brighter screen than the mini.-One of my friends has a mini , and the volume on the nano seems to go louder than the mini.-It 's able to store pictures and contacts , among others.-The screen is colored , unlike the black-and-white mini.-I 've read many reviews saying it 's very fragile , but I 've dropped it quite a few times and it has n't broken -LRB- yet -RRB- . Cons : - The headphones plug in at the bottom , which is kinda stupid and takes some getting used to.-It 's almost TOO small . It 's very easy to lose.-Fingerprints show up very easily on the back chrome side , as well as the front.-It comes in limited colors.-The acessories it comes with does not include a charger that plugs into the wall , only one that plugs into the computer.-It scratches very easily.Overall , I think this is worth 4 stars . It 's a good first iPod for people who have not had another different iPod , because this would probably take a while to get used to after having a different one .
 This gaget is a great way to take your entire library out with you when you exercise . Most people are aware of the plusses ... I thought I 'd write up what I think are negatives . -- I did n't like how you have to purchase a sleeve to carry the ipod in . Most mp3 players come with this accessory . -LRB- You also have to purchase other accessories , which I think is a racket -RRB- -- Choosing which songs or playlist you listen to is difficult when you 're on the move . My other players have buttons that are easy to feel and navigate once you learn where they are . -- For the same reason , it 's also difficult to change the volume.When running , I actually prefer my older mp3 player that does n't hold as many songs as my ipod . I think if I had known it was so difficult to search and change the settings while running I 'd have chosen a different player .
 I had an iPod shuffle I was pretty happy with , but a couple weeks after Apple released the iPod nano , I finished a job and got a chunk of money for it . To celebrate , I went out and purchased a nano.The nano looks fairly unexciting on this page , but once you see one in person -- most electronics stores will have one -- you 'll understand the appeal . This device is incredibly small ; I do n't think they could 've made it any smaller without making the screen too small to read , the click wheel too small to use , and the ports too small to connect to . It feels practically weightless , and fits in the tightest pockets . If you 've ever seen the iPod shuffle , the nano is about half as thick and twice as wide.The screen is beautiful , with sharp text and vivid color . The click wheel has a slightly different texture from the surrounding plastic , which helps when using the device in the dark . The click wheel-based interface is very intuitive
 I 've been using my 20 Gigabyte Ipod 4G for a while now and been quietly watching Apple unveil one after another , upgrades to my now defunct Ipod . The Ipod photo which is now standard on the 20 gigabyte and higher models comes in color , longer battery life , and it allows users to view photos . The Ipod shuffle was pretty much a low end flop . Although with its flash memory and relatively small size/price , Jobs even admitted he did n't quite get the same response out as he was expecting.But enter Ipod Nano - the response has already been tremendous . People I know who want one now have been calling stores nearby to find one and most of the 4GB ones are sold out . I can imagine it 'll be like that for a while.Pros : What I like about the 4GB model is exactly what I did n't like about my Ipod 20GB model . I did n't use the space at all . I have in rotation about 1000 + songs and I rarely listen to all of them . In fact , I mostly rely on my playlists of about 50 + songs . So really , I was only using about 1/5th the space on the Ipod 20GB model . With the Nano , you get the best of both worlds . Realistically , the most space a typical music listener will ever need is about 4GB or about 1000 songs . I 've discovered this with my 20GB Ipod and now unfortunately regret buying the larger model . So Nano to me , fits what I think most music listeners would need in terms of space.What immediately knocks my socks off with this new Ipod Nano model is the size and weight . When I was going over the product description , it was listed as 1.5 Ounces . I was thinking oh that 's only 1/4th the weight of my Ipod 20GB . But then I took the Nano and compared it to household items I have . To put it in perspective
 I 'm not a computer genius and I really hate spending hours going through instruction manuals , so I was a little reluctant getting an ipod . But when I held the ipod nano in my hands at the Apple store I thought I 'd give it a try . My primary purpose in getting one of these was not to download music off the net but to listen to songs from the 500 + cd 's that I have wasted so much money on over the years . The first thing I liked was that the manual was just a few pages long - everything you need to get started and actually use the nano . Very simple and easy to understand , unlike my digital camera instruction manual , which is the same size as a Stephen King novel . The advanced features are all explained on the website - which was also pretty informative and simple . You simply load the itunes disc that came with the nano . If you select the recommended option of automatically updating - your ipod will mirror exactly what is in itunes . Once itunes is loaded on your pc you will want to get your cd 's onto the nano . You simply put in a cd . If you are on the internet itunes will `` read '' the cd and come up with all the information - song title , artist , album . You select the songs from the cd that you want to transfer . This is what I like about the ipod - I 'm listening to the 1 or 2 great songs from cd 's that I have n't heard in years . It took me about 1 minute per song to transfer to itunes . This is the time consuming part -LRB- you do the math on 1000 songs -RRB- but it is unavoidable and you do n't have to do it all at once . Once you have enough songs for now you connect the ipod to your pc 's 2.0 usb port with the included connector . The entire contents of itunes will automatically transfer to your nano in an incredibly short time . Once your ipod is charged -LRB- a couple/few hours connected to the same usb port -RRB- you 're ready to play with your new toy . And this is the coolest toy you 've gotten in quite a long time . The songs are easily accessible by song title or artist , or shuffle through everything -LRB- like a radio station programmed by you -RRB- . Very easy to understand controls and menus . The sound from the nano is wonderful , clearer and louder than any portable cd player I 've ever owned . I 've had it for a couple weeks and have not experienced any problems at all . Recommened even for the technically challenged .
 I do n't know what all the fuss is about . I 've had mine a week and do not have a single scratch on it . I 've had it in my -LRB- otherwise empty -RRB- pockets , dropped it a couple of times -LRB- from a short height onto carpet -RRB- , and it still looks as good as new.OK , I am paranoid about scratches until the nanotubes ship , so I handle mine as carefully as possible . But I fully expect it to be in great condition when the tubes ship next month.Black will show scratches more easily than white , so think about that before you get a black one . I chose a white one for that reason.I feel it should have come with a dock for $ 250 , but I knew it would n't and I was OK buying it without . I 'll get a dock later.Some folks are leaving the plastic protective sheet on the front until the tubes ship . Great idea , you 'll have a perfect condition nano !
 Replacing the iPod mini in the middle of Apple 's iPod line , the nano fills the spot nicely , bringing a lot of nice features and a few compromises.The nano uses flash memory chips for storing the music and data , unlike the 1 '' hard drive found in the mini and 1.8 '' drive in the full-size iPods . The benefits of the flash memory are multifold - battery life is very good , there 's no skipping , and no chance of damage to moving parts from shock . An added benefit is that songs load up instantly , unlike on hard drive based iPods where there would be a slight delay as the hard drive spun up if the song requested was n't in the memory buffer.The nano also takes cues from its bigger brothers , with a very bright color screen with higher resolution than the mini 's -LRB- 176x132 vs. 138x110 -RRB- , photo viewing capability , and the signature white and silver body . It also has a few exclusive features , including a nifty Stopwatch , a Screen Lock feature styled after a combination lock , and an enhanced Clock . Unfortunately like the mini , you ca n't install Mac OS X on it and use it as a boot disk.In usage , the nano works like a charm , though the bottom-mounted headphone jack takes a little getting used to after four years of it being on top . Battery life ranges from 12-15 hours in mixed usage , with it coming in on the low side if I listen to high-bitrate files -LRB- probably has to read from more memory -RRB- . The screen is wonderful when the backlight is on , but visibility outside is n't as good as the old monochrome screens.Despite its positives , the nano has some things that are n't so great . The headphone jack is located on the bottom and has no additional connector like on past non-Shuffle iPods , so the remote control no longer has a place to plug in . This also means that accessories that use the remote port like FM transmitters will not work . It goes without saying the accessory manufacturers will produce a ton of goodies for the nano by virtue of it being an iPod , so the concern is mainly for iPod owners with existing accessories or things on the market currently that wo n't work with the nano.In going with a clear plastic/stainless steel design like the big iPods , the nano is more scratch and dent prone , unlike the mini , which was a tank with its rugged aluminum casing . I 've already scuffed the back of the nano after only five days of usage , while my 18-month old mini looks virtually new . The nano also features a miniaturized version of the excellent Click Wheel , which can be a little tough to work for those with big fingers . It does n't depress as far and the center portion is flush with the unit , which makes selecting things a bit tough occasionally.Of note is that the nano can not connect to your computer over FireWire , though it will charge . USB is the only way to sync , and users with the older USB spec will be waiting a while to fill up the nano . Even with photo viewing abilities , the nano can not output it to a TV like big color iPods , so the implementation is halfway since the screen is too small for any extended viewing . On this initial firmware revision -LRB- 1.0 -RRB- , navigating back and forth through menus can get a little laggy at times , with the menus not coming on smoothly if you press the buttons too fast.After countless iPods Apple still has not included an easily-replaceable battery , so when it eventually dies you 'll either have to send it back to Apple or attempt to crack the nano open . The lithium-polymer battery Apple uses will last anywhere from 18 months to 3 years depending on how often it 's recharged and how it 's used . Running your iPod until it 's completely dead -LRB- total discharge -RRB- is bad for the battery , and will cut down on its lifespan.Apple 's been bringing the price of iPods down steadily , but has been accomplishing this partly by cutting down on accessories packed in the box . My 3G iPod came with a wealth of goodies , but the nano only comes with the omnipresent white earbuds , a CD , USB cable , and a piece of plastic to enable the nano to fit into future docking accessories . The buds look neat , but the sound quality leaves much to be desired . Picking up a quality pair of headphones will do wonders for your auditory experience.I 've owned every iPod since the original 5GB unit all the way back in 2001 . For its greater capacity and use as a backup drive I 'm keeping my 60GB iPod photo around , but for daily use the nano is where it 's at . It deftly combines the advantages of the flash-based Shuffle with the perks of the full-sized iPods and adds its own unique tricks to the bag . Packing 4GB of flash memory with all of its advantages at a decent price is no small feat , and the smallness of the the design has to be held to be believed . Not many reservations , and definitely recommended .
 The iPod 's USB interface recharges from a computer USB connection only . This means if you want to go anywhere that does not have a PC available for recharging then you are left with a dead hunk of metal until you find a computer to power it up again . It takes about four hours to do a full recharge -LRB- and half a day to charge when out of the box , not 4 hours like it says in the manual -RRB- , so I am not sure how you will feel about leaving your $ 300 iPod with an Internet Caf&eacute; while on holiday or away from home . You need to buy a USB power adaptor if you want to plug your iPod into the mains . Without the power adaptor , which costs an extra $ 30 , you are limited to PC recharging only . So be prepared to pay more than just the cost of the iPod for these nitpicky add-ons . The iPod is an amazing device on two counts . One is that there is absolutely nothing on the market that is this size and holds so much data . Palms can not compete for storage size , end of story . Even the low-end 4GB iPods are overkill for MP3 playback . The clickwheel at the front of the iPod is genius . You move your thumb in a circle to scroll everything in the menu or volume . It has an amazing blue ambient backlight for night viewing . There is a top switch for locking the menu buttons so you ca n't accidentally adjust volume . If the headphones jack out by mistake the unit pauses automatically . The iPod mini series can easily go undetected in your jeans ' pocket . The full version is a little bulkier but not by much more than already stated . The Nano series is nearly invisible . If you read the manual properly you can even store data files on the unit -LRB- in the notes folder etc. -RRB- , so you can also use the iPod as a mass storage device for transporting files . As for extras , well it is quite smart . The software is updated by Apple over the internet , so you have calendars , address books , time-zones and an assortment of other extras that give the unit more class . However the alarm clock is just garbage because the device has a very limited internal speaker that is designed for just low-level ` clicking ' sounds . The iPod is both PC and Apple compatible . The earphones are really well designed ; the white cord plastic even feels nice with a respectable length that does not tangle . However the universal white nature and shape of the earphones makes it easier to identify you as an iPod user . Although there are claims that the iPod is scratchproof , this is absolutely not the case . My metal is already starting to show scratches after a month of use . The screen , for all intents and purposes , scratches the same as a mobile phone does . Whoever programmed the sound software deserves a Gold Medal . The only sound system that even comes close to matching the iPod 's sound quality is DOLBY DIGITAL or THX . The iPod is in that league . An expensive hi-fi system will not even sound as good as it.The iPod file loading is not as easy as it seems . You must start working on your MP3 files before you can use it . This means right clicking the MP3 file -LRB- or group select -RRB- going into the file 's properties and inputting genre , artists , albums , so that the naming systems work when in the iPod . You load the MP3 files into the Library of the iTunes software and see if you have the lists alright before finally dumping the chosen library selections onto the iPod 's hard drive and taking your whole music collection for a walk on your hip . This could well be the FIRST MUST-HAVE APPLE PRODUCT that a PC user should own . * Note - There is one major downside to the way the iPod plays files . You can not have continuous play of an album without breaks between tracks . If you want to solve this you need to join up your album into one giant MP3 track using external MP3 software . However Apple updates their software and firmware so maybe in the future they will solve this issue.Pros : - THX , DOLBY DIGITAL quality music centre that fits in your palm . - Cosmos sized tiny hard drive . - Design and Clickwheel . - Apple supportCons : - Mains Power Adaptor Costs extra . - Tracks pause between each other . - MP3 files must be annotated . - Recharging time is a bit long .
 I love the iPod . Always have . At home , we have five , including this one
 Great product . I really do n't see why you would want to spend more on the new version . Other than being a bit skinnier the new version has nothing over this one . I actually think this one is nicer looking . Of course , the sound quality is awesome and the capacity is just what you need . Fully recommended !
 I am enjoying my IPod as I type . This on one of my best personal purchases I made in a long time . THANKS Apple ...
 After using many different brands of MP3 players I have stopped at the iPod Nano . The interface is very simple to use and the bright color screen helps tremendously . The touch wheel keeps that analog volume knob feel instead of a joystick that you hold up or down . Which also doubles as a scroll wheel to make selections.My only complaint I can think of is the iPod is a recharge only system . Also you need iTunes in order to add or delete music from your iPod .
 I loved it so much I bought 2 more as gifts . The earbuds are perfect ... they stay in almost without being felt . The sound is great and I love having 500 songs at my fingertips .
 This arrived very quickly . My Daughter was thrilled the one she had gotten for her birthday was defection and this really made her day
 Excellent !!! My wife loves it and it is very easy to use . It has a lot of memory to store books and songs . I highly recommend this product .
 Wow ! This is a great product . Granted I just opened it yesterday but have already uploaded 439 songs and they all play beautifully . I love this gadget ! It 's small enough to fit in my coin pocket on my jeans -LRB- the little one in the top portion of a 5 pocket pair -RRB- and rests perfectly in the palm of my hand . iTunes was nice and easy to use as well . I 'm very pleased with what Apple 's come up with , at least so far . I bought it to -LRB- a get rid of the hassel of all of my CDs , cases , players , headphones , and batteries ... oh the money that I 've spent on batteries ! and -LRB- b to help introduce myself to other realms of music without having to buy CD-R and burn songs . It may sound silly , but I think it will be a lot easier to experience other types and I 'm really excited about expanding my musical world . So exciting !!!
 I am so very happy that I purchased the white Apple 4G iPod!I have used it everyday since . It is so Easy to learn how to use.I have downloaded 525 songs still have lots to go . Also I am a picture freak -LRB- I have 6 daughters ! -RRB- and so happy that this one holds all my Photos!Highly Highly recommend !
 I got an white Ipod nano about a month ago for my 13th brithday . I have been taking it EVERYWHERE with me and so far only ONE sratch near the wheel no big deal though . I have even droped it from about 4 feet high on my hardwood floors , still nothing.The sound is AMAZING so far I have only put CDs on it , but they still sound great . I only have 45 songs on it curently but I have only used a very tiny bit of space on it.It also includes 4 mini games `` Music quiz '' -LRB- It play clips from your songs and you guess what song it is -RRB- , Brick , Parachute and Solitaire.It 's also VERY tiny . It make 's my sister 's 20GB ipod seem huge.The apple earbuds are rather large though , they are slightly to big for my ears . So if you do n't have really big ears count on buying smaller ones.They battery life culd be longer , if you are playing the games on it it dies very fast.The only other bad thing is there is NOTHING out for it other than from websites and I 'd rather get something from a store . I 've been to 2 Best Buys ,2 Targets , CompUSA and Circit City -LRB- I live in the DC area -RRB- and still have not found ANYTHING other than those overpriced Ipod `` socks '' and I 'm NOT willing to spend 23 $ on SOCKS for my ipod.Overall it 's fantastic and well worth the money .
 I can really recommend this Nano because of it 's size and it 's easy interface with I-tunes . I-tunes really makes it easy for my daughter to manage her music collection and synch it with the Nano . I personally have an iPod Video , as the screen is much bigger , however the Nano is better suited for kids .
 Item as good as described . Excellent saler . Recommend and want to do business again in the future . 5 stars grade
 When I got this iPod originally the only contact I 'd had with an iPod before was an occasional use of an iPod Classic . And to say , having had it for about 5 years -LRB- I think -RRB- I rarely go anywhere without it.Despite the lack of choice colour-wise , the nano does n't suffer because the white and chrome look suits and gives an easy choice of headphones -LRB- as opposed , for example , to people who own bright pink iPods , and have to have white headphones r pay more -RRB- . It 's stylish and light.It 's portable and literally fits in your pocket -LRB- or for us women , in bras , or exceptionally tight jeans - though I would n't advise leaving it unprotected in your jeans pocket -RRB- . I would however reccommend you buy a clip and carry case for it , that not only protects it more but allows those of us who prefer to change music often , to clip it to the outside of our clothes . If you get good , you can even choose music without looking this way!Now , I ca n't vouch for how it would have lasted without this case , BUT mine has survived multiple drops off of bunkbeds and onto concrete floors with minimal scratching and as of yet , no permanant damage , so I 'd suggest it 's hardy.The battery life is astonishing - it outlasts my phone most times and I listen to music pretty much non stop . If you do n't change music too often , mine can last over a week playing music for the best part of the day . Even when it says it 's pretty much out of battery it can last for over half an hour longer , even with its colour screenThe sound quality really depends on the headphones you buy -LRB- I 've tried loads -RRB- but it can reach a very loud volume and also can be heard when quiet too . Beautiful sounds whether it 's playing Nickelback and Linkin Park , or Enya and Debussy - I promise ... . after all , I know.Add this to the fact you can change what 's on your main menu and edit playlists when on iTunes , and I 'd say it 's one of the easiest iPods to use -LRB- and nobody in my house owns the same one -RRB- - it beats later generation nanos , minis , and the only real contender is the classic because it holds more music - which is the one downfall of the original Nano ; 4GB is just NOT enough for me and the music lovers!In fact I am so attached to this iPod that , now it 's full , I 'm trying to buy a second iPod Nano 1st Gen so I can fill that up with the rest of my music . I 'd rather have two 4GB 1st Gen Nanos than 1 larger and less amazing iPod at my disposal - after all , sometimes , for quality , you make sacrifices ... not that owning two of these beauties is a sacrifice !
 Great product ! It was exactly how it was described and I had no problems with the transaction at all . I bought this as a gift and he was very happy with it .
 I received my 4gb pink nano as a Christmas present last year and so far so GREAT !!! I have no complaints at all . My nano has withstood two teenage sons taking it from room to room , one 12 yr old daughter who goes horse riding listening to it and me , who takes it along to work and endures the bus ride home . Its always had a cover on it which I insist or they dont borrow it and for the longest time I kept the covering on the screen and dial but after 6 months my son removed them and still NO scratches and this nano is in pockets , purses , backpacks and sometimes just lying around , its been dropped I hate to say and still working like a charm . we love this little gadget of technology and this Christmas my 3 kids are getting their own so maybe mom can have hers back !! I would recommend it !!!!
 The timing was great ! The package was sealed , brand new like stated it would be . I received my Ipod within days ! Thank you so much ! I love it !
 It is small , with a cool design , ideal for going to the gym.The only thing that I do n't like is that it has n't got radio AM/FM .
 I use my Ipod Nano daily . This product is wonderful because it allows you to bring your music or audiobook ANYWHERE . For example , I take it to work , I bring it home and put it into my Ipod alarm clock , I take it in my car and have the tunes broadcast to through my radio , etc. ... I liked the Ipod Nano so much that I also bought a video Ipod so I can watch movies , film clips , etc.Worth every penny , but you might want to get the video Ipod as well because it does everything that the Nano does plus video . I love them both !
 OK , so the black apple ipod nano . REALLY FAST , even with heaps of song on it , it still keeps up with your fingers . it is VERY EASILY scratched , so watch it ! The sounds is fantastic ! True story i was on the bus and i got told tp turn it down cause the people at the back could here it -LRB- SERIOUSLY -RRB- The screen is outstanding , the graphics are almost unbeliveable for such a small screen . The back light works great at night , but note to self
 The new iPod Nano is a great improvement on my 2nd generation 40 gig iPod - battery life , color interface , size & weight , storage . It 's delicate , so I highly recommend a case.Only one thing is disconcerting -LRB- and it 's similar to my old 40 gig iPod -RRB-
 Just because this is the latest iPod in the market today and its seems that everybody has one and its beautifull and so great , be aware that this may not be for you . I reccomend anyone to use it before they buy it . This only comes in 2GB to 4GB max . -LRB- 1GB is the latest model -RRB- + the nano scratched awfully easily and leaves fingerprints that are almost impossible to clean off . I recommend you to buy a cover for it . Also , if you get one of these be aware that you must be EXTRA carefull with it , as it can very easily brake . + you can not watch any type of video/movie/motion on it , only pictures within a 1.5 inch screen . However , the screen has beutifull colors.I already reviewed this item previously so this is only a reminder . Read my full review if you want.Little description of what you may want : iPod Shuffle
 I have only had my Nano for a few days , but I LOVE it ! My boyfriend got it for my for my b-day and loved it so much he got himself one!I was so amazed with the small size and how incredibly light weight it is . So far I have about 700 songs downloaded onto it . I recommend getting the car stereo adaptor which I have and it is amazing!Now , one reviewer said something about the Nano being flimsy and it will break if you drop it . Obviously you need to take care of this device and if you 're clumsy and drop it then you deserve to have it break . As for the scratches on the screen , I have not removed the protective plastic that is on my Nano to protect it from well scratches . If you have removed that protective plastic , simply go to Radioshack or another electronics store and ask for PDA protectors . They come in sheets of 4 and you can cut them to if the Nano screen and vioila ! Insta-scratch protector!Like I said , I have only had mine for 5 days but so far I am in love !
 The original item arrived broken , another was shipped out but did n't arrive for several days . Other folks I purchase items from send replacement items via overnight shipping .
 This thing is so tiny - check it out at the Apple store , because you 're going to be impressed!the sound quality is terrific and the color screen is solid , overall , for photo viewingFor $ 250 -LRB- or $ 200 for the smaller version -RRB- you are getting a TON for a very low priceThe sound quality in this thing is also excellent - no comprised quality at allAnd lastly , the thing is pretty ca n't be destroyed - rock solid construction , that stays intact , regardless of abuse1 . tough construction2 . great sound quality3 . tiny as heck4 . low priceI highly recommend it!HAPPY BUYING !!!
 iPods are beautiful , highly crafted.iPods dominate the market.Apple sells million of iPods worldwide.iPods are priced between $ 150.00 to $ 400.00 . iPods are not cheap.Apple 's revenues are in the multibillion dollars.Why then , why ca n't they include a nice plastic case for the earbuds?Mind boggling is n't it .
 I got my iPod nano soon after I saw how beautiful and tiny it was at an Apple store.After 4 months of almost every day use , I found it a delightful , fun , easy-to-use device , with some flaws .1 . It is ultra ultra small . So keep it connected to a ear bud , or risk losing it .2 . On a 4G nano , I store 500-600 songs at 192 kbps , or you can store 1000 songs at 128 kbps .3 . I have a white nano , and its small color screen scratches -LRB- too -RRB- easily.So , I never carry a nano in my jean pocket .4 . Contacts information can be stored and viewed on a nano.But remember it is not a PDA , where information can be edited .5 . Local time , one per city , can be viewed on a nano , but this is often annoyingly off by one hour .6 . I lost my iTunes database , due to a computer harddisk failure.I tried many different things , all unsuccessful , to restore the iTunes database from the iPod nano.So , back up your iTunes database regularly , as a nano can not serve as a backup device .7 . Playing . mp3 music using Windows Media Player sounds much better than Apple 's iTunes player.So , I maintain two music databases , one for Windows and one for iPod , and turn off sync ` ing to Windows player.Highly recommended . Be advised , and enjoy !
 After trying the SONY NW-HD5 and Creative 40Gb Zen Touch , the iPOD NANO is the most practical plyaer you can actually put it in your pocket without feeling the weight . I had a little trouble setting it up initially -LRB- player froze upon connecting to my compter -RRB- . After resetting the player and uninstalling and reinstalling the software , it worked flawlessly . It also displayed Chinese song information without any problem ! The volume is loud enough that I usually set it at ~ 70 % . I simply love it .
 The Ipod Nano is a very worthy successor to the wildly popular Ipod mini and is a great addition to the Ipod family . This thing is tiny . You wo n't believe how tiny it really is until you have it in your hands . The Nano pretty much does everything the big 20g Ipod can do , except it holds only 1000 songs with 4g model and 500 with the 2g as well as photos and album art . It also includes a stopwatch which is handy when I go running . It is also extremely light . I thought the Mini was light , but this feels like a feather not to mention extremely thin . It slides into my front pocket with ease . The screen is smaller of course , but does n't lose its clarity . There is also the return of the touch sensitive click wheel first introduced on the Ipod Mini . It works very well sifting through songs in seconds . The Nano comes in the familar white and a very slick black , however the black one will definitely show more scratches . Gone are the variety of colors of the Mini.The only gripe I have about the Nano is that it is extremely proned to scratches . I was extremely careful with it even handling it with a microfiber cloth , yet still managed to get scratches on it . I do n't know if it 's only me , but I get really anal about scratches on brand new products I 've bought . You would think after coming out with the other Ipods that suffered the same problem , Apple would 've been smart and covered the Nano with a scratch resistant material .
 The iPod Nano is `` THE '' flash based audio player . The looks are amazing , I mean you do n't really know how small it is untill you hold one in your hands . If you are worried about scratching the nano just buy a case , but me I do n't really care if it gets scratches . I bought the iPod Nano for a portable audio player , not eye candy -LRB- which it does do a fine job at -RRB- . iTunes is wonderful if you only have one iPod , if you have more than one you might run into some problems . However their is a remedy , 3rd party programs such as Anapod and many others work with the iPods just as good or better than iTunes -LRB- I say Better -RRB- . Buy one now !
 I got the nano immediatley when it came out . It is spectacular.Pros : - the click wheel , even though it is so thin , you still recieve feedback-the color display is very vivid and clear-sound goes very loud , if you put the volume all the way up , you may bust the speakers -LRB- it goes much louder than the mini -RRB- - when you put photos on it , they come out very clear-easy to keep organized-lots of memory-lots of accessories-free version of iTunes-guide booklet-free headphones-hold switch-very small , fits in coin pocket in jeans-calendar-contacts-stopwatch-alarm clock-audiobooks-podcasts-games-displays album art-superior sound quality-can get engraved for free -LRB- apple.com -RRB- Cons : - gets scratched very easily , I reccommend buying a case online -LRB- not from apple -RRB- , mine has not gotten a scratch on it yet because of my cover , and I dropped it under a crosstrainer and pedaled over it -LRB- on accident -RRB- - runs out of battery life VERY easily , not very good for road trips , runs out in about 8 hours-speakers get busted VERY easily-can get lost easily - ??? No more complaints
 I 've had and enjoyed my mini for a year or so now . Just bought a nano and A/B 'd the sound on the two ; same songs , same headphones , same eq settings . The nano quality is so much better I could hardly believe it . I read the other reviews saying the same and thought to myself , `` I doubt I 'll notice much '' but the difference is quite noticeable . Its still brand new , but so far I love it . Only disappointment is that the nano does n't come with an AC adapter for charging -LRB- the mini does -RRB- .
 Greatest Ipod ever ! I 've had the choice of this and the Video , but this beats the Video by a mile . First of all the Video is huge and what is the point of having a video feature if it only lasts 2 straight hours on full charge . Secondly all my friend have the video and the response time on it is very slow . With the Nano i can skip and scroll twice as fast . Finally do n't listen to people who say it is n't durable . I have tested this out . First to prove to all of my Video friends I threw it at the wall and it still worked . Tonight I faced a problem . I was walking to someone 's house and accidently dropped it . I did n't notice that i did n't have it for another 3 hours . So my nano was outside for 3 hours in 18 degree weather . When I eventually found it , there was ice on it and it worked fine . THE NANO ROCKS !!!!!!!!!
 I bought this Ipod 4G to replace my 2G one that got stolen and chose more memory as the 2G got filled up too quickly . Can say that this is probably the best size in terms of memory . Otherwise , as usual with Macs , very easy to use , even for low-tech people like myself , beautiful design , small and light , not too fragile , just great on the go .
 I have had my ipod nano since ... I think late October , and since then , I have found myself unable to put it down ! My little nano -LRB- OK , OK -RRB- goes with me everywhere ; to Philidelphia , to school , in the car , to the movie theater and plays -LRB- yes , I 'll admit it -RRB- . Surprisingly enough , I havent lost it or left it anywhere -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- . My nano holds all the songs and books that I want , and I 'm absolutely ADDICTED to the built in solitare game.My only complaint ? The screen scratches at the slightest touch . I eventually got a fabulous iskin to put over it with a built in screen protector and that worked marvelously ; definitly worth the extra $ 30 . In conclusion ; this is probobly my most prized possesion-sad , I know . Worth every penny.The nano is : - easy to use-easy to take anywhere-color -LRB- !!! -RRB- - holds pictures -LRB- no purpose whatsoever , but still fun -RRB- - delightfully small and adorable-comes in two colors , but I would suggest the white because you can get more of those cool cases like that -LRB- for cases , go to iskin.com and find the duo case-its what I have and its just great ! -RRB- If I havent made any sense due to all of my wonderfully crazy enthusiasm , I 'm sorry , you 'll live ! Now , go , everyone , and get one of these , before it 's too late !!! Thanks , Riva -LRB- Michele 's daugter -RRB-
 In the past I 've been fairly negative towards Apple , having owned 5 or 6 non-Apple MP3 players , but I 'll never know why . This thing is awesome , small , and quite useful . It scratches easily , but I 've only had one other MP3 player that did n't scratch horribly within the first week I had it . 4GB is nowhere near large enough to hold my collection , but it 's more than enough space to load once a week and still be happy.I 'd strongly suggest a case , and an armband if you 're planning on using it while you run , bike or workout . Very easy to install iTunes and to connect the iPod - I was even impressed it arrived fully charged.The screen is a little too small to effectively view pictures , but it doubles nicely as a portable hard drive to occasionally transfer larger files from one machine to another . My only regret is Apple has n't released a larger storage version of the nano yet .
 I never thought I would own an iPod or any other mp3 player . I always said that I 'd have one if I were younger -LRB- I 'm in my 30 's -RRB- ... To think of all those years I spent making mix tapes to listen to on my big old clunky walkman when I was younger ... Who knew ? I LOVE my Nano!It is great at the gym with lanyard headphones or in the car played through my car stereo . Using iTunes , I was easily able to put all my favorite albums and songs from a pretty large CD collection , plus all the songs I 've purchased online , onto my iPod . Making different playlists was pretty simple , and the Nano also categorizes songs in alphabetical order by title , by album title , by genre , and by composer . I can always find the perfect music to listen to for any mood or activity.Adding photos is simple and the extras , such as games , a calendar , and a stopwatch are pretty neat . The dial works with the lightest touch and is simple to use even without looking . As an added bonus , there are lots of great accessories made for the Nano.I do n't care to watch videos on my player , so the small and sleek Nano is perfect for me . I ca n't imagine living without it .
 I 'm a newbie to IPODs , bought this and the Bose sounddock . It took me a little while to figure out how to download music from Itunes but I 'm a happy girl today . Sound is great , Ipod is dinky but powerful . Highly recommend .
 I am giving it a 4 due to the simple fact of battery replacement . I am not looking forward to the day that it simply does n't hold a charge anymore . But , I am confident that by that time , some 3rd party smartie will have an aftermarket battery solution . Keeping my fingers crossed ...
 I got a the 4GB white Nano about 3 months ago and it was my first iPod . In fact , it was my first real mp3 player.The interface is incredibly simple and quick to use . I played around with my brother 's Samsung Yepp-1UZ -LRB- which I also reviewed -RRB- and felt that the iPod is definitely ahead of its competition in terms of quality and usability.The sound quality is great , but the battery life is a bit short . I 'm finding that I can get about 9-10 hours of battery out of it , but since I listen to my Nano mostly in my car , I usually have it plugged into the charger .
 The newest , latest , hippest MP3 player on the market . The iPod nano is definitely the best MP3 player for its price and its size . Thousands of songs are available at your fingertips . Just a click of the button and music flows from your pocket right into your ears . Everyone should have one of these trendy little devices . They are affordable , useful , and compact.Though price is a big issue when purchasing a music player , you will not find it a problem here . The iPod nano ranges from 199 to 250 dollars . It comes with a USB cable to plug into a computer to charge it . No other attachments are necessary to run this amazing machine . The 199 dollar iPod holds 500 songs , while the 250 dollar iPod holds an incredible 1,000 songs . I find the 250 dollar iPod to be a better investment for your money , holding 500 more songs for only 50 more dollars.Anybody and everybody can use an iPod nano . To download songs all you have to do is hook it up to any music downloading computer . Within a matter of minutes hundreds of songs are ready to listen to . Since the battery life is a full fourteen hours , this machine is perfect for people on the go . Personally I find it essential on college campus . Walking around , between classes , even catching up on some studying I put the headphones in and time just flies . Office workers may use it to listen since no one else can hear it . It is great for people who love to workout and run . Since there is no skipping like a typical C.D. player , it can be easily tossed and jarred while still playing the music skip-free . Most importantly for most people is the size of the MP3 player . This little gadget has all the rest beat . Weighing in at only 1.5 ounces and 3.5 inches long , this little device slips securely into any pocket . It has a full color screen that displays the song title and artist . `` So your music looks as good as it sounds '' Apple company says . The headphones can slip under a jacket or shirt to be undetectable . Apple also says that this product is meant to be worn and forgotten about . It is so light and compact that there are iPod necklaces made to fit it snuggly around a persons neck . The only person who knows you are listening to music is YOU.The new iPod nano by Apple is unquestionably the best MP3 for your buck . It allows you to listen to music anytime and anyplace . Light and affordable , there is no reason not to treat yourself to this trendy machine . So slip an iPod nano into your pocket today , and get jamming !
 I am amazed at my Nano . The size . The weight . The functionality.I love my 40G iPod and it will certainly have its uses , but it feels like you 're lugging around a 20lb weight when you compare it to the Nano . As mentioned in my review of the 40G , it can be tough managing 7k songs . The Nano makes it a little easier to play w/the 1000-1200 it holds . The tough part is whittling down the 12k in my library to 10 % , but it can be done.The Nano seems smaller in person than it does in the ads - or even when I played w/it in the store . I had considered a Shuffle for some more everyday living iPod uses , but am glad I held off ... the Nano was the right choice . I think having no screen at all -LRB- Shuffle -RRB- would have bothered me more than I realized . Nano is the good mixture of full iPod looks w/Shuffle portability . Some reviews here mention that there is no video capability and they were disappointed by that . I was n't - but knew going in that was not one of the options - nor what I was looking for.The screen is a little small for video features - and not even that great for album art features ... though it soothes my OCD by loading them in anyway.That being said - and as other reviewers have mentioned
 I bought my nano about a week ago and it 's great product . You get exactly what the description says you will . The graphics are great , the color is beautiful . The album art feature is really nice . The sound quality is great . The nano comes with apple earphones , which are okay but hurt my ears as I am not used to them . I prefer to use my own headphones . It also comes with a very easy to follow guide , a USB charger cord , and the iTunes CD -LRB- another great program , by the way -RRB- . When I first saw the nano I thought it was way too small -LRB- and it is very small -RRB- but after about a day I was completely used to it 's size . To me the regular iPod is huge now . As for some of the cons I 've seen in these reviews
 I am very happy with the new iPod I purchased . I 've only had it about a month & already have 375 songs on it . No problems . Delivery was quick & easy too .
 I recieved my iPod nano today as a late birthday gift , and let me say ... no picture on here does justice to the impossibly smal enigma that is this gizmo . It is quite litterally , nano.Beauty aside , this is a rather nice little toy ... The sound quality is wonderful , very crisp and clear.The screen , albiet small if you show album art , is wonderfully backlit and very colorful.People complain about the headphone jack being on the bottom of the unit , but this is not as inconvient as one may think . In fact , its easy to ajust too.The only reason I gave it 4 stars in the first place is because of figuring out the updated iTunes . My original music library holds about 11/2 GB over the alotted 4GB , and so what iTunes had done is created a playlist of my `` prefered '' music ... how exactly it recognized my prefereance is beyond me . Obviously , some of what it chose I did n't want , so I removed it . The trouble was adding some other music I DID want . I had a list of about 150 songs , unchecked a good number and attempted to load it into my nano . The checking makes no difference , apperently . You have to be willing to give a lot of time if you 're picky like myself and HAVE to have certain songs and not others . But once you do get the program all straightned out , this is a wonderful , functional unit from Apple that deserves its rating .
 This is a fantastic ipod . I fell in love with it the moment I opened the box , which happens to be as attractive as the device itself -LRB- very classy -RRB- . To note , this is my very first ipod , so everything about it seemed amazing . Among other things , I found the click wheel to be an ingenious marvel of engineering . You can click it , or simply move your thumb around it in circular fashion and control the volume , or scroll . It 's touch sensitive , and you barely even have to apply pressure to get any effect . It makes using the ipod a real pleasure . It 's simple and effective.In terms of size , I had seen many pictures , but it seemed twice as small . I still have fits of disbelief . It 's hard to believe something that small can hold that much music , but it does . And it 's so light , I often forget I 'm holding it . For that matter , I have to be careful not to drop it.Despite how small and flimsy it looks , it sounds like a giant stereo . I was tired of changing CDs all the time but my previous experiences with MP3 players have not been pleasant ones . The sound quality is exceptional though . It surpassed my expectations . I am , however , a bit disappointed by the apple headphones that come with it . I compared it with a Sony pair I have and they seem to dull the sound a bit.I ca n't comment on the scratching fiasco people are experiencing . From what I 've read , the black version of the ipod is more likely to show them than the white . But if you 're worried that much , like me , and you have some money to spare , invest in a silicone cover . You can find them all over the place now and they 're really useful for protecting it , even covering up scratches if you 're a victim . The only drawback with most covers is that they do n't protect the screen . The new iskin will solve that problem , and it should come out soon.The point is , you should n't be put off by the idea that it may scratch . If you do n't buy it because of that , you 'll miss out on a really amazing music player that really deserves some attention.This is one ripe , sweet apple .
 The iPod Nano is the second smallest iPod next to the Shuffle , albeit , it 's thinner . I think this has some people scared , after all , that 's only the height of 3 quarters stacked on top of each other . The first thing I said to myself when I first held it was , `` I really hope I do n't snap this thing in half . '' Obviously it 's not going to but it definitely does n't feel/look strong at all , I feel as if I 'm carrying a delicate egg with me that could break with the slightest pressure . Although this is not true , it really feels extremely fragile.Don ' t get me wrong , it 's a nice piece of technology . I brought it to school today for cross-country and left it in my locker during the day . I was sure to treat my little baby iPod Nano with all the care in the world especially when I have a half liter bottle of water in the same bag , which I was afraid was going to crush it . In the end it was n't crushed . After I took it out in the lockeroom and hooked it up to our stereo speakers it was touched by about 25 kids from my team . It took a beating ; finger prints all over the back and LCD , along with a few scratches.Are you worried you might break the LCD or scratch it into a piece of scrap metal ? I know I am , I 'd advise getting clear plastic adhesive protector such as the ones decalgirl.com sells . It will cover the entire iPod Nano which will cause minimal damage to it when it 's dropped , scratched , plus no more horrible fingerprints . Ya!On another note , I 'd advise getting a case of some sort whether it 's the armband or a protective case . The Nano is so small I 'd definitely feel better if it was encased in something sturdy and more robust . If you do n't care about all the Nano 's fancy fancy , and REALLY cool features , you might want to buy an iPod Mini from some online store.But besides all this junk about the cosmetics , the Nano has some amazing features . holds 500 songs -LRB- 2gb -RRB- , you can store and display photos , it has games , a calendar , a clock , contact list , notes , stopwatch , and a keypad lock.If you just spend a few extra dollars and invest in some protective accessories I think you will be extremely happy with the iPod Nano !
 Great music great radio but I hope the battery would be better than in my ipod mini .
 This is the first MP3 player I 've ever bought and I could n't be more pleased . I do n't really care for using iTunes with it but I use a third party software program to get around that.Overall , the sound quality is great especially for a small player and the interface is easy to get around . It gets my two thumbs up .
 I purchase the Nano Ipod for my wife as an anniversary present . She loved it . For someone who has everything this was perfect .
 I love my nano!im 13 and my mom ordered this off her account and im in love with it!I just got it today and i got the white one and i like it so much.there is a GREAT sound quality and its as thin as listerine !!! -LRB- im exajurating -RRB- but its really super thin!Right now i only have 30 songs on it but i know i 'm going to love it because of the great sound quality and just how mini this ipod can really get !!! I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO HAS A GREAT LOVE FOR MUSIC!good luck !!
 as I said in the title ... I am completely addicted to my nano !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if your gon na think about buyin one then ... get the 4gb one -LRB- it holds 1,000 songs vs. the 2gb only holds 500 somethin songs -RRB- . get a case for it -LRB- get one a.s.a.p. so it wont get banged up.and download every song youll want !!!!!! -LRB- truth be told
 This iPod is so light and small , if I did n't have the headphones connected , I would not know it was in my pocket.The sound is incredible , using it with iTunes is a breeze , it recharges quickly , I love the shuffle mode.The only small concern I have is that the plastic front does scratch easily . I make sure to not keep it in my pocket with keys or change and take great care to place it in safe locations when not in use . Still , somehow the front has scratched . I read an article on the web that using Brasso and a soft cloth will get rid of the scratches.A friend told me that , unlike the nano Tubes , there are 3rd party protectors that do cover the screen with a clear film -- the screen is the most important area . I 'll buy one and then the scratching problem is solved.The iPod nano is an incredible leap forward in micro-technology and portable audio .
 The nano certainly delivers as promised . It 's so small but packs a lot into that small package.The thing that amazed me the most was the volume through the headphones . I have had a couple of other small MP3 players , but could n't even use them for mowing or other yard work because they were n't loud enough.Not so with the Nano . Plenty of power for any occasion - including the car.Also , my experience with the battery life is that it is more than adequate.Great product . Glad I have one .
 I have always thought that iPods were over-priced and that buying one was just like buying Nike tennis shoes for the name only . I saw a friend 's 2 gig iPod at work and realized that I was wrong . One look at the display was all it took . I have two other mp3 players and there is simply no comparison for looks , functionality , and organization of your music , podcasts , and audio book files , as well as support for many audio formats . If you buy one , immediately get a case to protect your iPod , especially the screen . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 To start off , I 'm 14 , but didnt want to make an account . But this item is a MUST-HAVE product because it does everything a cd player does but it holds 1000 songs , does n't skip , and can fit in your pocket.If you do decide to purchase this product , make sure you pick up the little 5 pack of like green and blue covers because this item is pretty fragile . After being dropped a couple times , the flipping iPod basically died and would NOT turn -LRB- now I 'm getting it serviced and that takes from 2-6 weeks -RRB- just as a heads up for all you shoppers who are thinking of buying this iPod.Overall scoring : Sound quality -LRB- with heaphones included w/iPod -RRB-
 I 've had my nano for about a week now , and so far so good . It really is amazingly small . Maybe a bit too small as I have been known to leave wallets/cell phones in my pockets before doing my laundry . But that 's my own stupidity and I will be more than careful with this one . The sound is unbelievable from such a small device . Got rid of the `` mug me white '' headphones and picked up some Panasonic Shockwave earbuds in a cool red colour that matches great with my black 4 GB nano . The screen is incredibly crisp and legible - I was a bit sceptical as to whether or not the text would be too small to read but the guys at Apple have made it very easy to see . Like many other reviewers , the screen and the black surround scratch very easily . Even the matte grey wheel scratches too . I 'm surprised for the price Apple would n't include a small bag like you get with Oakley 's . I 'm also surprised that Apple would not include an A/C adapter . For something designed to go everywhere , making us shell out $ 49 -LRB- Canadian -RRB- seems a bit asinine . I 'm heading to Europe in about a month and will have to buy a charger as well as socket adapters . It works great with the Monster iCarPlay , but because of the nano 's small size , it is too thin for my vent-mounted cell phone holder , so it 's new spot is in my cup holder which looks a little ghetto . I 'm impressed with the storage capacity , but the most I could eke in was about 850 songs , which does n't include many tracks over 5 minutes . But 850 songs is about 2 days worth of music so no complaints really . I must admit , all the `` oohs '' and `` aahs '' it gets from friends is pretty flattering . I 've held off buying an iPod for the last few years for the very reason I bought the nano . It 's light , small , has no moving parts , and is perfect for what I need it to do - play tunes .
 We 're a 5 ipod family ; a 20GB 3G one that 's still going strong -LRB- recently supplanted by a 60GB video ipod because I needed more space -RRB- ; my kids both have Ipod minis , my wife has a shuffle , and now this new 4GB nano I bought her for her birthday.The only -LRB- really minor -RRB- qualm is that Apple `` cheaps out '' on the accesories vs. when i bought the 3G one several years ago . That one came with dock , charger , 2nd cord for usb , nice case , caps for the connector , and a volume and pause control feature that hooked up in-line to the headphones . A recent visit to best buy showed that if i were to buy those similar accessories I 'd be paying about another $ 100 . Still all in all another great product from apple and my wife loves it.Mark
 This is the best music player out there . But there is good and bad with everytingGood :1 . -RRB- portable - Great for trips2 . -RRB- compact - easyly fits in to purses and backpacks3 . -RRB- light weight - dose not weigh you down . You hardly know it is there .4 . -RRB- Great sound - Easy to hear what they are singing .5 . -RRB- Some what easy to use - once you get the hang of it . Thought it might take a little while . Just read the directions.Now the bad ... 1 . -RRB- Easy to misplace - it is so tiny it is hard to find .2 . -RRB- Easly scrached - After a few hours my nano had straches all over it . HANDLE WITH CARE . It is not like a toy .3 . -RRB- Forgetable - I had a friend forget it was in his pocket and jump in a pool . It was done for .4 . -RRB- Confusing - Some times my nano will do funky things like not turn on or freeze in the middle of a song and not play . -LRB- with a full battery ! -RRB- .5 . -RRB- Easly breaks in half - A few people I know their nanos just snapped in half . I bought a case for mine .6 . -RRB- It can be dropped easly - It is kind of slick . I droped it a few times -LRB- luckly on carpet . -RRB- Then I bought a jelly case -LRB- shock absober -RRB- It is fine now .7 . -RRB- Pricey - All the things you need to keep it in good shape like a case , a jelly case , screen protecter , and other things -LRB- maybe just for fun like the FM transmitter -RRB- add up . Not to menchion the nano itself is like 200 dollars.Over all this product is one of the favorite things I own . I would recomend it . Even though there are a few flaws it is still a great product !
 I just picked up my iPod Nano last night . I totally thought this thing was going to suck . Man oh man was I wrong . This thing is beyond belief . This thing is so damn small its unbelieveable . It is definitely worth getting if you do n't need all that extra space.Size
 I would like to point out that while it is true that 128kbs is not quite CD quality , most people will not be able to tell the difference using their earphones , which is how most people use an iPod . In fact using iTunes and converting using AAC at 128kbs the sound quality is actually even better than 128kbs using MP3 . I have downloaded more than 500 songs from the iTunes Music Store , all at 128kbs AAC and they sound great . I have also converted almost 500 CD 's using iTunes , also at AAC 128kbs ; they too sound great - much better than 8 track or cassette . Not even comparable , in fact . I listen to them using Etymotic ER6i earphones , which are much better than the iPod earphones and am more than satisfied with the sound.So how many songs do I have on my 4gig iPod nano ? I have 1010 songs on it as of today and I still have room for more . They average about 3-5 minutes each and were all converted at 128kbs AAC as mentioned before.The only caveat I have to offer is to be very careful with the nano as it 's finish is much more sensitive to scratches than any other iPod before . The black nano especially is prone to showing scratches after a few days if your ' e not careful.Other than that it 's a great product .
 This is my first iPod . My wife -LRB- and kids -RRB- bought it for me for Fathers Day this summer . After six weeks with this thing , I wonder what I did without it . On a recent -LRB- long ! -RRB- family trip , I set up a `` mix '' playlist that encompassed music that both she and I like -LRB- the kid had the dvd player -RRB- . For the first time in our relationship , there was no argument over music!I use it at the gym . I have a carabiner case , and it seems to hold up fine . I have an older laptop computer , so I 'll probably run out of storage space on the computer before the laptop.Again , I 'm just a newbie to the world of the iPod . My only regret is not getting an iPod sooner .
 I love these cd-r for my Sony Mavica camera ! I have tried several brands and have found these to have fewer error messages and to work better than the more expensive brands ! I highly recommend these and always keep plenty on hand myself ! The price is pretty good to !
 Bought these mini cd 's for a good price and fast shipping . These cd 's are kind of hard to find and I am glad I found them for a good price .
 I looked everywhere for discs for my older camera . Though outdated , it is still a great camera . Not only did I find exactly what I was looking for , but the price was incredible ! Thank you so much !! Now I do n't need to purchase a new camera !!
 I 've used these for a couple years now . They 're roughly the size of the 1.44 mb floppy discs . They fit into a shirt pocket easily.Now that so few computers come with floppy drives these are great when you need to share data , pictures , want to give someone a small sample of your recorded voice either reading or singing . For those who can remember how great floppies were when you wanted to share 1.44 mb of stuff ... well these are great when you 'd like to share 210mb with friends .
 I have n't used this yet but I have enjoyed studing how to use it properly when I go on my vacation , it seems like the great peice of equipment to have looking foward to puttimg it to work .
 no complaint with this AC adaptor . does what it is supposed to do .
 It 's a cable that works and nothing else . The only thing I wish Cables To Go would do is have some sort of Variety pack of different colors .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working fine . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 This cable arrived early and exactly as advertised . I used them for the installation I had in mind , and they are working just fine . Great Buy .
 What can I say they are patch cables . Works like they are supposed to and good price .
 The build quality of the cable is good , works as intended . Handles gigabit network speeds without issue , would buy again .
 This allows a more serious photographer to add auxiliary wide angle , fish eye and telephoto lenses as well as filters such as polarizing , neutral density , FX and lens hoods to this camera . Lens hoods decrease flare , increase contrast , increase color saturation and help protect the front of the lens . I rarely take a photo without using one .
 This player works great for downloading music . It works hand in hand with Windows Media Player . It plays DRM -LRB- Digital Rights Management -RRB- music , . wma protected files perfectly . It only has one battery -LRB- AAA -RRB- lasts about 20 hours . Ear buds are ok . Probably would want to get an extra pair anyway . This player is cheap for a 1 gig player . Easy to navigate and has lots of features . Very small , a little bigger than a Bic lighter . Good buy !
 I have owned this Sansa player for about a month and overall I 'm quite satisfied with it . I agree with some other reviews which express dissatisfaction about some of the navigation features , but I feel this is a VERY minor problem . The outstanding sound quality is really what makes the Sansa player THE leader among the wide selection of MP3 players in this broad consumer electronics area . I believe that entry-level flash memory devices like this one provide a far better value for the consumer than any iPod . Storage and retrieval of songs is just as easy and efficient . Sansa 's product is robust and versatile and reasonably priced . If you buy one , you wo n't be disappointed .
 the sandisk c140 mp3 player is a very good mp3 player -LRB- nowhere close to as good as an ipod but ... -RRB- here is the run-downpros1 . cheap ! 2 . good sound quality3 . very user friendly4 . very easy to download musiccons1 . runs on 1 AAA battery instead ofa rechargable lithium-ion battery pack , so its prettyexpensive to keep it runninin the end its a very good mp3 player , i love it
 I purchased this Sanso player for audiobooks , and it 's the best I 've found so far . I was especially looking for one that ran on batteries . There 's nothing worse than being in the middle of a page-turner and having to stop to recharge your devise ! Or being on a hike , on an airplane , etc. where it 's impossible to find an electric outlet.Plus it 's very lightweight and fits easily into a pocket.As for the short battery life that other reviewers have mentioned - I use rechargeable batteries , which does n't improve the length of the battery , but does help with the expense.This device handles both Audible.com titles and downloads from my local library . It 's easy to navigate , and the sound level is fine . It 's getting harder and harder to find battery-operated MP3 players , so I 've stocked up on this one .
 I 've had it a week and it works great , after a bit of screwing around.I initially hook it to VISTA on a Toshiba , and the system loaded thenecessary drivers from somewhere . I was merrily SYNCing music whenit stopped accepting transfers . I set the `` settings '' to MPC , whateverthat is , and hooked it back up and it reloaded the driver , and it hasbeen cooking along ever since.I also got an AC adapter . I installed a AAA rechargeable battery , and the c14o and adapter charges the batt while running on AC . Pretty neat!c140
 Had this item for a month . It has n't been used very much yet but so far all functions work well and the player is compact and easy to use outdoors and during moving activities . Battery life is pretty good .
 It 's ok but comes with a bunch of crappy demos that ca n't be deleted unless you format the player using format function from windows.Should include a carrying case too
 I wanted a small MP3 player with good sound quality and ease of use for listening to music during travel and moderate exercise . Downloads were very easy and did not require any special software . This has met all my expectations .
 I purchased these for my 10 and 11 year olds for their birthdays coming up soon . This was my first experience with MP3 players as well as theirs-and I did n't want to spend IPOD money on a player until I knew they would take care of them . The sound quality is great , it 's easy to load songs , and it 's nice to have a screen . For some reason , I thought it was going to be a little bit bigger of a unit , but that does n't matter at all . It 's also nice that it offers an FM radio as well -LRB- and the reception was good too ! -RRB- . I figure we can always upgrade from here in the future , but it IS a great product-If they wo n't loan me theirs , I would definately buy the same one for myself ! I did read all reviews-pros and cons-and as with ALL electronics , anything can happen ... But , so far , so good !!
 My grandson loves this , it was easy enough for an 11 yr old to use and sophisticated enough for the savy 100 yr old man inside that 11 year old boy ... enjoys using it with his idog , and listening with headphones while playing video games ... I personally found this a satisfying purchase , because he has enjoyed it so much ... the sound quality was amazing from such a tiny device ... My Mom wants one and she 's 83 !!!
 The sandisk Sansa c140 1GB MP3 player has been pretty good to me in the couple of months that i 've had it so far . the only real complaint i have about it is something most MP3 players have in common now days . The volumne control has been set so that they never really get very loud -LRB- headphones -RRB- . It seems to be set extreamly low for some reason though . I can bearly hear it when i 'm working out depending on the way the music files were saved . . i.e. low quality mp3s . but overall this MP3 is pretty good and very simple to figure out . Fairly inexpensive and large enough storage to be useful . Though memory expandability would be nice.For the price this is a very good purchase .
 Bought this for my husband for christmas . He loves it and it is easy to use and download is easy . I am glad I bought it . Shipping was fast .
 great little MP3 player . . the kids can figure it out and have a great time listening to their own music . great product for a great price !!
 This my second SanDisk Sansa . Works as advertized . Like the battery instead of recharging . Downloads , user interface and the entire device are improvements over the past . Great MP3 for younger kids -LRB- and their dads -RRB- .
 I bought 3 of these for my teen aged step-children - they LOVED them and they work GREAT for what they need . Great price too !
 I received this as a Christmas gift from my husband , and so far I have been very pleased with my Sansa MP3 player ! This is a very user-friendly MP3 player , probably a good start for first timer . I plugged the MP3 player into my computer with the included USB cable , found the player on My Computer , and quickly deleted all of the preloaded songs , since none of them were of any interest to me . I drag and dropped files from My Music folder , and within minutes was ready to listen!The player runs off of one battery -LRB- included -RRB- and the battery lasted me about a day and a half , but that was because I left the player running all night -LRB- I forgot to turn it off ! -RRB- the first night I bought it . Since then , I 've listened to the player every day at work , 8 hours a day , I have n't had to change the battery in 4 days . Battery life seems to be pretty decent , especially since AAA batteries are not that expensive.I have yet to fill the player , and so far I have 198 songs loaded -LRB- MP3 files , about 3-4 minutes in legnth -RRB- . I know if the files are WMA files , the player will hold double the songs . There is also an FM radio on the player , which is a nice addition.I have yet to experience any glitches with the player . It plays my songs beautifully and the volume is MUCH more than I need , unless I want to rupture my ear drums . There are two settings to the volume , one louder than the first , and I still have it on the first setting . I also bought a $ 7 set of little speakers , and it sounds awesome!The picture viewing capabilty is something I have no explored . But it seems a tad pointless to me . The screen is tiny ! I do n't think you could even see what the picture was ... In conclusion , great player than I recommend !!! Awesome alternative to the IPOD !
 Well , I was looking for a mp3 because my previous was spoiled . So , I saw this And I bought it ... Now ... I 'm going to tell ... PROSAlmost everything.Nice sound qualityNice browser971 MB are usable -LRB- 95 % -RRB- It 's small and prettyNice color screenNice priceCONS1 . PRE-LOADED SONGS
 THE ITEM BECAME DEFECTIVE AND AMAZON REPLACED THE ITEM WITH NO COST TO ME ,
 I am enjoying mine so far.I have a question for you folks out there . Has anyone found an armband that works for this guy ? I use it when jogging and its annoying to keep it in my hand or pocket .
 This is my 2nd MP3 player , my first being an Ipod Nano . I got this one because I decided to give Play for Sure a try -- and have fallen in love with subscription music afterall !! I chose this one because it was on sale , relatively cheap , 1gb , small , and seemed to be sturdy built . I have synced it almost daily for a month now and played it to death at work . It has worked without a hitch . The only drawback is that it uses an AAA battery that does not last very long , but that is par for the course with these cheap flash units . The sound is decent , and it has an FM radio and microphone . There is a round button on the front that contains the menu , pause , forward and back controls . Often times I must press a button twice to get it to go forwards or backwards . The unit automatically shuts off if you pause for very long , which is actually good considering the battery life . I use it with Napster and it takes a while to sync , but that is OK . It has a dedicated volume control and a hold button that feel solid and well made . The screen is smallish but well lit and colorful with a simple menu . I absolutely will buy more Sansa products after my experience with this one ! Now I kinda wish I had not bought the Nano and had instead gotten a bigger Sansa for my play to go subscriptions .
 Overall , I think this is a great player . It is very light weight and about the length of an index finger . The battery life is very long . I recommend buying AAA rechargable batteries . The lanyard to hang around your neck that comes with the player is very handy.It comes with about 20 pre-programmed songs but you can delete them . Putting songs into the mp3 player is very easy and fast . There 's a cd that comes with the player but you do n't need it because it 's just instructions and there is a very abridged version on paper . The only thing I do n't like about this player is that when I scroll through an alphabetical list of songs , artists , or albums , and select one and return to the previoius menu , I have to start over from `` A '' again . So it takes a lot of clicks to get to the middle of the alphabet . The FM radio works really well too . However , you have to scroll through a lot of channels to get to the end everytime you exit it . So you have to preset a station to make it easier .
 I am a podcast only user . I traded my flash with an amp , no screen , 256Mb , no brand , mp3 player for a SanDisk Sansa C140 . I purchased Sandisk because of their good name in the flash memory market.Things I liked :1 . -RRB- Compact size2 . -RRB- Not too bad battery life on alkaline batteries .3 . -RRB- Easy synch . with Windows Media Player 10 . Things I disliked .1 . -RRB- Poor instructions both printed or on CD .2 . -RRB- No explanation of protocols used for downloading .3 . -RRB- No clear indication that it can be used with Windows Media Player - no instructions how to actually perform a synch . . Things I really hated .1 . -RRB- It came with a biggish bunch of pre-programmed songs which were not visible via any windows file management tool that I could find . They remained after synching my new playlists . There were no instructions anywhere to indicate how to get rid of them . In the end a nervous ` format ' of the disk got rid of them and did not affect the operation of the machine.Would I recommend it to a friend.Yes I would , so long as they were clearly informed of it 's shortfalls .
 I really appreciate the ` convenience ' of this MP3 player functioning on only one -LRB- Lithium -RRB- AAA battery ! I much prefer the idea of simply popping in a new battery rather than having to plug the entire unit into a power source ... and wait.The menu driven interfacing and use with Windows Media Player is very easy to work with , however , the headphones included I found ill-fitting and only adequate , which is not the fault of the player -LRB- replaced with Sony MDR-EX71SL Fontopia -RRB- .
 I use mine to listen to music . Not the kind you kids listen to . I am 67 years old . -LRB- Yes I can use a computer -RRB- My music is on one . My relaxation cds are on another and I am getting another for all the sound tracks of the works of James McEachin about Honoring the American veterans . Might need another one for a book I want on cd . I know I could get all on one , but this way , as a dottering old man I can keep track of what I have . It works perfect for me .
 buying this , but the used price of $ 55 was too good to pass up . Figured to send it back if it did n't work well.Don ' t buy this for the screen . The color looks washed out and the edges are not very good for displaying . The design is fairly easy to use and I have no problems hitting the right buttons through the pockets of my shorts.This thing was SO easy to set up it was ridiculous . You do n't even need their software if you are using XP . I had their songs off and mine on in 5 minutes using Windows Media Player . The standard USB rule applies
 The PC system requirements did not address the compatibility with MAC OSX but I connected the player to my IMAC , ignored loading the supplied CD , and dragged music from ITUNES without any problem .
 Player works very well . Though when I transfered an audio book into it from the public library it put it in with the music files rather than under the audio book section . There is a tech support you can call , so I will probably do that . Other than that a great product . Battery also last a very long time , which it takes 1 AAA .
 In the time I 've owned it , the battery has lasted longer than 15 hours . While the songs sync slowly , very slowly through media player , it has no other glitches . Some MP3 players , wo n't play certain songs , no matter if they say they play them . I know format , so that was n't the issue . This plays all the formats it promised . I love it so far . I 've owned a lot of players , I avoid eclipse and coby . I hope a year from now , I still love it as much .
 I 've had this player for a couple of years and it has performed well . I like that it takes AAA batteries because it 's easy to guarantee you 're not going to run out of juice on a trip . The FM tuner is a bit weak , but functional , and the sound is pretty decent . The navigation is reasonable . I like that it has a switch to lock out the buttons so you can just stuff it in your pocket.Recently , I thought I was in a fix because I put together a new computer for home and put Vista 64 on it . When I plugged the player in , I got the dreaded `` no drivers found '' issue that is common with this OS . It turns out that you ca n't have anything playing when you plug it in . I ca n't recall if this was the case with XP . In any case , it works fine under Vista 64 if you have it paused . FWIW , it works as a usb drive under ubuntu -LRB- Hardy -RRB- . I have n't figured out how to get to the music folder , however - only AUDIBLE , CONFIG , and RECORD show up , while it 's Music , Pictures , and RECORD when it 's on Vista . I spent all of ten seconds playing with it , so it 's probably fixable with a little tweaking .
 My sister gave me this MP3 player when her boyfriend bought her another one . I love it . I also love the fact that it has an FM radio . It 's so cute and tiny . Definitely would reccommend this to first time MP3 users -LRB- like me who still has n't gotten the hand on downloading songs from the computer -RRB- . It 's a great little MP3 player !!!
 After reading many reviews we bought this as my daughter 's first MP3 player . It was also the first MP3 player in our house ! She is thrilled with it and there have been no problems so far so I 'm happy . We wanted to be sure that it did n't rely on charging it frequently , but rather used batteries because she would often be away from home or any computer while using this and that was one important reason we choose this player over others . The price was also great on this player . So far loading songs onto it and using it have been very easy .
 When I bought this I was looking for something bigger . I looked at several different brands and the sales person directed me to this one . It has work out wounderful.It has gone to several shows , Rage Against the Machines , Roots and Tool to name a few , recorded the shows with no issues . Granted you have to make sure to save it but it is a great way to remember a great show.The only issues I have is the battery I listen to it at work and I am burning through the batteries quickly . I have changed to rechargable but they last a day or a little more . It would be nice to not have to change batteries all the time.Other than that it has worked great and I have had no issues with it . I will buy from SanDisk again .
 I love this mp3 player . I just fire it up and go with it . very compact and easy to carry around all day . I put the lanyard around my neck put in the earphones and listen all day at work . I have never used the voice recorder or picture function so I only gave it 4 stars . I had my songs loaded onto it and working in 5 minutes . Only need basic windows skills to load music on it . Very easy for those of us who hate Itunes and all the nonsense of an Ipod . Sound quality is very acceptable to me . I understand I could plunk down alot more money and get a better product , but for someone who just wants something that is easy to use , low maintenance , and plays all their music I highly recommend this little guy here .
 I needed an MP3 player to hang around my neck as I walked . Both on a treadmill and around town . This little player fit the bill for my needs.It is easy to program and to use . I recommend it for a person that wants a small simple to use MP3 PLAYER
 The only problem i had with it was that the voice recorder would play the recordings back fast in some parts and real slow in others but san disk told me how to fix that . I like it , I think its great , its light and its small . I 've had it for a couple of months now .
 This Mp3 is very good but I have a problem whit my return for Casio Digital camera I mailed you about that but it seems that I wiil never get my money back . I think that is not fair because I realy return the item and I have receipt for that.Please I need my miney back!Thank you !
 santa brought one each for my 8 & 10yr olds . the sandisk units are fairly easy to use and with one simple lesson , my boys taught me what to do ! they feel a little cheap compared to an ipod but with the color screen and radio tuner , it 's a much better option than the 1 gig ipod .
 I bought this originally because my library offers a free download service of books on tape via MP3 . I had more space than I needed for just the books , however , so I put my favorite songs on it and still had room to store some of my favorite Guided Meditations . I can go out at break and unwind to music , listen to a book , or be guided into relaxation , all at my finger tips with a player that fits in my pocket.The only thing I did n't like were the ear buds , but that 's just me . I do n't like things sticking in my ears , but the player was adaptable to any earphones I could find , and also hooks up to a small set of speakers so that I can listen to my tunes while working on the computer as well .
 My search for a really compact device that I could take anywhere and easily load the under 250 songsthat I enjoy listening to finally came to an end after purchasing this device.Product design
 Hi All , This is my first MP3 player . I just wanted something to store my tunes on for a long airplane flight . This was so easy to use . I have a MAC . I was able to get this up and going in less than 15 minutes . My -LSB- ... -RSB- son would be proud of me . I do not recommend this for people who like a lot of technology and bells and whisles . This is for folks like me who enjoy technology but do n't want to fight with it . Go Sandisk !
 Big deal . It 's smaller , easy to use , and I like that it uses AAA batteries . And did I mention cheaper . Way cheaper . It may not play movies on the little screen , but I bought it for music while I work out or ride my motorcycle . I got a big screen HD for movies.The music is clear ; The only thing I wish is that when it falls out of my pocket at 150 kph , it would bounce a little better .
 I bought 2 of these for my daughters , who are 8 and 12 . -LRB- I feared that they might get lost at some point , and I did n't want to invest in a more expensive iPod . -RRB- The controls and menus are easy to use and I had no problems using Windows Media Player to load them . They love them and I think they 're a great deal for the price .
 I bought this player for my Mom . I showed her how to use it once and never had to again . It really is that easy.If you have a Windows based PC and an available USB slot then you are great for this product . The size is small enough so that it is easy to carry or place in a pocket but it has enough detail so that you can read what is going on .
 The SanDisk Sansa c140 MP3 Player exceeded my expections . It is extremely small to provide so many features and hold as much music as it will . The sound delivered is excellent !! I bought the MP3 player to help me memorize songs for my church choir as I do not read music . It has been a great help in accomplishing this goal . IT is relatively easy to download music to the MP3 player from my home computer . I would highl recommend this product to anyone with needs similar to mine .
 when i first got this mp3 and opened up the box i was surprised how small it is . about the size of a piece of chewing gum . i installed the program via the included cd and it worked right away with no problem what so ever . this held all the music i had on my lap top with lots of room to spare . the program is easy to use and downloading music to the player is fast and easy . the sound is outstanding with the ear-bud headphones that are included . the fm works well and the display is back-light and very easy to read . all of the players options are user friendly and do not require a lot of skill to use . this is one piece of electronics that will not drive you mad with hard to use software or directions . as an added bonus they included batteries . this is one of my favorite gadgets and i would recommend the 1 gig for any user . it is not expensive at all and really who needs more music than this holds ?
 I recieved this item in time for christmas i was very pleased with that when i presented the gift the person loved it and was very happy with the overall performance of the gift i was very pleased and thankful thanks to amazon for everything and for making my holiday shopping more easier .
 I bought this as a gift for my son , he loves it . All he was looking for was an MP3 player like his friends had to hear his music on . I went a step farther and found this gem in my research . It has some great features like the FM Radio and voice recording , SHOWS PHOTOS AND VIDEO TOO . The only downside is the antennae is in the headphones so you have to use the ones that come with the unit , and they work well , do n't get me wrong . I do see tons of other varieties in the store though so I wanted to let you in on that fact . The batteries last pretty long and we invested in a battery recharger since he 's in love with it and uses it often . WONDERFUL BEGINNERS MP3 PLAYER !
 Very good sound quality - easy to use - small and lighweight - Lots of features .
 I love this mp3 player . I bought one each for myself and my 11 year old daughter for Chrismtas this year and got them both for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on sale . I am amazed at how great the sound quality is , how reliable it is , and how much music can be fit on the product . It is not necessary to have an iPod nano or another player with more memory capacity since I can easily move songs from and to the player with Windows Media . I do n't regret getting this at all and am so glad I did !
 I bought two of the Sansa c140 1GB mp3 players for my young children . I was able to put all their children 's music and more on the player . At just a fraction of the cost of my 1st 1GB iPod Nano , my kids could have easy access to just as much music -LRB- and even little picture ... which they love -RRB- . The c14o players are very easy to load and update -LRB- just drag and drop -RRB- , small yet well built , battery changes are a snap , and well designed navigational features . I did a lot of comparison shopping , and these Sansa c140 's are a great deal as long as they last for a few years or more , when the kids are likely to upgrade to another model . I have purchased , and will purchase more Sansa products ... good value .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas , she absolutely loves it . Has a lot of great features that are easy for her to do on her own .
 I have had another mp3 before this one and really liked it but I like this one so much better . I got this mp3 for Christmas and I have been listening to it for a long time -LRB- when I walk home from school , when I 'm sleeping -RRB- Much More and it 's never shut off ! Has Great quality , it 's so clear on my voice and the music . I really do n't listen to music REALLY loud . So I really think this mp3 is perfect for me , I enjoy it and I am DEFF Happy my brother bought this for me . I really do n't know why other people are having trouble with this mp3 , it 's great = -RRB-
 Works well and is tiny in size . Purchased for a college student and they are very pleased w/it 's performance . Used on cross Atlantic trip to Eurpoe . Did fine . Have added many more tunes to it as well .
 The SanDisk Sansa c140 is much smaller and easier to carry than a CD/MP3 player , and that is a plus for traveling . Several reviews below gave a low rating to the player 's sound fidelity , but it sounds clear and rich to me on voice or music . My main for purpose for using it is voice Podcasts . I have been using my player for about three weeks.There are two volume levels in the Settings . The highest volume in the default or low setting is not very high . This means any background noise can easily overshadow what is playing . Changing to the higher level is a distinct help when walking along the street or listening on an airliner.Several previous reviewers also complained about short battery life . The AAA alkaline battery that came with the unit gave out before its listed time , but it may have been weak from sitting on a shelf . The battery meter in the display does not give any reliable clue as to when the battery will fail . Always carry a spare battery with you , especially if you are using rechargeable batteries . Otherwise , it seems to be a great little unit and I am looking forward to getting a lot of use from it.The player is easy to use without installing the factory software . As long as `` MTP '' shows on the screen when connected by cable to the computer , just drag and drop files . It does not matter if files are in a folder or not . The player finds and plays them in alphabetical order . If properly shut down , it remembers where you stopped and begins there the next time the player is used . It will even save your place during a reasonably quick battery change . When a battery fails , the player starts again at the beginning of the file playing when the battery failed.The PDF manual on the software disc is far more detailed than the printed quick start guide and is worth reading soon after your purchase.It is not difficult to navigate the menu , but a little practice makes use of the controls much easier . The FM radio feature is nice to have.The voice recorder works well . Files are stored in the Record folder in the unit 's memory . You are supposed to be able to play them on the player , but I had to move them to my computer first . The files appear with a WAV extension on the player , but appear on the computer as MP3 files . The microphone does not produce a loud recording and must be held close to the mouth , making it easy to get a lisp on the recording.The player will not accept an external memory card , but with 1 GB of internal memory , it is large enough to hold an entire MP3 audio Bible .
 Between driving my car , working out in the gym , walking my dog and doing chores around the house , I spend at least 10 hours a week listening to audio-books from -LSB- ... -RSB- and lectures from The Teaching Company . Over the years I 've tried tapes , CDs and a variety of book readers including the iPod and Zen . No book reader I 've found works as well as this model c140 from Sandisk . It 's small , light , inexpensive , easy to control , makes bookmarks reliably , makes it easy to load and unload Audible books , and makes it easy to manage MP3 files using Windows Explorer . This player takes ordinary AAA batteries that you can get anywhere.My gym displays several TV screens in the `` hamster room '' and uses short-range FM transmissions so members can pick up the station they want to watch . So when I see a TV program I want I switch over to , it lets me quickly and easily switch to the Sansa 's FM tuner and keep on running . When the Sansa 's battery goes dead -- about once every 12 hours -- I it takes seconds to put in another AAA battery . They 're cheap and when I 've forgotten to put one in my pocket , I 've gotten replacements from road-side convenience stores and from the little convenience rack at the gym , but I 've always been able to keep on listening.Audible recommends that you download audio-books for the Sansa in level 4 format . At that level , sound quality is excellent although , admittedly , the player can not be turned up loud enough to pound your eardrums unless you plug it into an external amplifier and play it through a good set of speakers.I got the model c140 to replace an older Sansa e140 that I used for two years . The older one never gave me any trouble but this one is said to have an improved operating system making it easier to control . I debated getting a c150 with twice the memory and only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- higher price , but the largest books I own -LRB- a biography of Harry Truman and the fantasy book A Storm of Swords -RRB- are each over 40 hours long , and either one will fit on the c140 with enough room left for two ordinary length audio-books . The c140 delivered all I hoped for and then some .
 This product is very easy to use , the set up is easy , te navigation is easy . The music quality can be better , but if you change the headphones as I did you will notice the difference . If you compare with similar products this sansa c140 has a lot of features.Only one real problem ... BATTERY LIFE . . God . . If you use it everyday you will notice that your battery does n't last a week .
 I bought this player for my dad so he could retire the CD player when jogging and traveling . While I prefer the iRiver series , I chose this line for a few reasons :1 . Buttons were larger and easier to maneuver .2 . Music and radio functionality were available .3 . Storage size is a good size to have enough variety of music .4 . Price was more than reasonable .5 . The unit runs on a battery so a battery change would only be necessary versus charging it.In addition , I learned that this unit could carry photos and videos . While unlikely to ever be used , it 's there as an option.Like other SanDisk products , this item does deliver on what it advertises to be . The instructions for how to upload music is a bit confusing , but solved with the following
 Great product and company to work with . A + Exactly what I was looking for . T h a n k s !
 The SanDisk Sansa c140 was exactly what I was looking for . It was described accurately . I 'm very pleased with the purchase .
 Hello!Its okay overall ... Its okay overall ... I just HATE one feature
 The Sandisk Sansa c140 1 GB was a good buy for what I needed . Something easy and small for working out .
 Works great and the sound is great , easy to use and the FM radio comes in better than any others I have used on my walks through remote areas .
 This was a little better unit than I thought it might be . I bought them for my 9 and 11 year olds for Christmas . The sound quality is not the greatest , but given that the headphones are just cheap earbuds they are not bad . The features and screen on the player was actually better than expected . Surprisingly too they have not gone through too many batteries yet . A great deal .
 Short version
 This is an excellent product to buy if you want to jog/walk without your CD player skipping . Since I purchased this belt , I have n't had my CD player skip once when I jog . The unit is comfortable , light , and fully adjustable . It has a small pouch to hold batteries/spare change , and a small `` case '' that can safely hold two extra CD 's . Overall , I highly recommend this product .
 Short version
 Short version
 Short version
 Plugged right up in my 89 Nissan 240sx ...
 These made the installation of my new Pioneer 150 a snap , colors match as they should , fit was perfect . . My son had purchased a harness at Best Buy for his radio also , same manufacturer but the price was considerably more .
 Works fine for the JVC I installed in my Nissan . One word of note
 EASY TO UNDERSTAND SCHEMATICS AND EVEN EASIER TO WIRE UP , NEEDED ONLY SOME WIRE NUTS AND ELECTRICAL TAPE . GOT MY 91 NISSAN BACK TO THE 80 'S IN NO TIME .
 I 've known about HD Radio and the technology for about two years from a college course I took . I 'd been interested in getting a product that receives HD Radio signals since . What made me buy this product over any other available at the time of this writing , was that the tuner is movable ! Other HD Radio tuners are installed into cars , and others will work only in your home - you ca n't switch them.With this , you can have a car kit installed in your car , and a home kit set up in your house . All you have to do is remove the tuner from one dock and place it into the other , and you can listen to HD Radio stations easily ! The presets saved are kept between locations.The car kit comes with a plastic surface to mount onto your dashboard -LRB- in case you want to mount the product on a surface other than the windshield -RRB- , a windshield mount with suction cup , the HD Radio dock , and all cables needed for installation in a car . The cables include an Antenna IN extension cable for your current antenna and an Antenna OUT cable -LRB- these allow you to still be able to tune to radio stations on your current car stereo receiver , just in case you forget to bring the HD Radio tuner with you -RRB- , a DC adapter -LRB- which is attached to the `` Ignition-ON '' power source -RRB- , a 1/4 '' to 1/4 '' cable for connection of an MP3 player/auxilary audio source -LRB- instead of switching cables -RRB- . Also included is a remote control , an odd choice to include with the car kit , as it seems better used as part of the home kit.This product includes an onboard FM modulator . From what I can tell , you can set up this product to send it 's FM signal anywhere on the FM spectrum -LRB- 87.9 to 107.9 -RRB- . I ca n't say how well the FM modulator works as I use auxilary in on my car 's receiver.Unless you are comfortable installing this yourself , Visteon recommends professional installation of this product in your car , which is what I did , and am completely satisfied with that installation .
 I have been hearing about HD Radio for about a year and was really interested because in Dallas , you get a lot of static in and around airports and power lines when listening to AM talk radio . Except for one spot , it has completely eliminated the `` in-and-out '' of static in most places including parking garages.It picks up a signal similar to satellite radio so it can come and go -LRB- when it does n't catch the HD signal , it goes back to the traditional radio signal -RRB- but when it is on , FM sounds like CDs , and AM sounds like FM ! It is great!You should definitely have it professionally installed as the previous reviewer said . Too many little things to go wrong -LRB- my guy blew the fuse on the back of my car radio when installing -RRB- . The neat thing that I have found about HD Radio is that stations multicast . When you tune in to the main regular station , if they have multiple `` sub '' stations , you can tune in as well . Completely different playlists with minimal commercials - all FREE!Good stuff !
 Just after I bought mine , I discovered it requires an external antenna . My car does not have easy access to its antenna cable , so I bought a separate window-mount antenna . -LRB- Unfortunately , this antenna picks up some noise on the AM band from electronics inside my car . -RRB- I 'm using the Line Out on the Jump to connect to the Line In on my stereo . I do n't understand why anybody would ever want to use the RF modulator , since that just drops the signal quality back to regular analog.ANALOG I did many A/B comparisons between the Jump -LRB- receiving non-HD radio signals -RRB- and my car radio . The Jump sounded better in almost all cases . Once nice feature about the Jump is that a fading FM signal will start to sound muffled , instead of presenting harsh noise like most FM radios do . AM radio sounds much clearer than my car 's AM receiver -LRB- other than the interference caused by the antenna I was using -RRB- . DIGITAL The Jump performs as well as HD radio is capable of.Do some research . HD radio technology is not perfect . Claims of `` CD quality '' sound are often highly exaggerated.The manual says nothing about removing the unit from your dashboard on a hot sunny day . But I 'm not waiting for it to melt to find out what happens .
 I really enjoy this radio . There are many more broadcast options in the Dallas Ft. Worth area , and all other major Texas cities . See http://www.hdradio.com/ for probable options . I say probable because I was really interested in the All Beatles option listed but that station does not play all Beatles . But , the sound is great.I waited months to get it installed because I did not want to pay any more . I eventually was able to do it myself in such a way as to use it in two of my trucks . I just had to buy a $ 14 antenna kit and a $ 10 radio remover kit.It works great in my home radio kit as well .
 Sound is super . XM and all the subscription sources are expensive for this day and age of subscription fees . I do n't mind listening to a few commercials when the quality is there , and it 's FREE !
 Item arrived exactly as advertised . I connected an antenna and a 12v supply and turned it on . All my favorite digital stations came in perfectly . It has slightly better sensitivity than my Radiosophy Multistream tuner . I am very pleased .
 The tuner provides a much better quality sound than the VR-3 it replaced . The set up was easy after just a quick skim through the manual . I use it inside a metal building with an external antenna and it works great
 I recently bought a new radio for my truck . The tuner in the radio was not as good as the factory radio , but I bought it for the Blue Tooth connection to my smart phone.I bought this HD radio to start getting a feel for HD radio and improve the reception on the new radio . It works great . I my area there are quite a few HD stations that have both an HD1 & HD2 . Most of the HD2 stations are commercial free.Shipping from the seller was fast . I had my radio in less then a week .
 I love this little unit , I have had it a year so far and it is still kicking strong . It is mounted on a suction cup to my windshield and has not given me an ounce of trouble . Great little hd unit and was pretty cheap too .
 Excellent radio that picks up HD broadcasts better than most . I even messed around with using the external antennas in my car instead of wiring it in and I have no trouble with it dialing into HD channels . I highly recommend it .
 blah , blah , blah , blah required to make this feedback page work and blah , blah , blah some more for this section
 Instillation was more complecated than I thought , so I have n't been able to install it yet . It does seem like a good product .
 Easy to connect & feature packed . Installation is versatile with several methods to select from . You can direct connect in-line with just the antenna connection or plug into the audio input of your stereo radio or re-broadcast to a standard FM radio.Intuitive menu system . Captures the FM Radio digital broadcasts in your area for crisp , clear CD quality audio . There are no monthly fees with this type of radio reception . Many secondary stations are commercial free as the primary channel is the the same as the regular FM channel , just broadcast in digital format and the revenue maker for the station . Digital radio is CD quality when you 're in range of a local radio station that broadcasts in HD . HD AM broadcasts sound like regular FM broadcast radio without the hiss , pop , crackle & buzzing that regular AM has.As with any FM radio , reception is local unlike satellite radio . When you are out of the broadcast range , the station will drop out . If your antenna is substandard , so will be your reception . Most car antennas work well with this receiver.It works like over-the-air television . You may have several channels for each station . As television may have channel 27-1 , 27-2 , 27-3 , HD radio will show a local station as 99.9-1HD , 99.9-2HD , 99.9-3HD and may only have two channels or may have three or more . It just depends on the local station.This receiver does a great job doing what it 's supposed to do . Good sensitivity , large display and a few ways to set up what it displays . I like this one better then some of the other units on the market that I 've tried . I even made adapters so I can use it in my home , although there is a kit you can buy for connecting to your home stereo.All in all , a good HD receiver at a fair price . Looks nice too . I do recommend placing it out of direct sunlight if you can .
 The unit is as advertised but I am having problems in picking up all the HD stations in my area
 Hooked up a 12 power supply and connected to my 70s component stereo ... Wow ... tons of fun . Looking for a home kit with remote.Really hard to find
 The Antec NSK2400 was very easy to setup . I did have a problem installing the motherboad , but that was because I had never done it before and that I accidentally used the wrong screws.The matx board I bought , Gigabyte GA-MA690GM-S2H fit perfectly . However the Sata ports are not straight up so I has a problem with the wall of the case being to close . This was corrected with an SATA cable that had a small connector so I could bend the cable and fit it in the tight spot.The cooling is great . I currently have both 120mm fans running on low , but I really only need one so I will probably remove one.It is not silent , but quiet enough that I never here it over the other devices in the AV cabinet or the kids or the tv.This is a great HTPC case , its still a pretty big case so if you are looking for a very small case you will need to look elsewhere . I was looking for a cool and quiet case and that is exactly what I got .
 The case is a work of art , easy to work in , very well designed , very quiet , beautiful to look at . The case actually came with a broken `` power on/off '' button , but I called Antec about this problem and received an email within 20 minutes saying that the replacement part had been shipped . Great customer service from the company . I am extremely pleased with this relatively small form factor case -- it 's far from the smallest available , but still fits easily on my desktop and , again , looks great and is almost completely silent .
 I really like this case , I have had it for over 6 months . It 's a bit on the heavy side , but once you place it in a case , or in a cabinet ... it wo n't matter much . The functionality of the interior design is excellent and allows for a larger power supply . There is n't much room on the motherboard compartment so make sure to buy a smaller ATX form factor board . The built in fans are a bit loud while not overbearing against the sound of the system .
 The Antec NSK2400 case is a good entry level HTPC case . It is a nice size with a pretty nice finish . It is a quiet case that cools well . However the 380 power supply is a little low on the power end , especially if you are going to build a new system as of 2008 . It is limited to an MicroATX mobo , which considering the size and ability to fit in a media cabinet is understandable .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working great . They come in different colors for color coding your connections , which is nice . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 This 50 ' cable was a great price and worked well for my purpose of connecting from hub to blu-ray player -LRB- running it through the attic -RRB- . The snagless protectors work well , particularly when fishing through holes .
 I used between my modem and router . I do n't need a 6 foot cable for that . Fits perfectly .
 Cables are like running water - no appreciation or complaint unless they do n't work . This cable performs its job and is more affordable than many .
 Needed to re-organize my office space and wanted to put NEW computer ` over there , out of reach - from normal people '' . This patch cable was all I needed to have an economical access to the net . No wireless card - - wanted something that I could just unplug IF necessary . Plenty of length -LRB- right price -RRB- for an extension / cross the room move ... WORKS !!!
 Cable came as ordered , on schedule . Can not ask for more . I am going to order another exactly like it .
 I opted for the cheaper 5e cable vs the cat6 , since the more expensive cat6 would be overkill for the product use.This cable does the job I need perfectly , and I would highly recommend it . The quality is up to par for sure .
 I unwrapped this product and quickly put it to work . It worked like a charm I am thinking of buying more from amazon
 Good price and good quality . The only problem is that the connectors does not fit good in some lan jacks , coming off easily .
 When you need a pre-made Cat5e network cable , this one gets the job done at a decent priceand with good quality . It is what they say it isand that is important these days !
 Came as promised . Very good quality . To finish the job I had to purchase additional Belkin cables from Walmart which cost over twice as much that did not appear to be as good quality as these .
 Works great ! It performs as you would expect and at a cost that you can afford . I am quite satisfied .
 cables were as advertised , correct length , worked as they were supposed to . Will order cables from this company next time i need them .
 Great value!a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r
 What can I say ? You plug it in and it works . No issues whatsoever . Plug it in and it works .
 Patch cables are a dime dozen . This one came fast . The color makes it identifiable if I have to track it downand the price was right .
 This 50ft CAT5e cable works fine in my home theater setup -LRB- Viera Cast streaming -RRB- . It 's flexible enough to wind around various corners of living room . Seems well made . Price was right , shipped quickly with Amazon Prime . It 's not Cat6 but who cares . Most people are n't even using the full 100baseT throughput let alone Gigabit . Cat5e should support Gigabit Ethernet anyway . For my purposes this works , I am happy.UPDATE
 $ 3 for a 25 foot cable , pretty hard to argue with a deal like that . It works and it has snagless boots , so it should stand up to a fair bit of abuse .
 I originally had issues with dispatch of my order and had goodrepore with the vendor and had a replacement sent to me which was the blue one since they were out of the silver.the functionally of the player isnt too bad once i figured it outwith out using the manual like most would , I like the one feature that it keeps all your settings even if you replace the battery , my other mp3 player from geeks.com which uses removable memory doesnt keep the settings.they manuvering between the folders is tricky but read the manualand you will do fine . it does have the ability to wipe files or the whole memory if you like , gives you a memory usage aswell , and the firmware is upgradable . for the price of a fixed memory device I am satisfied with it , could do with out the fm functionbut thats fine i just dont use it but would come in handy on the bike trail if i wanted to listen to somthing else.also can select different languages , and is read on my linux OS
 I purchased this 1 GB MP3 player , and received it before the deadline . The manual was written poorly , and the ear plugs were not good quality . I got more than what I actually paid for as far as the quality of the player is concerned . The player itself is very user friendly , and has fantastic sound quality when using better ear plugs . I played with it and learned how to delete the prerecorded songs that were included in the player . My player holds 264 songs currently , 252 of songs are in WMA format , and 12 are in MP3 format , with room to add a few more songs . Overall , I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the player , the great service , and the price is unbeatable .
 iI got two of these in my 94 toyota singelcab pick up and wow thay hit soo hard . thay are byfar the best BOOM FOR UR BUCK . going to buy two more for backups .
 I have two of these woofers in a sealed box with a JL audio JX1000 on them and they sound great in my dodge quad cab . They hit harder than my friends 2 JLw0 12s . i would like to buy another set and a bigger amp and run 4 of them
 I tried to find this product locally , but to no avail . Most online products were what I did not want nor could afford . This fit my needs great .
 The described idem came quickly and undamaged . It was packed so as not to damage . It performed as promised . I would order another if needed .
 Looks like a rejected prop from a 1970s TV show , but it does the job well . Sturdy and easy to write on with a permanent marker . I 'd buy the same make and model again if I needed to .
 I Could n't get a HDMI card on my computer because it was too old so I chose to go with the VGA connection . I wanted to connect an older PC to my 19 '' computer monitor AND my 40 '' widesceen TV so I could sometimes watch on the larger screen . This A/B switch works perfectly . Now I use my normal PC monitor most of the time but when I want to watch my PC on the 40 incher , hit the switch and voila ! I also connected the audio to both computer speakers and the 40 '' TV using a mini stereo splitter so I could use the wireless remote to adjust volume.A definitely easy and cheap way to get the job done .
 It works as advertised , easy setup , it is kind of ugly and bulky but it does the job . You may want to consider if you need one or two 15 pin VGA cord to go with this product depending on what your using it for because it comes with none . Does anyone know of one of these that acts as a signal booster as well , thanks ?
 Needed to switch between PC Monitor and TV . . This switch made it very easy .
 It works just fine for me , but other buyers may wish to know that the device I received was a little bit different from the one pictured
 I am very well pleased with this device . It was well constructed and suited my needs very well .
 easy to set up , doesent need any power source ! for video its easy to switch between pc and xbox !! i just wish it had audio rca jacks bulit in that would be great !!
 Thanks , this is a great product at half the price of the big stores ! Great deal !
 I hooked this box up to a 15 foot VGA cable and a 3 foot VGA cable so that I can run my digital projector from my laptop from either of two different places in my classroom . It 's working great - clean signal , no flicker or distortion . -LRB- When I tried the same trick with a Y splitter cable it there was significant flicker and distortion . -RRB- The item seems sturdy and solid . Best of all it requires no external power supply . Do n't forget , though , you need THREE cables to do what I did
 This is the way to go for switching between TV and computer monitor . Works great .
 I purchased this switch box to be able to display our store 's computer slide show content on either a desktop monitor or a 42 '' flat panel which we have mounted in a window at our store . This way I can review content before it 's displayed in public , and displaying the content is a twist of the dial away . It works perfectly , and is priced very reasonably in my opinion .
 Excellent product for the prize ! It is listed as VGA , but it is definitely SVGA . I used it to connect my MAC ibook and my PC to an HP L1710 17 '' LCD display . I am able to switch between both of them seamlessly . It works even if one of the computers is in a screen-saver or sleeping mode . Out of curiosity , I tried different resolutions and refresh frequencies . The switcher worked up to 1280 by 1024 at 85 Hz refresh rate , though I am typically using it at 1024 by 768 at 65 Hz.Just be aware that there are many fraud copies of this switcher advertised under the same name DB15 , but at cheaper prize -LRB- < $ 10 -RRB- . And they have very poor reviews . That is not for the real model . So , be aware that you are purchasing the original at the right prize !
 I bought this to be able to switch my monitor between my PC and my Xbox 360 . It does the job decently enough . However , there is a slight drop in visual quality . As a hardcore PC enthusiast who spends way too much time staring at their screen , the change was very obvious to me . However , it might not be enough to bother most people . Or for most people to even notice it . It 's maybe a 5-10 % decrease in quality , and I 've come to live with it during periods where I will be using the Xbox a lot -LRB- say , when I just got a new game -RRB- . Then at other times I just plug my monitor directly back into my video card . It still saves me the hassle during those busy Xbox periods , so I do n't regret my purchase one bit.I 've opened the box for this switch , and the reason for the drop in quality is that there is n't quite enough shielding on the wires , nor on the switch itself . But , for a better product you 're going to have to pay quite a bit more . This thing is cheap , and does its job well enough for my purposes .
 I hooked this up to two regular Dell Desktops so I can switch between my old computer and new . The output goes to a standard computer monitor . There is some billing software on my old computer I still use that is incompatible with my newer Dell so I can fire it up and turn the switch on this unit and VOILA there 's my old computer on the screen . Saves me from having to switch video cables every time.Works Great !
 I love this switchbox . It does exactly what the product description says . I use it to connect two desktop PC 's to one monitor . This product is very cheap , but the quality seems pretty good . What more can you ask for ? Great product at the lowest possible price . I highly recommend this product to others for hardware sharing .
 I am using two pc 's , personal and home office . Having the switch box to switch computers is very convenient . The box was inexpensive and works perfectly
 This product performs as I expected . The price is very reasonable . I had no problem in hooking up the cables . I am fully satisfied .
 working very good . Good service was done very clear VGA picture Easy to switch . reccommend to by to ony one
 The item was very inexpensive . It took a little while to ship but once it got here I basically hooked it up and it runs perfectly . Outstanding value for the money .
 I 've been using this unit for over a year during technical classes . I have two laptops that I must use , and this switch allows them to both be connected to the projector . Instead of moving the one projector cable when I need to switch , I can just flip the switch on this box.I have had no trouble with the signal . However , this is n't a premium product , and it shows . The switch has become a bit loose . I have to wiggle it to get it to engage the B position . Also , the screws on the VGA ports were not as tight as they should have been . One came loose , and I had to open up the unit to fetch it from the inside of the box and reattach it.So call it three and a half stars . I gave it the benefit of the doubt and bumped to four stars because it 's pretty cheap . I do n't really expect premium construction on such a product.As another reviewer noted , you need three cables for this thing to work . However , whatever projector you use will probably account for one of them , so I travel with two cables for this box , one for each laptop connected to the A and B ports.Do be careful with it . The edges and corners are a bit sharper than you might expect . Not enough to be really dangerous , but I would not want to swipe my hand against it accidentally .
 I use this switch to toggle between a monitor and projector.It works as advertised , and is simple enough for anyone to operate.Have had no issues with this item .
 Works well . Would say 5 stars , as it does what it 's supposed , however , I had to take the cover off to tighten the screw posts as the inner nut was not tight enough . Would still recommend it though . Good price , good function ?
 Switch is awesome and works because I wanted to switch from monitor to HDTV . I now can watch Hulu on my 46 inch screen TV !
 A convenient way to connect multiple computer monitors and quickly switch back and forth between them . Did n't notice any signal loss or loss of resolution , even on a flat screen TV . Works very well .
 I needed a simple VGA switch to switch between monitors . This switch comes in a sturdy metal case with an easy to turn dial . Works perfectly !
 Does what I need simply . I have a computer besides the TV . The TV has a VGA port.With this switch I can change the computer to display at the TV or the Monitor .
 I purchased this because I read quite a few reviews and wanted something that was pretty sturdy within reason at an inexpensive price . All that I can really say is that I plugged it into the VGA port on my computer -LRB- My HDMI output is going to my main monitor , then connected a 17 '' and a 46 '' LCDs to the output ports . The 17 '' is used to help configure what is sent to a couple of MIDI controllers , and the 46 '' is a television . This allows me to span my primary screen across one or the other external screens depending on what I am using it for at the time . I just use the AB switches and the video spans back and forth with no other tweaking . Very nice . Not a problem so far .
 I use this gadget to switch the video input to my projector . It could be smaller ; it could be prettier , but it works just fine - does what it is supposed to . I recommend it to anyone who has a similar application .
 Not flashy or `` cool '' looking in any way , but it does do what it is supposed to . I have it set up to switch output from monitor to projector . Works great !
 Very easy to use and straight forward . I have two computers but only one monitor I wanted something that would make it easy to change between the two computers and this was a cheep and easy way to get it done .
 This did exactly what we needed in a classroom where there are two projectors and one computer ! The teacher needed to be able to use her two different areas of the classroom -LRB- lab , actually -RRB- where there are two projectors which project on two different walls of the room . This allows the computer to stay put and the switch simply changes which projector is in use !!! Great !
 Very handy in my classroom to quickly change the projector to different devices . I have apple tv and my laptop switched .
 i got this receiver about 4 months ago , and let me tell you , not once have i been disapointed . i know a lot about speakers and i know what sounds good , the remote is not bad -LRB- like what the privious person said -RRB- after about 2 days of use the remote was very easy to understand . and to rename the inputs ... it is not buried in the manual , it takes about 3 EASY steps to get where you need to be . i personaly didnt even need the manual . so do yourself a favor and get this receiver , you wont regret it.-jacob s.
 For me this receiver is very easy to use has no HDMI so beware . The remote wore out would n't work anymore had to replace so I would recommend buying an extra one immediately since they could become scarce . I found a replacement remote for around $ 30 . Over all I love this unit and highly recommend Yamaha Receivers over other brands . I also own a Pioneer vsx-819h and like this older Yamaha much better .
 I recently bought the receiver , athena micra speakers , and the xm antenna . I decided to treat myself and get rid of an old mini-system and a roady 2 . I am very happy with how xm is integrated with the system . The remote controls took a while to get used to , but that 's pretty typical with new electronics ... Currently , I am only using this system for music , but I do plan on hooking up my dvd player and tv soon - hopefully I will like this system that much more .
 I found Sony CMT-DX2D DVD Micro System to be well made and well concieved product . The small size allowed it be place almost anywhere you want . It plays CD with all its formats , DVD with all its formats and come with tape player as well . To add more wonder , it also come with a AM/FM radio tuner . So technically , outside of a turntable and 8-track player , you got everything here for complete entertainment system . -LRB- My apologies for those who may not know what a 8-track player might be . -RRB- The system come with two speakers which function pretty well within the perimeter of the 100 watts system . This sound system will not be overwhelming anyone or anything . It does have DD and DTS decoding built in so even if it is in two speakers , you can still listen in DTS if needed and it does n't sound that bad . Not great as if you got four speakers and a woofer but good enough for the size . It come with a fully functional remote and its very easy to set up and go.The only thing I would like to point out which directly contradict the Amazon product review is that this system does NOT come with five disc changer . It only got one tray for one disc.Basically , this is a great system as a backup to your main system . If you do n't have a lot of space but still want small but complete entertainment system , this one is for you .
 This micro system is attractive looking and delivers very good sound . I especially like the cassette record timer feature . This system is for you if you have an extensive cassette tape collection and want to tape a radio program when you 're away from home .
 I bought this to protect my new digital camera , and for the price I could n't have made a better choice . Some of these hard cases are expensive , but this one will hold my camera and a few lenses and accessories , and it allows enough room to give adequate padding and protection . I am very happy . I might have gotten more if I had spent more , but this is exactly what I needed at exactly what I wanted to spend .
 There is nothing like the real ink that is made for your printer . Best quality print jobs and dark true type . Good price and fast shipping .
 It 's a cable that works and nothing else . The only thing I wish Cables To Go would do is have some sort of Variety pack of different colors .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working fine . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 This cable arrived early and exactly as advertised . I used them for the installation I had in mind , and they are working just fine . Great Buy .
 What can I say they are patch cables . Works like they are supposed to and good price .
 The build quality of the cable is good , works as intended . Handles gigabit network speeds without issue , would buy again .
 We used this to replace a failed auto video scanner for outside cameras around our home . When the motion alarm goes off we can see what caused it without ever getting close to a window . Works good even with the infrared cameras .
 I needed this type of switch so that I can direct the internet to my laptop or to the set top box for an IPTV . Router was not serving my purpose as it was reducing the speed of internet . I needed a switch to direct internet fully to one product at a time . This product worked wonderfully . It is well built and looks like to work for many years to come . Would recommend it to anyone considering it .
 Even though WiFi would be a good solution for my three computer setup , I do n't like the idea of broadcasting my Internet connection , even with encryption . So I ordered this manual selector to route my Internet connection to whichever computer I am using . It works just fine so far , plus without sharing my connection I have full Internet speeds . Now , I do n't know if the switches will wear out or become noisy over time , but so far the unit is working without any problems .
 The RJ45 4 Way Switch Box makes it convenient to switch between any of 4 devices to a DSL Modem ... . no software needed - just plug the devices in and go . Saves so much time in my computer room .
 As a retired ITT I really appreciate the simplicity , and quality of this Ethernet switching box.I have numerous , non-WiFi , devices that I 've hooked up to it . Prior to this I always turned my modemor WiFi router off when I was not using it , now I do n't have to . Knowing that the most damagingthing to electronic equipment is the On/Off switch , and the power surges that they create this isan excellent device to prevent that . With 3 devices hooked up , an one spigot left empty , I can leavemy Router/Modem turned on all day without leaving my PC 's suseptable to Internet hacking . I leaveone spigot empty so I have an OFF position for the Internet . That 's why I only gave it 4 stars becauseI had to use a spigot for OFF , I would have preferred an off position on the switch .
 SANOXY RJ45 , ABCD 4 Way Switch BoxI received this so much quicker than I anticipated . The seller -LRB- cables2go -RRB- was incredibly fast , and even on Christmas eve responded to my email with a question that I had . Though I followed his instructions to the letter , my second computer just would n't be recognized by my modem as a part of my home network . In fact , no matter what switch I selected , it kept trying to set me up with a public network for my second laptop . After hours of searching Microsoft , I read where you can not set up a switch connected to the modem because only one port will be recognized . I do n't how the other reviewers accomplished this as it appeared to me that some had indeed managed this without a router . If you read this and no of some way , or something I 've not looked at to resolve this problem , please respond back . I could use the help as I 'm not technically savvy -LRB- obviously -RRB- . If you already have a router , this is a great product . Nothing cheap or flimsy about it . And by the way , the color everybody keeps calling a Pea Green . It 's barely green at all . Not a pea green but a very pale sort of army or sage green . It is n't that ugly army issue green by any means . The main thing is it does work and it 's cheap . I 'm keeping mine because if I do have to get a router ... well I already have a switch to use on the other side of it . I 'm still a happy camper despite my failure to achieve what I wanted to using it the way I did . Highly recommend the seller . Thank you , Joseph , for your assistance throughout .
 This box works great and you ca n't beat the price . I deducted one star because instead of the color being your typical cream color as pictured , mine came in a pea green color . For me , it 's really not an issue but for others it might be a big disappointment . I use it to disconnect from the internet while working on video rendering . When I 'm done , I simply switch it back on .
 This is a very convenient way to switch back and forth between a computer and 2 Xbox 's . Up to now I was dragging cables back and forth to connect them . I have n't noticed any signal loss or degradation of resolution between the computer monitor and Xbox/TV screen . Works very well .
 This thing is just great , you can choose which tube you want your internets to flow through via the selector on the front , meaning no wasted packets at all , and pesky hackers ca n't use your computers unless you choose to let them.If you want to use more than one device at a time , I find that sitting there turning the knob back and forth gets tiring so it 's best to get a small child or loyal friend with too much time on their hands to just sit there and cycle through A , B , C , D , then back to A and repeat . spreads all of your connection over the four computers brilliantly.would 've given it five stars but I got a piece of carrot stuck in one of the ports and now i ca n't put the internet cable in . Not a major issue but i thought they would 've protected against such things .
 Product was delivered as specified on Amazon page . These are getting hard to find , so glad that Amazon makes these available .
 This is a black anodized aluminum step-down ring from Tiffen . It threads into 58mm filter threads on your lens and allows the use of 52mm filters or other attachments.This ring will cause vignetting on wide-angle lenses , but becomes less of an issue with standard to telephoto lenses . Your specific lens/filter combination may give different results.I am using this adapter to good effect with aCanon EF 50mm f1 .4 USM Lensand an / old / Pentax stereo adapter .
 Solid metal construction . Far superior than plastic adapters . Helped as I bought a number of 52mm lenses and I needed 58mm lenses for my new camera .
 It works in my 2007 Subaru Forester XT , but you will need to modify the factory harness slightly if you have the subwoofer in the boot .
 I just received this little printer this afternoon . Took it out of the box , set it up , hooked it up to my laptop and Canon powershot SD800IS and printed a photo in a short amount of time . Printed the first photo on Kodak paper , then printed the same photo on Canon paper . Both turned out great , the Canon was a bit sharper . I ca n't believe how easy this was to set up , and what great photos it turned out.I am wowed by the ease . No more photos living on SD cards forever and ever !
 Very nice , sits on my mother 's desk without taking up to much room . She just wanted something to print memories with without causing a whole bunch of clutter . This is it !
 This printer was easy to set up and use . The quality of the prints are excellent and the speed of printing is good . I am still on the initial print ink cartrige but the number of prints so far is much better than many printers deliver . Unlike my last printer -LRB- Epson -RRB- , I do not have to buy both the paper and ink cartrige together so the overall cost of printing should be very good . Overall and excellent low cost printer .
 This printer is easy to set up and easy to use . The screen is very clear and the pictures print out very clearly as well with great color . I like the pictures on the semi gloss paper the best but the paper has been hard to find in the stores .
 I Love this printer ! Get great quality photo in you home - Highly reccomend !
 I have only had the printer for a short time , but so far I have found it easy to use , and the photos I have printed have come out clear and sharp . I am very happy with my purchase .
 So far the quality of color prints have been excellent . This is a very compact model -LRB- for 4 x 6 '' size prints -RRB- which fits nicely on the desk next to our regular printer . Do n't know yet how long the color cartridge will last giving this quality , but the initial prints have been outstanding .
 This all-in-one produces excellent scans and photos and I would recommend it to anyone with limited space who needs a photo printer , scanner and text printer . Easy to install and operate with convenient memory card reader . This has been operated connected to a Mac and as a standalone with great results . Built in menu system and scroll wheel make it easy to navigate without requiring a computer to be hooked up . The printer software installed easily and operates without problems .
 Received this mini260 recently as a gift . It was very easy and quick to set up and get up and running . Just remove a few plastic wrappings and pop in the ink cartridge , print out 2 alignment strips and you are good to go . Just select number of copies and press print and off it goes . You can select standard or high quality , but they both looked great and identical to me . Using standard gives you prints in 20 or 30 seconds . The higher setting takes just under a minute . I started using it before reading the instructions so at first I was printing the same photo over and over , because it was the only one selected to print 1 copy . It does not print what you see on the screen unless you have selected at least 1 copy of it . There will soon be a battery pack for this but it is not available yet . I also have not found a carrying bag for the printer and accessories made specifically for this printer -LRB- like HP has -RRB- , so I just use a small laptop case which works perfectly to carry the printer , AC cord , extra paper and ink . The prints come out dry , they look great and this has been a very fun printer to use . I 'm very impressed and partial to the Canon quality of cameras and printers . They just seem to always work great with no hassle . There is a separate sheet of paper included with the printer easy set up guide instructing you to make sure the ink cartridge sits nice and snug in it 's slot . It 's just something Canon wanted to add after printing their setup guide to make sure you pop the cartidge in place properly . Another reviewer made it sound like a big deal but it 's not . You 'll know if the ink is sitting properly or not . I have a lot of Canon photo paper but also tried some other generic brand and the pictures look just as good . So , maybe this printer is n't very picky as to the type of photo paper you use . I know Kodak paper works great on my Canon i550 printer for photos . Also , this is a very quiet printer . Not much noise when printing at either standard or hi-quality . The carrying handle that slides out of the unit is also pretty nice when moving printer from room to room .
 When I first got the printer I had some HP and Kodak 4x6 blank photo paper . I tried printing pictures and they looked bad -LRB- had streks , blury -RRB- . I found out you have to use Canon paper . After I bought Canon paper the pictures look very good using pictures taken with a 4.0 mega-pixel Canon camera .
 the mini 260 is very easy to use right out of the boxlives up to canon 's reputation . great price tru amazonpicture are lab quality
 The best compact/travel photo printer hands down ! Easy to set up and use . Awesome picture quality and sharpness . Colors jump off the page ! I bought a second one as a christmas present for my mother the day after getting mine . It also fits into my canon rebel xti bag with room for the camera body + lens PLUS one other lens and four lens covers ! I highly recommend without hesitation !
 We truly love the Canon PIXMA mini260 Photo Printer . The quality of the photos is sharper , clearer and has brighter color than those we saw that were printed on the HP 712 photo printer.However , it would be very nice if the Canon PIXMA had 2 to 4 Gig of internal memory . Also it does not directly receive our Olypus XD photo flash card . This means buying an adapter to insert the card into in order to feed photos directly into the printer or downloading the files from the card onto the computer hard drive and then into the printer . It is not a problem as long as you have any flash card other than the XD.The adapters are a little hard to find locally . They'er avaliable on the net.All in all - the quality of the photos makes up for the file download hassle .
 I am really enjoying this wonderful photo printer . It 's easy to use and the quality of pictures is good . What makes this printer so nice is that it is small and does n't take up alot of space .
 For a first timer on photo printer , I was quite proud of myself for putting it togeter out of the box . The installation process was easy , print quality was compatible to the one-hour photo print you get in the stores . Took me awhile to figure out how to print 4 imagies on 1 print . Overall , it is easy to use for basic 4x6 prints , printing from memory card or from camera . Unfortunately it does not print from computer and can not print other sizes . Unless you only want to do 4x6 prints and do n't use a computer , get something more advanced as you will quicky get bored of it and want more .
 I use to have the PictureMate . I had a lot of trouble with it , seems there was just some sort of conflict with my software . I finally had enough of printing 10 pictures at a time and then rebooting and bought this little gem.Totally easy to use , has loads more printing options and the color on the prints is just fabulous.Is is difficult to find the cartridges locally , so be sure you buy plenty of extras to have on hand from Amazon .
 This is a great little printer for quick and easy 4x6 prints . Make sure you use the canon photo paper , I had some HP hanging around , got some smudges , and images were not quite as clean . I 'm a little upset that I did n't wait a couple more weeks , the price went down quite a bit since I ordered it .
 I use it every day at work . I just leave it in the drawer . I put it away at the end of the day .
 I bought this because I needed a straight , non coiled cord for my Whistler radar detector and discovered I like the features . It is very handy to have the power switch on the lighter plug .
 A great accessory for Whistler detectors . Keeps you from having to try to reach the windshield to turn the detector on or dim it while rolling . This really should be considered a necessity rather than an option .
 I bought this cord even though the cord that came with the radar detector -LRB- Whistler Pro78 -RRB- was still fully functional . The reason being I hated having to reach up to change the mode and or mute/un-mute the radar detector white driving -LRB- depending on what type of car you have , and where the radar detector is mounted , this could be a long reach -RRB- . Plus , I drive a manual car , so I 'd rather have my hand down near the shifter than having to reach up.The wire on the intellicord is a straight wire , not one of those that curl up - some people like it , some do n't . I prefer this as I can tuck and hide the wire away easier.The cord does what it 's supposed to , you can program what the function of the button does -LRB- through the menu 's on the radar detector unit -RRB- I currently have it programmed to : Short press
 This cord was designed to work with the models that will allow the cord to control certain features of the radar detector . Unfortunately I did not catch that info correctly when I ordered the cord , my model Whistler is not one of them . HOWEVER , it works perfectly as a cigaret lighter charging cord which is what I use it for . Like many others it is fused in case of a car electrical system failure or in the event that your Whistler Radar Detector gives way to some freak electrical accident . The price was better than most places , delivery communication was good , and it got here in a normal amount of time .
 Very fast shipment ... Cord serves as an excellent replacement for the one I mangled . . Does not operate the NOAA emergency weather feature as I hoped , but great for my older model radar detector .
 Works great for me ! It appears that some folks that down rated this cord do n't understand how to use the end button . It has one button on the end that can tell the radar detector 2 things depending how long you press it . I read the radar detector 's manual -LRB- wink -RRB- and then programmed it to interpret the button presses just the opposite of default . There are many other choices . By default my XTR-695SE Default Factory Settings are the following for the cord .1 . S1
 I have the `` short '' press set to silence the unit . About 1/2 the time when I try to press it once to silence it it restarts the unit instead . OK , but not really impressed .
 I bought this cord because I wanted a easier way to control my new Whistler Xtr-695SE while driving . I wanted an easier way to silence the alerts if needed . This cord helps you do just that . But I was hoping for more . I was hoping it would allow me to control the volume of the radar detector , allow you to control the menus or have coiled cord . But I am satisfied so far and it is customizable from the radar detectors menus . I would recommend this for the price -LRB- ~ $ 19 -RRB- .
 The power station for the Whistler radar detector works great . It is a real advantage to be able to stop power when near an area that causes noise in the radar detector such as a bank , store , etc. .
 comes with 2 cords . 1 straight to hard wire , and 1 coiled . Maybe you need this to mute it from beeping every few seconds ?
 Item is nice but quit working after about a day -LRB- solder connection came loose -RRB- . Returned for another one and had no issuses with it .
 great companion for the radar detector-must have it , makes your life easier so you do n't have to reach all the way up to thewindshield to manipulate the radar ! recommended !
 After wasting money on three other cases , I finally stumbled onto the Contour Showcase . It 's far superior to anything else I 've seen out there . I use it on my 40gb 4G and I bought one for my daughter 's 20gb 4G as well . You will not be disappointed with this product !
 I have had four cases for my ipod and this one is the best . Although the front and back plastic shields do scratch fairly easily the rubber sides protect the ipod when it is dropped .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT IN ORDER TO PROTECT MY 30GB IPOD VIDEO BECAUSE I KNOW THIS MODEL OF IPOD IS TOO DELICATE . A FALLING COULD BE FATAL . THANKS TO THIS CASE , I CAN GO TO THE BED WITH THE IPOD WITHOUT WORRY NEITHER TO CRASH IT WITH MY WEIGHT . OR A FATAL FALLING.I HAD TO USE TWO OF THE THREE SHOCK-ABSORBENT RUBBERS IN ORDER TO FIT THE IPOD IN THE CASE . HOWEVER , IT LEFT A 2 MILIMETERS SPACE BETWEEN THE IPOD AND THE CASE , IN CLICK WHEEL SPECIFICALLY . SO , FOR THAT REASON IT 'S POSSIBLE THAT THE IPOD GET A LITTLE OF DUST A DAY IN THE BEACH.I CA N'T USE THE AIRFIX FM TRANSMITTER BECAUSE THE CASE IS TOO BIG FOR ATTACH TO THE IPOD.MY VOTE IS FOUR STARS FOR THE CONTOUR DESIGN 4G SHOWCASE FOR IPOD BLACK
 For protection , I feel that this case is a real winner . It wo n't fit the docking station , or allow you to use the plug in transmitter.But still a pretty solid product .
 I spent untold hours making my case selection - reading every post and review at ipodlounge , Apple , and anywhere else that google pointed me.The long hours of research paid off . Words can not describe how pleased I am with the fit , finish , and functionality of this case . It fits the 40Gig photo perfectly -LRB- even though Amazon and Apple do not specify this on their sites it is clearly stated on the packaging -RRB- , without need of the included spacers . I can get the ipod in and out very quickly with no fuss -LRB- nice for using the dock -RRB- . The included belt clip easily comes off for when I do n't need it -LRB- most of the time -RRB- and easily goes back on when I do . It looks and feels great , not cheap like some of the cases I 've seen . The rubberized outer layer provides just the right amount of `` grip '' to keep it from sliding around on a hard surface , but still slides easily in and out of a pocket without sticking to your hand , the pocket , and all the lint and dirt in between.Without the belt clip attached , it does not add that much thickness to the 40Gig iPod photo . It adds just enough thickness to provide what I consider to be ample protection and that 's it . It actually adds less thickness to the ipod than my prevous leather slipcase did , but provides WAY more protection than it ever did . Also , the latch on the side -LRB- which looks so pronounced in pictures -RRB- is not an issue at all . It is contoured to the shape of the case so it feels and looks very natural in real life.In summary , this is a truly great accessory for the ipod photo ! The pictures you find around the web do n't do it justice . I would not hesitate to purchase this case , especially at the price Amazon is offering it for .
 If you drop an iPod , it 's akin to dropping a computer - it 's not good . No harddrive does well when shaken or dropped , but you can lessen the blow of impact by using this Contour Design case . It comes with a foam lining so that your iPod is n't just surrounded by hard plastic . A clear-plastic window protects your iPod 's screen so you can read song titles and menu options while keeping your screen scratch free.You never have to remove your iPod from the case because you can charge it from the bottom and access the clickwheel and plug in your ear buds while it 's still in the case . A sturdy , low-profile clip is perpendicular to the iPod , so it hangs on your hip horizontally instead of vertically - meaning you 're not hitting it with your leg as you walk . One of the best hard plastic cases out there .
 So glad I read all the reviews on this case . It fits the 30GB Photo Ipod perfectly . Solid protection ; worth the price . Allows access to all ports . If you need a good case , purchase this one and you wo n't be sorry .
 This fits my 60GB Photo perfectly . It does have some very slight gaps at the seams , but they do not detract from form or function , and are to be expected from a case that fits an entire product line.The iTrip does not fit , but I 'm trying to devise a way to hack up mine to make it integrate with this case ... it 's that good.Brilliant design - The case adds mere millimeters on each side of the ipod . It fits and integrates with the ipod design infinitely better than the pictures would suggest . The pictures have the feel of a square box around the ipod - in reality , all the corners are rounded , and the rubber edges give a molded feel to the case , not tacked-on . This should have been the case that Apple included in the box.I 've been through about 5 ipod cases , and this is clearly the best compromise between size , protection , and functionality . The skins are useless , the `` stock '' case allows for almost zero accesability while encased , the neoprene cases are too bulky and get dirty entirely too quickly , and the metal armor cases again detract too much from the form factor.As other reviewers have suggested , this case will add a significant amount of size to the smaller ` pods . With the 60 gig photo , it fits like a second skin.Rarely does a product impress me to the extent that I consider it worthy of an unequivocal recommendation , but this case is leaps and bounds beyond any other that I have seen or tried , and I would consider it a crucial purchase for any -LRB- larger-sized -RRB- ipod owner .
 I used the Belkin Leather Fip Case until I found & love this Contour case . My main concern was protection of the iPod screen as it can be scratched from external forces and also internally from rubbing against a plastic screen `` protector '' on a case . The Belkin case has a heavier-than-normal clear vinyl screen protector that sits away froom the iPod screen and works well . The Contour Design case has a 1/8 '' thick clear plastic face that protects the entire front face of the iPod -LRB- except for a cut-out to access the click wheel -RRB- that also sits off the face of the iPod , so there is no rubbing -LRB- & scratching -RRB- of the iPod or it 's screen . My 20 gig fits snug in the case against a thick foam rubber insert that is replace with a thinner one for the thicker iPods.The edges & most of the back of the case are a heavy plastic with a wonderful rubberized feel . The case closes with a secure fold-over clip that 's not likely to be bumped open by accident . The back-side belt clip holds the iPod securely , but only in either of both horizontal positions . The belt clip utilizes a heavy spring latch to remove it . I position the belt clip latch and the case fold-over clip together to minimize any possible accidental opening from bumping or dropping.While I wound the earphones around the open edges of the Belkin case for barely adequate storage , the Contour case is sleek & form fitting and does not allow for this . I still much prefer the Contour case as it offers me the best protection , that I have found , for the entire iPod yet open access to the click-wheel , top controls , & bottom charger slot.I bought this in white for my U2 iPod and now see that Contour Design has a black version . The white looks good on the U2 , but the black case may be more attractive.If it only had a clever way to store the earphones , it 'd be perfect . Regardless , I love it .
 I spent many hours looking for a solid case that would protect my U2 Ipod without sacrificing the look . This case is clear front and back , and the black sides match the Ipod perfectly . The clip is solid and the closing latch is secure . The case allows full access to everywhere you need to get on the Ipod to play , charge , or sync . No case can provide ultimate protection , but I have put this through a lot and it has been wonderful . It has a few scratches , but I would rather scratch the case than the Ipod itself.I also tried other cases when I orderd the Showcase and this is the best case available . Other cases are difficult , bulky , or even scratch the Ipod . This case is solid but protects the Ipod without scratching it . Insertion and removal are incredibly easy.Great case .
 I love this case ! Not only does it protect my iPod , it just looks darn sexy !! There is full access to all ports , plugs , buttons , etc. . atleast enough for me anyway . Was n't quite sure if it would fit my 40GB iPod Photo but it does , with no modification . I had the Xtreme Mac iPod case . . although simple and sexy , the iPod was prone to being scratched or falling out once in awhile . Go with this one , you wo n't be sorry !
 This case is by far one of the best cases on the market for Ipod . I own the Belkin car holder and needed a case that the Ipod could easily be taken out of . This was the perfect case for me . I strongly recomend this case . Fits all full size Ipods because it comes with differnt sizes of foam to protect it .
 I have bought the silicone skins , the leather cases , as well as other attempts at protecing my Ipod . This has been the case so far . In just the wear and tear of my Ipod this thing is solid and really protects it from damage . I little bulky , but worth it . After spending so much on my investment another $ 30 was definately worth it
 If you want a case that looks fashionable and offers great protection for your iPod , this Contour case is a great option . I 'm a student in college and my freshman year I slept on a top bunk . Twice , I dropped it from the bunk onto the floor , with no damage to the iPod -- I could n't believe it . The rubber border definitely adds good shock protection . I guess this would add some thickness to a 20gb iPod , but since mine was a 40gb , I did n't really notice the difference . Seriously consider this when browsing among case options .
 I got this case for my U2 ipod and it looks and works great . The only drawback is that the case adds bulk to the ipod . I wish it came in different sizes for different ipods .
 This is a great way to keep your iPod safe if you are someone who tends to drop things . This case will keep your iPod safe when you drop it . Also , scratches are prevented because all of your iPod is inside of the case , except the wheel . I have a 20G iPod , so there are pads to go on the bottom of the case to make sure that your iPod is tightly inside . There is a guide that tells you which removable pad to put in for what iPod . I heard about this from a friend , and I would highly suggest getting one . However , do not get a white Showcase because it easily gets dirty , and the dirt will not come of , as many other people have said . Overall , this is an excellent place to keep your iPod and even has a detacthable belt clip .
 Is it pretty ? Not particularly . Is it flashy ? Nope . Is it a great case ? Definitely.I commute to and from work on public busses and trains every day and use my iPod in this case the entire time . It is awesome . Very good shock protection -LRB- the iPod has been dropped a few times on cement from the height of my long legs and has survived -RRB- and really good convenience.The belt clip is quite handy . If you are going to listen while walking , you will love the belt clip . I still have easy access to all the plugs and the click wheel while it is in the case . It 's also really easy to get it into and out of the case , which I do when I want to plug the iPod into its dock . This seems like a minor issue , but is not true for all cases.If you need good shock protection and want to keep your iPod clipped to you , this is the case for you .
 The contour design 4G showcase fits my iPod perfectly and open book design makes easy to get my iPod out .
 i love this case ! that said , i have been wanting to clarify something to the other users . THE I-TRIP WORKS WITH THIS CASE WHEN U HAVE A 20 GB IPOD . this case has all the qualities that i have been looking for , and i looks stylin . overall this is the best case u can buy for the price .
 This case is great it keeps the IPOD safe from scratches . Buy this item you wo n't be disappointed .
 This case is pretty good if you have a G4 iPod that you are trying to protect . I am on my 2nd one , the first one having a latch that broke . In fact , that is the biggest weakness of this product . On the newer one I purchased , they had changed up the top opening a bit which I feel makes it a bit less protected , but may make it easier for some people to work the controls . I 've dropped my 40Gb G4 ipod on the ground and on the treadmill a couple of times , and this case has protected it well - my iPod looks brand new . One other weakness is that this case scratches VERY easily , but better a scratched case than a scratched up ipod!One warning
 I have been using this case since I first got my iPod 2 years ago . It survived many backpacking trips and other travels with no problem . I dropped my iPod a few times -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- in this case and both the case and my iPod are still good ... I will need to invent another excuse to justify a new iPod .
 This is an excellent heavy-duty case that gives -LRB- near -RRB- full protection for your iPod sans the clickwheel and makes for great shock protection.However , the case adds tremendous bulk to the iPod and for those of you more anxious about appearances than protection , this is not the case for you . I ordered the case for my 5G video iPod and could n't stand the bulkiness so I gave it to someone else who was n't so concerned about looks as they were about actually preventing damage to their investment.So in summation , if you want serious , heavy-duty protection , get this case . If you want looks , go with something else .
 this is an awesome case ! its durable and it really protects the ipod . also fits well in pockets for its size because its on the larger side but still a great great product !!!
 Other good reviews proved to be correct -- this is a great little iPod case . The foam inserts allow it to fit multipe devices , and the openings for the wheel , sync port , and headphone jack were perfectly aligned with my iPod 20GB . Whereas some cases do n't fit quite right , this case fit PERFECTLY ! Not sure that I 'll use the horizontally mounted belt clip , but it seems sturdy enough ; the holes into which the belt clip attaches open right to the iPod cavity , but they are blocked by the inside foam , so I do n't see that as an issue .
 When I first got my iPod -LRB- Christmas 2004 -RRB- , I knew I needed some protection for it and I purchased a `` rubber skin case . '' I was soon disappointed however , as the case provided no protetction over the screen and was n't very appealing to look at . Although a helpful tip suggested cutting the plastic the skin came in , and using that as a shield over the screen , it did n't quite work -- not so helpful tip afterall ! Some dirt got under the plastic and scratched my screen and some of the case around the screen . Now I was really disappointed!I noticed someone I work with had an iPod and was using the Contour Design 4G Showcase . I asked what he thought , and he said it was awesome . I liked how it covered the iPod but left easy access to the hold switch , headphone jack , and USB connector . The design was cool and the black trim accented the white iPod . The belt clip is rugged -- definitely not flimsy . I made up my mind to buy this case within 5 minutes of checking it out!If only I could have had this case from the start , my iPod would still look the same way as it did when I first took it out of the box ! Well worth the price !
 This is an excellent case for anyone who owns a 4th generation iPod . It provides excellent scratch and fingerprint protection to the surface as well as superior shock protection.Pros
 I bought this based on reviews on Amazon.com and the item is nothing short of excellent . I use it for the 60 Gb iPod -LRB- Color -RRB- . The protection is good - a rugged addition to the iPod . Accessibility to buttons , clickwheel and headphone socket is perfect . Wish the rear window was taller to view the personalization message . I recommend this to anyone who wants good protection for their iPod .
 I wanted to chime in to show my support for the Contour Design iPod case but I see that will not be necessary ! Those that came before me have said it all , so I 'll just `` second '' what has been said so far.Fantastic product . It far exceeded my expectations.ewicp
 I did hours of research on the Internet trying to find a case with better-than-average protection for my iPod , but one with convenient access to the controls . I also looked at a dozen cases in my local stores and checked out three cases that my neighbor has . I chose the Contour Design Showcase for the following reasons : Protection - Hard plastic and rubberized edges . This case has more protection than most cases . It is probably the most secure of those that have access to the iPod controls.Access to Controls - Access to all controls and the connection port.Design - clean looking like the iPod.Finish - Crystal clear front and back do not obstruct the iPod . Rubberized edges prevent it from slipping of the tray table on airplanes.Fit - fits all 4G iPods -LRB- with included shims -RRB- . My 30GB required use of an internal foam shim . Once installed , I ca n't tell it is in there . Very sturdy clip to close it up.Belt clip . I have not used the belt clip much . It is not like those belt clips that require a thumb and forefinger to squeeze it open so it can be put on a belt . Instead , the plastic is molded in one piece and is not big enough to go on a large belt . It would fit on the waist band of jeans or shorts . It is easily removed if you do n't want to use it.Color - I read reviews about the white rubberized version attracting dirt , so I bought the black version . I am careful with it , so it has n't had much opportunity to pick up dirt or dust.If you use a dock , you 'll have to remove the iPod from the Contour case . One flip of the clip up and back , and you can remove the iPod without issue.I would buy this again without reservation .
 I read all the reviews on this item and decided to buy it . I had researched all the available cases -LRB- leather , silicone , metal -RRB- , and thought this would be the best based on all the reviews that I read.Prior to purchasing this case , I TRIED to be careful with my brand new shiny iPod in preventing scratches and damage - no such luck with the scratches.This case is TOUGH , RUGGED , RUBBERIZED , and has a FOAM insert depending on your size iPod . The only drawback is that the click wheel is exposed , but that can be solved with sticky saran wrap or using the original disc that came with the iPod . Honestly , I have n't covered my click wheel and have n't had a problem with dirt , grime , etc.Yeah , okay ya might have to take it out of the case to use accessories such as the iTalk or iTrip . I 'm a full time student and use the iTalk to record lectures . I do n't have a problem taking it out of the case to connect the iTalk . It 's a minor hassle , but the overall protection that this case offers totally outweighs the hassle of removing the iPod.It will fit in your pocket and I like the added protection that the rubberized edges provides . The case has been scratched up from me moving it from bookbag , classroom , car , pocket , home stereo , and house - but I would rather the case be scratched than my iPod screen . That 's what the case is for!Overall , a great case , value priced -LRB- compared to what 's out there on the market -RRB- and a good balance between form and function . Buy it . . you wo n't be disappointed .
 Great protection for your Ipod . Secure belt clip . Easy to get the ipod out . Looks good . I have n't seen a better case .
 Not much to say . The case looks great -LRB- it tends to get compliments from random folks -RRB- , and works well . A different case which I used for my last iPod caused scratching , instead of preventing it ; the Showcase seems to be doing very well in this regard . The clear plastic of the Showcase does get a bit scratched up - but that 's kind of the point of having a case ! Finally , I have dropped the iPod once onto concrete , while in the Showcase . The Showcase had a bit of a scuff , but it remained closed , and the iPod was unaffected .
 I purchased this case about a month ago , and I really like it . It really help protect your Ipod . I threw it my tote bag along with my car keys and not one scratch . This has to be the most used and best item i have purchased for my Ipod to date .
 We chose this printer because we want to scan our old 35 mm slide collection and needed to replace older inkjets that had died . While we have n't yet used it for scanning , both the text and photo printing are excellent and significantly faster than our old HP and Dell models . It is big and solid feeling , with good software and a nice control interface . We 'll come back after we find time to use the scanner ...
 I replaced a dead Epson and read the reviews on Consumer Report first . I am happy the epson died as I am loving the speed and quality of this new machine . The other printer was 3 years old or so . I have not yet scanned with it or had to replace the ink . The interface is great and the software for printing is easy and straightforward.One strange thing was they did not include a usb cable in the box . I 'm sure it was an oversight . I used the one off of my dead epson.Great printer and great price .
 I am sold on Canon printers and scanners . I will never buy anything but a Canon . I had a i960 printer and a LiDE 80 scanner that I really liked , so I was nervous about changing them to something else . I decided to try the Pixma MP810 and found that it works even better then the ones I had . I 'm very happy with my MP810 . Good work Canon .
 The Canon PIXMA MP810 is everything it says it is . Printing is sharp . Photos , when printed on Canon Glossy Photo Paper , are better than what I get from a photo store -LRB- like Wal Mart -RRB- . It will also print from slides with the included slide holder , and these prints are sharp and clear as well . Scanner works extremely well . I am 100 % satisfied.One issue that was handled quickly and professionally was that the first one I received had a factory defect -LRB- some kind of red glue-like substance was stuck to the underside of the glass platten , and showed up on everything scanned . -RRB- I notified Amazon and they sent me a replacement printer , with all costs totally covered , in just a couple of days . In fact , I got the replacement printer before I could get the defective one boxed up and returned , with the shipping also covered by Amazon . Amazon is a quality organization .
 We have owned this printer for over a year . We print photo 's from both the Canon camera 's memory card and from the software that came with the printer . The printer photo prints from the memory card are far better quality than from the Canon software program . This printer goes through ink cartridge 's very rapidly . I ca n't give you a page total for printing color photo prints or black on white text print . We print all of our copies in grayscale and the black ink still seems to flow through the printer rapidly and we wait until the cartridge is totally empty before replacing it . We use Canon ink cartridges not OEM knock offs . I had used other companies ink cartridges in the other photo printer we had and they caused the inks to run together and it was hard to keep the print head clean . That plus some of them gave false ` out of ink ' messages . All in all we are very happy with the print quality on the PIXMA MP810 Canon printer . Ours is wired via a dual USB port switch and not wireless .
 My old HP 930 finally croaked after many years of dependable use . I had no idea what I was missing in the new all-in-ones , and no idea that low cost home printing/copying now rivaled photo finishers . I came across the reconditioned Canon MP810 for under $ 70 -LRB- !! -RRB- from an online source , and figured I could take a risk . No risk here ... it 's a fantastic printer The MP810 prints stunning photos and crisp text fast , it scans documents and pictures beautifully , and even has a built-in back-lit 35mm slide scanning feature that scans at up to 4800 dpi . It 's far better than a $ 150 special purpose slide converter I had . I 'm sold on Canon , but like all inkjets , the ink cassetes are way too expensive.April 2012 Update - Three years and its been flawless .
 First off , Amazon had the cheapest price on this printer ANYWHERE . It looks out of stock now , but if it came back in stock , this is the place to get it . I bought this for my husband for Christmas . He actually needed a new scanner as his was old , but our generic printer could have been updated too . And I liked that it had the copy feature.The prints are quick and quite good . We have n't tried printing anything major or any photos yet , but so far , no problems with the printing.He had a slight issue with the scanner at first . It took FOREVER to scan because it actually has to configure itself before every single scan . But even we were suspicious at the amount of time it took . So he called tech support and they told him that one of his Mac drivers were out of date . So he downloaded new ones , and , problem solved ! It still has to configure itself every time you scan -LRB- unless you keep scan on the whole time -RRB- but its nowhere near as slow . After the scan actually gets goin , its very quick . And honestly , I think the constant configuration is for people that have a Mac , or at least , that is what the tech guy told him.We have n't tried the slide scanning feature yet or the copier . But for this price range , it has everything you are looking for and I think its a great deal . Also , my husband is a graphic designer , so he needs his scans to be crisp looking , and I know he 's satisfied so it was worth it just for that.One minor issue is the size of the printer . It is pretty large , but if you have a decent amount of room on your table -LRB- we have 2 L-shaped desks -RRB- then its not really a big deal . The LCD screen is a neat feature as well .
 Makes nice copies , although it is slow . Scanner is more complicated than the HP we had . Have n't tried photo 's yet . Might buy again if had to do it over , but would have done more research , as I relied on Consumer Reports and they claim this is one of the best .
 Canon PIXMA MP810 All-in-One Photo Printer -LRB- 1453B002 -RRB- I was facing $ 70.00 to replace the ink in my multipurpose Lexmark or try refills . Color print quality was terrible . Read the reviews from cnet and other sources . My requirements were
 I 'm in love with this machine !!! I have boxes of old negatives , many that I have n't had prints of for years . As soon as I got it set up I started scanning , and I am blown away with the results ! They look as good as the digital photos on my computer , and print beautifully ! Using with Vista & Adobe Photoshop elements , and no glitches.Also pleased with easy set-up , and user friendly software.Definately a buy !
 This printer has some really great functions . The print quality is amazing for both photos and documents . I have hundreds of 35mm negatives that I am transferring to digital . It is a slow process , but now I can quickly go through my photos and fix red eye , white balance , convert color photos to black and white , etc. . It does duplex printing -LRB- double-sided like a professional copy machine -RRB- . I even changed the noise level of the printer to quiet mode from 10pm-8am so I do n't wake/keep up my wife . It took about 30 minutes to set up and align the printer . I had a 5 year old HP PSC 750 and the scanner and copier functions finally died . The PIXMA MP810 takes a bit more reading , but that is because there are much more options and things that this printer can do . I have had it for only 4 days and have no regrets !
 This is a great printer ... way more than we need or will begin to understand ... but we are very happy with the quality and how easy it is to use . I would buy again !
 Personally , I 've only used the printer for color and black and white documents and scanning . My roommate has used the picture functions and we 've found that all issue with off color and brightness had more to do with the software used than the printer itself . I do need to see if cleaning the tracks -LRB- dunno if that 's the right terminology -RRB- will prevent some of the occasional streaks it leaves on pictures -LRB- Reason for only 4 stars -RRB- . Get the software update for a Vista computer and it runs like a dream .
 I have always been a fan of the HP All-In-One series , but this Canon has changed my mind . Excellent scans of graphics , negatives , and slides with outstanding pictures as a result . Loses one star because , as many people have said , it does n't do as well with B&W quick printing as some other models . Overall , VERY satisfied with the printer and speed of delivery from Amazon .
 works great - copier good quality and quick - prints cleaning - easy install with mac - better than some hp printer i 've had
 I purchased this product to use for my home office and a small amount of photo printing . It was easy to set up , easy to use and I have had no problems with it . For the price , it 's a great buy . I would buy is again ,
 The print quality is awesome . Very fast to print and scan . Had a little issue with the Epson driver on my Mac conflicting with the new Canon driver . Canon customer support was very efficient and helpful and had the problem resolved in about 5 minutes .
 While I have only had this photo printer a very short time , I can already say that it is impressive.I have never seen this good of print quality.The 4800x4800 scanner delivered a beautiful 8x10 print from a 35mm negative with no adjustments or computer assistance . The copies were quick and faithful.I am truly pleased to have purchased this MP810.I did have some trouble installing the software from the driver cd . For some reason the installation would stall at various points and after 11 or 12 tries it finally installed completely . The drivers themselves work fine.I have owned several photo printers and used Kodak dye sublimation printers . This high resolution printer simply beats all of my previous experiences.The printer is Quiet and fast . The scanner is fast and incredibly sharp . Plus it has features that I do not even have time to talk about that are truly amazing . Too many good things to say about it .
 If you have 35mm slides that you want to turn into 4x6 prints , then this is the machine for you . I just printed some 53 year old 35mm slides as 4x6 prints and was very surprised at the quality of the colors and clarity of the prints . The Fade Restoration option is great for some of those slides that need a little `` extra '' . The fact that you do n't even need a computer to get started is a big plus . Of course , you do get a lot more versatility with the computer software , but if you just want quality prints from film , slides , cameras , etc. without the hassle of loading up software , this is great!Con - it is a bit on the bulky side , so make sure you have enough room to set it up . I have mine on a card table so that I have more room to lay out the slides I want to print.I give it a `` thumbs up '' .
 After reading reviews at Amazon and elsewhere and seeing the product in the store , the MP810 became my choice . Now I 'm the winner !! I ca n't give this printer 10 stars and I 'd like to . Printed photos from my digital camera are exquisite and vivid with great definition and depth . Love the separate color cartridges as my granddaughter often wears pink . Using the maintenance ink check , after 15 full coverage 8x10 sheets , the magenta cartridge was down 1/4 and the rest were still at the full mark . I 've reproduced my husband 's business card on card stock using a PDF format and he could n't be happier . The 9 pt . font is clear and sharp . Printed maps from the internet are equally clear and sharp . Printing on both sides is so practical for reports and stored records.The scanned photos easily popped up into Photoshop CS and look great printed . 4x6 borderless are a snap and beautiful . Usually I wait 24 hrs . to place photos in an album , but I believe these are fully dry much sooner . Printed text included my 1040 and other reports in small fonts . Could n't be happier with the printed text -LRB- though I noted other reviewers comments to the contrary -RRB- . The film/slide scanner is the main feature for choosing this printer over the others . Last year I paid a local camera store $ 250 to scan 150 slides that were 60 years old . I am preparing another iPhoto book using more of the 60 year-old slides as well as old and new family photos.Though it is a larger footprint than the HP AIO it replaced , the MP810 looks sophisticated and runs very smoothly -LRB- do unlock the scanning bed when you are setting it up -RRB- . It was an easy set-up out of the box . The screen on the printer is easy to use . Our somewhat elderly digital camera will soon be replaced , but in the meantime the SmartMedia card it uses works just fine in this printer.This is an awesome , A + printer . Skipped the fax feature as a requirement since the old HP AIO still faxes OK as a stand alone . You will not regret owning and having fun with this beautiful , many-featured workhorse .
 After doing much research , and doing a side-by-side comparison of the Canon All-in-One Printers -LRB- Pixma MP830 , Pixma MP600 , Pixma MP510 -RRB- , the Epson All-in-One Printers , and the HP All-in-One Printers , I can say with complete confidence that Canon 's Pixma line is easily the top of the grouping . The Epson and HP came no where close to the quality of the Canon 's , especially when comparing copying onto everyday use paper.However , I purchased the MP810 sight unseen . None of the Big Boxes in my area had it available . I purchased it from Crutchfield.com and I was very happy with their service , and definitely with the speed with which they shipped . I received the printer a week before I received other items I had purchased from Amazon.com on the same order.After having played around with it for over 3wks , I am absolutely delighted with it . The PhotoStudio program that comes with it is easy to learn , and has wonderful features . Yes , the 35mm neg scanning is slow , however , since I can preview each of the negatives before committing to a scan , I can speed up the process by not including the negatives that I have no interest in . Also , I have used other more expensive scanners for 35mm neg scanning , and the MP810 is no slouch in the quality of the scan . Well worth the wait , in fact.My husband , who is an artist , and very , very picky , has been very impressed with the print quality . Now he says that we need a new camera ! I printed a picture of textured sand taken at the beach , and you can see the grains of sand!The only draw back I can see , is that the MP Navigator program stinks . In fact , I have removed the shortcut from my desktop so that I do n't accidentally use it ...
 After much research , I bought this printer about 6 weeks ago . I have a Canon Rebel XT camera and wanted a printer that would print great photos as well as scan 35mm slides and negatives . So far everything more than lives up to my expectations ! I really like this printer and I 've had a lot of experience with printers both at home and at work . I am an artist and planned to use the camera to take photos of possible subjects for paintings and print them as a reference . I also use it as a way of keeping a digital record of all my paintings . I use the printer to scan in small paintings directly , scan in old slides of my paintings , take photos of paintings in progress , and to scan in old color negatives to use as reference material . The only problem I had was figuring out how to scan in the slides and negatives and save them to my computer - the printer instructions only told you how to print them . However , I looked at the software that came with the printer and immediately was able to figure out how to scan them to the computer and save the images . Because of its versatility , the printer has quickly become an indispensable tool for me as an artist . But do n't forget to buy the USB cable which you will need to hook up to your computer !
 This is a really nice printer . I had avoided all-in-one types in my search , but the reviews of this in the media and on Amazon were very strong . I had an i960 photo printer before , and this is as good or better . The extended functions are great , especially the negative and slide scanning . That is a big plus as we transition from the old days of film.Unless you need wide-carriage prints , this is the one .
 Got this printer 2 weeks back . Still have n't tested everything , but did scan some old photos and printed some digital prints on 6x4 glossy . The photos are looking awesome and are quite comparable to prints from the photo labs . The print speed is unbelievable , and the ink drys real quick . I used to get my prints from wolf camera , but now , I can get the same quality at home . I still have n't tried scanning in negatives , which is part of the reason why I went for this model . If you do n't need the feature to scan negatives and slides , you could save some money and go with the MP600 instead . I am yet to try printing on matte . The scans a looking real good as well . The photo printing software that comes with the printer takes the guessing out of printing and makes it a simple 3 step process quite like the labs . It does have a pic bridge link to print directly from your camera , but I usually edit my photos in ps before printing , but its a nice feature to have to get some quick prints . It also does a good job of copying . My only caveat is with printing documents . The prints are good , do n't get me wrong here , but they are not sharp . But since this is primarily a photo printer , I do n't have any complains . Overall , I am quite satisfied with this printer .
 Beforing deciding upon the PIXMA MP810 , we had an HP all-in-one that was dissapointing . I did a lot of research before buying this printer so as not to be left wanting more once again.It was difficult for me to finally decide upon this model , because I wanted faxing capabilities , and this all-in-one does n't have that capability . However , I wanted the ability to convert 35mm slides and negatives to digital more than I wanted the ability to fax.The printer is solid and sturdy looking . It does n't have chintzy plastic parts that easily break like the HP model I had before . In order to get the best looking photos , you really do need to pick your paper wisely . I 'm not happy with the first batch of paper I bought for it . Also , I printed my first photos from iPhoto without changing the paper settings . It was an amature mistake that resulted in horrifying looking pictures at first - dark with lines down them . I thought I had a defective printer . I called customer service at Canon and they walked me through and made me quickly realize my mistake , and since then , I have been able to print beautiful pictures with ease.The printer is relatively easy to navigate and set up . I have n't even had to consult my manual to scan slides .
 I 'll keep this short . . First off this thing still has dozens of features i 'm discovering that i 've just never encountered on printers . The colors are bright and life like . There is virtually no graininess in prints of hi-res digital photos . But thus far the my favorite thing about this printer ... replaceable print head ... i 've always found that with inkjets , the printer gets retired in little more than a year because the heads clog , leaving me wasting huge amounts of ink on cleaning processes and endless head alignments -LRB- btw , this printer does its own alignment -RRB- . The head , like the inks , is very easy to replace and affordable . The device itself seems very solid and i 'm anticipating a very long life out of it . . Grats to Canon on a great little machine .
 I have had the printer for about 3 weeks now and used it mainly for color or B/W printing on paper , not photos . I was very impressed with the ease of set up , packaging materials and instructions . Once out of the box , it is substantially built , heavy and has a large footprint . I like the idea that the ink cartridges can be refilled -LRB- versus buying new every time -RRB- . It is easy to use and very fast . Two paper trays make it more useful and the menu wheel system is simple and easy to use . All in all a very good product . It replaced a fairly new Epson photoprinter that went on the blink and couldnt be fixed my me . After reading the reviews on my Epson printer and the Pixma printers , I decided to give up on the Epson and switch to the Canon . I 'm glad I did .
 seems to work beautifully , have not used all of the options as yet . P berry
 I have always been fond of Canon products , but this printer is one of the better ones . I had purchased a HP all-in-one right before this one because I could get it at the local Wal-Mart . I returned it the next day the quality was so bad and came home and ordered this one . Best decision I could have made . The picture quality is so good that people I have shown them to could n't tell they were done on a home printer and the print from negatives feature is a great bonus . I have been able to make my own prints from some old 35mm negatives that I had lost the pictures to and they came out terrific . They look just like the originals . So far the ink has lasted longer than I expected . I have n't had to change the ink cartridges since purchasing it and I have done quite a bit of printing . The cartridge prices are not bad if you purchase the bulk package from Amazon that comes with the whole set needed . I would definitely recommend this printer to anyone looking for a good all-in-one with exceptional photo print capabilities .
 I really like that I have everything I need in one product . It saved me from adding another USB port . I love that I can take film and print pictures from it since I am a photo buff . The only draw back was finding the film slot under the document cover.The illustration was not clear to me in booklet .
 I am not an expert on photo printers but I do not see how the prints that this printer creates can be any better . All my friends are impressed with the quality of the printed photos . Really Amazing . Scanner works great . Have not tried scanning 35mm or Slides yet which was a factor in buying this model . Was delivered very fast by Amazon which had the best price after research . Reading the reviews was a major factor in my decision to purchase -LRB- Amazon and CNET -RRB- .
 This AIO printer has met every one of my expectations . It is a dream machine . Ca n't complain about a thing . I was a little hesitatant about buying it because of the looks , really wanted to go with the MP800 , but the scanner specs were n't as good , so I went with this one . When you get it out of the box and set up , this printer is pretty cool looking . Sure , it 's a little `` square '' , but you 'll fall in love with the features and functionality . It 's got many hidden features and it 's well designed . FYI-this is a heavy printer , and it 's not on the small end either . Well worth every penny . Also , I have printed several pictures and black and white documents and the ink level on all the of the cartidges is still right up to the top . On my old HP -LRB- which I was quite happy with and still have n't parted with -RRB- , my ink levels would down to about half by now .
 My new printer/scanner works great . It 's a little larger than I 'd like but the price and performance are worth it . The set-up was easy though getting the hang of their scanning program took a little time .
 I have been using this all-in-one since May 2007 . It is the best printer/scanner I have ever used . No problems , excellent results scanning prints & negatives , and printing stuff like web pages , emails etc. - I do n't use the Canon to print large photographs - and I have a seperate 4x6 photo printer . I guess I am a light user of the printer , since I have only gone thru 2 or 3 sets of ink packs in ~ 18months . I chose this printer based on good reviews and the fact that you can replace each ink as it runs out , instead of the HP models where you had to replace the multi-color cartridge if any one color runs out.The ink replacement is very user friendly -LRB- the empty ink cartridge lights up , and easily snaps out & in -RRB- . No problems with the ink errors mentioned by other reviewers.My only complaint is the outrageously high and continuously increasing cost of the ink packs . The last time I bought a set of inks it was $ 66 . Now it 's up to $ 74 . This is way too expensive for ink . And apparantly , if you use a more reasonbly priced substitute , the printer wo n't `` recognize '' it.Canon has excellent brand recognition and good reviews on their products . I just hope their marketing people get their heads out of their a # $ es and bring the price of the ink down . They are handicapping the product with their pricing , since the only problems with their printers stem from ink cartridge errors & ink cartridge pricing .
 Being a graybeard , I have owned many computer printers since my first dot matrix , circa 1978 . Until now , each one has vastly outperformed its predecessor . However , the performance of the Canon MP810 is so far beyond the performance of the Deskjet 870 it replaces that `` vastly outperforms '' is a gross understatement . What should be apparent from the Canon product description is that this printer does virtually anything one can imagine doing with a printer . Quick text ? You got it . Stunning lab-quality digital photo prints ? You got them . Scan and copy ? Yup . What is n't apparent from the description is the amazingly robust construction , the virtual silence , and the reassuring ink efficiency of this superb quality machine . The controls look and feel like they belong on a high end audio component . There is no plastic-on-plastic `` grinding and clacking '' ... just the silky-smooth sound of high quality , friction-free parts doing their work . And the ink cartridges , while not cheap , carry the machine a long way between fill-ups . In short , this is a spectacular product .
 Have used HP1100 for years . Printer was six years old and began having problems with color photo printing . Colors were untrue to what I was use to having . Did much research on the MP810 and decided this was the way to go . Glad I did . All the hype that was in the reviews I read was true . Setup was pretty straight forward although the manual kept you going back and forth between pages to get the printer properly loaded and ready . Could be printed so theres less page hunting involved . Had to contact support ... got to a ` human ' in 40 seconds !! Great job Canon . The man in support was Mike who was very knowledgeable and helpful . He even helped with a program which was not printing the docs just right and solved the problem for me . I wish that Amazon would offer an extended warranty on this product as I have to contack Canon again to procure one $ -LRB- 95.00 -RRB- for two years .
 The Canon PIXMA MP810 Photo All-In-One offers a versatile device that can deliver a stunning maximum 9600 x 2400 color dpi , and can produce a photo-lab quality 4 x 6 inch borderless photo in approximately 21 seconds , as well as 8X10 borderless print which will take a little bit longer . Great scanner/copier , very easy to use and setup !! Ink droplets can be as small as one picoliter for razor sharp photos.It 's a bit large on a desktop , but it 's worth it .
 Overlooking the massive size of this printer and the lack of an auto 4x6 tray , this printer is awesome . Very pleased with this purchase .
 I 'm very happy with my purchase of the canon pixma mp810 all in one photo printer . I have n't had much time to play with it yet . I did print a few photos and I need to play with the color scheme a bit . The skin color looked a bit yellow but I think once I get a hang of the menu options that it will be easy to correct . For the price , I think it does a very excellent job . The size of the printer is big but I like having a copier/scanner/printer all in one unit . The text printing also has very high quality out put . It does n't look blurry . I had tried the mp950 which was replaced by the mp960 but I had an error right out of the box plus the mp950 was way more expensive . I 've had no problems or menu errors with the mp810 . I give the canon pixma mp810 all-in-one photo printer two thumbs up !
 we bought this for our business and am very pleased with the quality it produces .
 I did a lot of research before I invested the money in this printer . I have not been disappointed . The photos are unbelievable , the ink cartridges last a long time , and even the size is not THAT bad .
 I have not used it too much and am still exploring it . The CD with all the software demands lots of memory on the computer but the quality of the printing -LRB- photos -RRB- and text and the scanning seems very good . It is fairly large but seems to be well worth the money .
 PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD ; HOWEVER it was shipped with wrong print head.No printer for over a week .
 This is my first multipurpose inkjet printer/scanner / copier . It equals or exceeds my previous HP and Canon printers .
 I have a question about this product . I ordered it a few weeks ago and set it up today and I ca n't find a USB Cable in the box . Does it come with a USB cable or do I have to go and buy one ??? Or can it be run by a bluetooth connector ?? thanks .
 I bought this all-in-one printer on March 15th . I had spent quite a lot of time online searching for a really good printer -LRB- because of all the photos we both take and restore -RRB- that was truly compatible with Microsoft Vista . I had already discovered from our old printer -LRB- a HP 1700 -RRB- that `` compatible '' only meant that SOME stuff worked . In our case , we could n't adjust any colors . I went to a lot of different printer makers for info on various models but no one wanted to talk about Vista ! Instead , the line was to go to Microsoft.When I found this Canon printer and went to Canon , I was pleasantly surprised . They actually had a section on Vista ! They said that in order to use all of the features , I would have to download 4 small programs and install them after installing the disk . It turned out to be a snap and everything works ... well , I still have n't tried the FAX , but that was n't why I bought it in the first place.Last night , my husband was working in Microsoft Office and I needed to copy some stuff off . He was amazed that he could continue working while I copied -LRB- scanned & printed -RRB- my stuff , very quickly too.Since we got this , I have printed dozens and dozens of pictures , most being 8 x 10s . The quality is outstanding . For anyone looking for a really good printer that REALLY works with Vista , this is it !
 I bought this all in one to replace my aging HP Desk Jet 970cse printer and HP Scanjet 6200C scanner , both of which were excellent , but both of which were beginning to be pretty iffy , functionally.It looks nice , and while quite large , closes up into a nice looking package when not being used ... Scan quality is about 7 on a scale of 10 compared to the HP unit , but it 's slide scanning capability is FAR better ... So while it was a little disappointing for general scan quality and high resolution detail , its still quite a nice unit for the money ... Similar situation comparing it 's printing capability to the HP model it replaced ... It 's plain paper prints look quite nice , whether they 're of printed matter , or prints of high resolution images , either from a camera or from the scanner ... But the color images , for whatever reason , when printed on glossy paper are MUCH darker ... I think I need to do some more homework on this , regarding performance with different glossy papers , and the capability to calibrate the printer to my flat-panel LCD display -LRB- or vice-versa -RRB- . Still , overall , the Canon is an excellent printer/scanner for the money ... It is almost worth the price just for the far better slide scanning capability , compared to the HP , even though the HP delivers better overall results -LRB- though it had begun to develop problems , which led to my replacing it - same with the HP scanner ; excellent high resolution scans , but intermittent functionality had set in -RRB- .
 In general , I love my new Canon MP810 . I 've been looking for a way to scan in hundreds of my old color slides for years . I even tried Kinkos ; their response was we do n't do that ! Can you believe it?When I saw that this scanner did not only slides , but film negatives -LRB- 35mm -RRB- also , I had to get it . I am currently scanning slides as I have time . I wondered about the quality from comments of earlier Canon scanners , but the pictures from these slides are clear and undistorted . I am very happy with this feature.Another feature I love is duplix printing -LRB- printing on both sides of the paper -RRB- . Multipage documents come out nicely arranged for stapeling -LRB- sorted and collated -RRB- . I have not yet tried printing a photo . I have to say the one thing I would mark down on this printer is the slow drying ink . The manual says a photo should dry for 30 minutes before you do anything with it - 24 hours is even better . My old printer was an Epson . When the Epson printed a photo , it was ready for use in a minute . I could put a multiphoto sheet into my cutter immediately to separate the pictures.In general though , I highly recommend the MP810 .
 This printer is absolutely worth the money put down . The prints are excellent as like other canon printers are . Easy to use menu and scans are top notch.Have been using HP for the longest time and notice how fast this printer is even for photos at highest quality setting . The scanner interface is easy to use and is a no brainer.It seems like the ink consumption is good and have made several photo prints already and the levels does n't show much use.The only small issue is the size of the printer . If you want a top notch printer/scanner , take a look at this one . Amazon delivered quickly as always and had the best price considering the free shipping calculated in the total price paid .
 I am very pleased with this printer -LRB- Canon PIXMA MP810 All-in-One -RRB- . It was delivered quickly -LRB- even at C'mas time -RRB- . I am not the most computer-savy person but I 've been able to operate it -LRB- and hooked it up myself ! -RRB- with ease . It produces good photos , is fairly fast and user friendly . I would consider replacing this with the same model when the time presents itself .
 Edited the rating up to 4 -LRB- still going strong after 2 + years -RRB- I followed the setup instructions to the letter - on step number one I unlocked the scanner lock on the top of the unit per the instructions . It whirred for a bit , then said to ` unlock the scanner lock ' again . I opened the unit , found two more packing tapes inside that needed to be removed -LRB- note that for unpacking yours it does n't tell you to look in there , or even that there is a ` in there ' at that point -RRB- , removed them and still got same error message.Called their support line , they told me I should see ink cartridge come to center of unit when I open the lid and that that was the problem , they said I could get a refurbished unit , I said get lost I 'm getting an HP.Trying to click return here on Amazon , that feature was down . So I tipped the printer up on its edge just to see if there was some packing materials or something stuck onto the cartridge holder I could n't see . Nothing to be found there . I gently set unit back down - and error went away.Hmmmmm ... I 'll report back from here - but this encourages me to buy expensive electronics from a store so that I can just return it and get another one , instead of getting stuck with a refurbished one from a snooty manufacturer.Update : Well , I heard right back from Amazon they 're sending me a replacement . I still have the first one here . When I get the new one I 'll try it and send one back . Great work Amazon!My current one showed that same error an additional time or two - I tipped it up on end again and fixed it as before . I received it one additional time , and turning off and on again fixed it . I 've been using it for the last 24 hours just fine . Go figure . I guess I 'll try the new one for a day and if it has no problems , send the old one back.This is a really nice printer!Update
 This is a great product . I got it over the 600 because I wanted to scan negatives and slides , and overall have been quite pleased with the quality . - Patrick Jonas
 This is my 5th Canon Printer but the first multi-purpose printer I have owned . Just love it . Photo prints are superb . Negative and slide scans are brilliant . I really like the individual ink cartridges so I only have to replace single colors as they run out . Very easy to use . Would definitely recommend . I have never been disappointed with any of my Canon printers and have only replaced them to upgrade not because of any problems .
 I really like that I have everything I need in one product . It saved me from adding another USB port . I love that I can take film and print pictures from it since I am a photo buff . The only draw back was finding the film slot under the document cover.The illustration was not clear to me in booklet .
 As stated by other customers , the Crosley Stackmate AD01-01 has unfortunately a major flaw ! The base of the auto-adapter is made to large to fit the centrum hole of 45 rpm -LRB- 7 inch -RRB- records . It 's strange that the Crosley manufacturers have not noted this . I was about to throw it away , when i thought i 'd just give it a try and see if i could somehow fiddle with it to use at least parts of it . I discovered that with a simple adjustement you can make it work well enough to easily load and play 8 7 inch records ! Just go to a hardwear store and purchase a very small cheap screwdriver . Bring the adapter to make sure you find the right size that fits the screws.So , this is how you easily adjust the Stackmate make it work flawless : Take the small screwdriver and remove the 4 small screws visable on the adapter . You can now remove a small half of this adapter . The surface under the removed piece of plastic is smooth and flat like a BSR auto adapter . Now , simply put the Stackmate on the spindle and load the records as usual and it will work as it 's supposed to ! When the plastic part is removed it makes the adapter slimmer but leaves it with enough of its base to make the records stay in place for stacking and playing ! It 's worth the effort , because i have tried -LRB- on recommendation -RRB- to use the Omnidaptor , -LRB- made to fit most record changers , but is to high to be able to close the lid on crosleys Stack-o-matics . -RRB- I also tried the flat type BSR adaptor . It works , but not as easy as the adjusted Stackmate !
 As I have many older 45 's , some of the holes in the records are a little small -LRB- common problem -RRB- . You will then , as per instructions , remove the side pods and problem solved.This works well on the Crosley Stack-O-Matic retro photographs ...
 The reason that some records will not work properly with the adapter is not because the adapter is faulty . It is due to variations in the center hole diameter of the 45 rpm records . The solution is to simply remove the 8 small screws that hold the 2 outer sections of the adapter and just use the center part and it will work fine .
 Great cables for a good price . Very happy with purchase . Always nice to find some cheaper cable options that do a great job without all the expense of the more popular brands .
 I use these in the workplace for workstation connections and patch cables at the switch . They work well , plug in & unplug easily and seem fairly durable . We never re-use cables once used , so this has been an economical solution that performs .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working great . They come in different colors for color coding your connections , which is nice . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 What can I say ? It does what it is supposed to , and is good quality . fits perfectly , and is excellent for its purpose .
 This step down ring works as described . Could cause vignette especially at wide angles . Do n't over tighten it on your camera .
 GOOD BATTERY WORKS GREAT ITS BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL , ITS BIGGER AND AT A CHEAPER PRICE . . IM VERY HAPPY WITH IT
 Purchased in anticipation of videotaping a vacation trip with my old camcorder . It did n't disappoint me - charged well , and held it 's charge . No problems . Would purchase again .
 This product came in handy and I 'm glad I bought it . I like it very much . Most definitely recommend to anyone . Great to have .
 i used this battery and i was recording my son 's game and last over 3 hrs and still have some charge left and also good price for it
 When the OEM battery would only work for 5-10 minutes on a full charge I decided to try to milk my old Sharp camcorder for another year or so by purchasing another battery on Amazon . Thankfully this high capacity battery actually works , and performs for MUCH longer than I ever anticipated . Seemed like the `` Energizer bunny '' ... just kept going and going .
 We have been using one of these for about a year with 4 x 500GB Western Digital SATA drives . We buy the slightly more expensive WD drives that are made for RAID setups . Anyway , in RAID 5 , we get 1.5 TB of reliable network storage shared by several Windows XP machines and one OSX Mac.It is a little tricky setting up each client machine but once you get it done things work well.Two areas for improvement : - Although we use SATA II drives in this NAS , it only supports SATA I speed , so we are losing a little . This is n't a big deal since this is being used for backup/archiving only ; - Drives attached to the USB ports can not be formatted NTFS.We have suggested these improvements to Intel . Hope their next version has it.Anyway , the unit has been reliable and is very reasonably priced .
 Not much to say , it fits , it screws on correctly . It does what it was purchased for , reduce ring size on my filter mount .
 The 7 ' C2G Cat5E Patch Cable from Cables to Go works just like it 's supposed to and at a nice price also . I would buy them again .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Shipped fasted and fixed up my home network very easily . Nothing special ... Just right .
 Great response time across network and the cable connections were secure and packaged well . Great buy got a great cable .
 I needed a cable that would reach my Blu-Ray player so I could allow it to hook to the internet . This was cheaper and easier than setting up a wireless link . I can now enjoy ALL the benefits my Sony Blu-Ray has to offer !
 I originally ordered the cable directly from Cables to Go , but it was more expensive and they did n't have what I wanted . To my surprise , they had it through amazon for less money . Not sure why it was easier to buy through Amazon but it was .
 I needed a long , cheap cable to connect TiVo to my home network , and this did the trick ! Now I can transfer recorded programs to my computers to view later .
 This power converter did an amazing job.I was traveling to southeast part of Asia , Bangladesh / India . Needed a step down converter to power my Projector and a Powered amp and my laptop for putting out cinema inside the villages . This converter held up very well . I was very satisfied with the outcome.It does have easy access to the fuse in the rear , if you need to change it . I did n't have to . I used it continuously used it for six months without any problem . I still have it and will be using it again after a year.I have seen some other Transformers on Amazon , that had good reviews . I chose to buy this one even though it had no reviews . I placed my instincts on brand trust . FRANZUS/CONAIR has good reputation for making traveling accessories . As it turns out i did make an excellent choice . It is a quality product , does have some weight to it , shows how durable it is .
 Well designed and crafted , fits and protects the 17 '' Macbook Pro beyond my best expectations . A must have for carrying the new mac . Nice material and color as well .
 I bought this bag for my MacBook Pro . It 's just what I needed . Thin , convenient , protective , comfortable . Definitely recommended .
 I use this recorder for work in medical transcription , since it fits the mini tapes the psychiatrist I work for uses . It works pretty well , in my opinion . I have n't had any real issues with it . I am surprised such outdated equipment is still so expensive in general , but I do realize this is made in Austria , and that has something to do with it probably . For quality , I 'd say it does its job well so far .
 For the price this tape recorder works great.I used to have an expensive Norelco which after close to 20 yrs wore out.Don ' t expect this to last that long but is worth the money .
 I bought this drive as my primary photo backup for a trip to the Philippines , and I am very pleased with it . Transfers are fairly fast , the `` confirm '' feature is huge -LRB- I was a bit paranoid about losing photos -RRB- and the interface is pretty simple . On the other hand , it would have been nice to have a full-color preview screen and I do find that if you just let the machine do its thing and leave the room , it will turn off automatically when finished , which makes you wonder whether it actually completed copying at all ... but again , that 's a paranoia thing :-RRB- -LRB- And you can check the files if you like -RRB- . Construction is fine , seems like a sturdy plastic . I have n't tried the mp3 or radio capabilities yet , but I 'm sure that 'll be a draw for some people .
 I am installing the Bose 191 's in a new construction project , and purchased this rough-in kit to prepare my speaker location on the open studs . I really did n't want to have to make cuts and use the template on finished drywall - too much room for error , etc. . These plates made it a snap - simply measure and level them where you want and then either screw them to the studs or use a couple of roofing nails -LRB- better -RRB- . Voila ! The drywall is installed over them , and they leave a perfect guide for the drywall installers to pre-cut the hole for you.A little pricey for what they are , but worth it in the time you 'll save later - not to mention cleaner install with less chance of mistakes .
 We needed one these in our office . We already had a number of digital units but one partner still prefers the tape style . The recorder came with decent faux leather case , a wired microphone and wrist strap . Sometimes old technology is still better .
 Works great . I purchase it to use a close up lens on my zoom lens . The close up lens does n't work great on my zoom lens , but I will use the Step Down Ring for other filters .
 I like the solid full-metal construction of tripod - very sturdy , can hold heavy SLR . BUT ballhead is weak because of lack of precision . I was n't able to tight up the ball at all . Fortunately it is easy to fix -1 -RRB- Unscrew small hexagonal screw on opposite side to tightening bolt , now you can disassemble ballhead .2 -RRB- Cut small round spacet from thin plastic sheet -LRB- I used yogurt bottle -RRB- about 1/3 '' diameter and place it between ball and inner tip .3 -RRB- Reassemble construction and check how it works . You may need to use plastic with different thikness .4 -RRB- Finally put back hexagonal screw.After fix I 'm happy with this tripod .
 I owned the manhattan tablet for a year now . My brother owns a bamboo.So I had the chance to compare the two.Physical features : I did like the `` ink well '' feature in the bamboo.But I can live with holding the pen in my right hand and using my left hand on the keyboard to do everything the ink well does.The manhattan pen has its own battery so it can move the cursor while the tip is 2 inches above the pad . It also requires some pressure on the tip to start drawing or create a click function.The bamboo can only sense the pen when the tip is in contact with the pad.Software annoyance on the manhattan : I had a problem with assigning the user defined shortcut icons , located around the graphics pad , to open a web browser . Linking the icon to run firefox.exe or chrome.exe was easy and it did open the browser . But it opens it like it was like another user opening the browser . It did n't retain my previous history or bookmarks and it asked if I wanted to set the browser as default . but it was opening properly when clicking on the normal desktop icon . Any suggestions ?
 Im new to graphics tablets so I cant really compare to other products ... However as far as this one goes , I would recomend it to anyone looking for an affordable tablet that works very well.Set with Vista home Basic with trouble at all ... works very well with all programs ive used it with thus far . . -LCB- MS Paint , one note , word , MGI photo suite and many others -RCB- Easy to program buttons ... This Is A Very Nice Tablet For The Price ... Highly Recomended .
 When the tablet came in , I could not find the pen . Upon calling them about it , they informed me that the pen was the cardboard and might be a bit difficult to see . That 's the only difficulty I 've had with the tablet , and they were nice about it.The tablet itself is quite responsive and is also quite aesthetically appealing .
 It draws smooth , has lots of function buttons around the border -LRB- which can be disabled -RRB- , and works , mostly.Only problem is the drivers sometimes do not load up properly . Had to install drivers a few times , also need to plug it in , then remove it , then plug it back in for it to be detected correctly.Could not find the drivers online , keep the driver disk!Overall , considering price , this is a pretty damn good usb graphics -LRB- or music ! -RRB- tablet .
 I 've got two , they work well and have for a long time . When/if they stop working Monster will replace 'em free . Lifetime no hassle replacement guarantee . All my guitar cables , speaker cables etc. ? Monster . Love it .
 The Arista RCA Stereo Patch Cable 25-foot audio cableworks great . I have it hooked up so I can record my vinyl Lps on to my PC and make them into Mp3 's . The price was right and it arrived quickly .
 The quality of this cable is equivalent to most RCA cables that you can buy at retail locations . It 's a standard cable but with much more length than usual . If you 're in need of more length go with this cable . Overall I found this cheaper than the retail locations and just as good .
 So far they sound OK . I do n't have them in the place where i bought them for . I got 3 of them to hook-up my head unit to my two amps in the car . If they work in there i will be buying again . As of right now i will look for a little better guilty just based off what they sound like with my home stereo unit .
 Seems like it would work fine , happy with the quality and price , just did n't work for my computer like I was told it would by HP tech support .
 Product works great and does seem to charge faster than the wall charger that came with my device . I have used it numerous times and do not have any complaints .
 I purchase the Monster Cable Powerline 200 to replace the stock power cord that came with my 200 watt B&K amplifer . It did just that improving the image quality and cohesiveness of the sound . I found it to be a relatively inexpensive way to improve the overall sound of my amplifier . Ultimately , the Powerline 200 was replaced by a PS Audio power cord , which proved to make an even bigger improvement in sound , especially in the bass department . All in all , the Powerline 200 is a good product though and I think it is worth a try . I now use it on my surround sound receiver .
 Needed a longer cable for my 3D HDTV and this was the one to get since its so damn well made and monster stands by there products and will replace them -LRB- as long as you have the invoice/receipt and you bought it from a AUTHORIZED Monster cable dealer . If you have the extra cash and you have a pretty nice little setup , this is the cable to get . It 's one of the most well made power cables on the market right now for sure .
 For a moulded hard case , it is solid . The fit of the Canon EF 300mm f/2 .8 L IS USM lens , ET-120 lens hood , strap and E-145 lens cap is snug . The case can be turned over on each side and the contents are secure without inner movement . I take away one star because of it 's high price.Please refer to my uploaded photos .
 Really no complaints on getting it . It is as small as expected -LRB- 1-1/8 inch wide , 3 inches long with cap , 1/4 '' thick and sticks out of the computer 2-1/4 inches -RRB- . It feels like typical plastic for this type device . It does not appear flimsy or cheap and the semi-clear smoke color is useful to see what card is inside . It worked with my 16/32/1G and 2G SD cards . It was seen by my MacBook Pro with no problem . It reads and writes as fast as anything I connect -LRB- actually it is faster to take the card out of the camera and plug in this reader than do the wire connections and long load time for the Canon automated software and then I can move the files about as I wish -RRB- . It also worked fine under Windows NT -LRB- again on the Mac Laptop running on the Intel chip -RRB- . It does not have a lanyard -LRB- I never use them anyway -RRB- , the caps goes up or down and seem to hold firmly -LRB- a weakness in many of my thumb drives -RRB- and it had a bright red led when working.As long as it is durable and continues to work , this is a great product as far as I can tell .
 Despite this item 's low rating , I bought one because it was so cheap . I figured for $ 2 , what did I have to lose?I 've been using it now for over 2 years without a problem . It reads a variety of cards , SD and SDHC , even the micro SDHC adapter card I have to use with my cell phone . What I like best about this drive is that it 's very versatile and compatible with everything I 've thrown at it . My laptop reads SD cards but , because it 's older , it wo n't read certain SDHC cards . No problem ~ I just pop the card in this reader and use it as a flash drive via USB.Some of the previous reviews complain about the flimsiness of the product . Come on , it 's a hollow case that holds one SD card . What else do you expect ? I 've been using this since 2009 , taking it to work and back , without incident . It works on both my laptop -LRB- Windows Vista -RRB- and netbook -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- and with all four SD/SDHC cards I have.I would definitely recommend this for anyone needing an inexpensive card reader .
 I bought this product some months ago and i must admit it does live up to expectations . No problems yet reads my SD card perfectly . Works just fine .
 This product is a great value . Simple , inexpensive , easy to use . I primarily use it for SD cards and it works great . I highly recommend .
 It 's incredible how cheap this product is and how well it works . The only problem is that if you buy this item alone you will end up paying more for shipping than what it actually costs .
 I carry this adapter card reader with my camera . If I want to show my pictures on a friends computer or PS3 I do n't have to use the cables . Just plug it in and view .
 Fine little reader . For those who are having issues with Windows not seeing the card , visit disk manager and assign the drive manually . Windows sometimes forgets that a drive letter is already in use and attempts to assign it anyway , especially if you have mapped drives or other external drives . You can override the drive letter . It will also tell you if your media is properly partitioned and formatted for your machine . Also , some company computers do not allow card readers to show up so ask your IT department .
 I bought this to read SD cards from digital cameras . Not sure what the `` 24-in-1 '' claim pertains to ; it CA N'T be used for CF cards , but that 's not why I bought it anyway . Upload speed is fine .
 I got this so that I could easily transfer photos to a memory card for use in my digital photo frame , since my MacBook has no card slot built in.PROS : - work on my SD and MiniSD cards -LRB- those are the only ones I need it for -RRB- - has a light that 's on when it 's just plugged in and blinks when it 's ` working ' - great price-could be used as just an expandable jump drive - leave a card in it all the time -LRB- not sure if an 8gb SD might be cheaper than buying say , an 8gb jump drive ? -RRB- CONS : - the caps on either end -LRB- USB end and the end where whatever card goes into -RRB- are not attached in any way , so these could easily be lost.-there does n't appear to be any sort of loop or slot to attach it to a chain or keyring-it 's a bit wide - surely this is to accommodate some of the kinds of cards it can read , but this means that I do have to unplug the external HD I keep plugged in whenever I want to use this , since there is n't enough space between slots to have them both plugged in at the same time .
 I needed something that would do a good job reading a lot of the common and not so common memory cards out there and ideally something relatively inexpensive too . This little reader has fit both of them very well and I could n't recommend it enough for the price . The only real con I 'd say is it 's not very aesthetically pleasing to look at . That said , it does it 's job well.-Travis S -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It claims to be a 23-in-1 card reader , but it really is a SD card reader as almost all of the other card formats are obsolete . It has decent read/write speeds that are totally dependent on the type of media that you have in it . The USB plug will not fit into all USB ports because of the adapter 's wide body , but this is to be expected . One big drawback is that it does not support the new SDHC format , but it never claimed to . All in all it is a device that is worth the cost only if you are getting free shipping .
 The case itself has stood up to pretty constant use by a lot of different hands -LRB- it is used in both a household and a classroom -RRB- . So , for this I am very thankful . However , the iPad does n't quite fit into the opening as flush as I think it should - but it is a tolerable amount of variance . What bugs me more , but did n't make it worth sending back , is that I ca n't get it to function as a prop like I 've seen so many other people do with similar cases . I wish it worked better in this capacity , but it still beat paying $ 50 at the manufacturer 's store .
 Product is exactly what I was after . Protects the corners . Nice product and great service . Quick delivery . Use it for work and it cops a bit of punishment with no worries .
 For a small business this module and the rest of this system are a life saver
 I 've been using the Fellowes Excutive Keyboard Tray for a couple weeks now and find it works well.The system is easy to install , but quite heavy . I do n't have much arm strength and I actually needed help carrying this upstairs to my desk . The heaviest part is the metal runner . It 's designed to be able to withstand lots of keyboard smashing -LRB- works great for sending out those angry messages to customer service for instance -RRB- . I installed the tray onto my wood desk and I expect it to hold up well.I use a standard size keyboard , so I did n't encounter many of the problems other people experienced . The mouse and keyboard trays adjust easily and seamlessly . The wrist support is comfortable.If you 're looking for an easy to use , adjustable keyboard/mouse tray , this one works very well .
 I use this keyboard tray as a replacement to the slide out draw on our computer desk . The slide out mechanism fell apart and the current rigged version is unsightly . I ordered this in hopes of fixing the problem . It works beautifully as long as we use the standard keyboard that came with the computer.This keyboard tray requires two people to install but the directions are clear . After installation , we marveled at the ease at which the tray slid out from under our desk and the mouse pad swung out . The mouse pad can be attached to the tray on either the left or right side and the ability to swing in or out makes it very compact . I am right-handed while my husband is left-handed and the permanency of the mouse pad attachment causes some issues but I doubt this would apply to many households . The tray can be adjusted up and down for comfort.The main problem was that our newer keyboard did not fit this tray because it was too big . I would think that most gaming keyboards would be too big as well . You need to read the dimensions carefully before purchasing to make sure your keyboard will fit.I would recommend this for a one person work station with the use of a standard keyboard only .
 I have an older type desk which has no protruding parts so this keyboard tray fitted right onto the underside of the top section . I struggled a little with the installation because I did it without turning the desk over and the section you fasten on the desk is heavy but I managed to get it fitted without any problems and I am very happy with the end result . My keyboard -LRB- a Microsoft Wireless Keyboard 3000 -RRB- fits on the keyboard section and my Microsoft Sidewinder Mouse is happy on it 's platform.The first thing to note is that this tray is extremely sturdy and all the parts are metal apart from the wrist support so this is designed for long term use and for anyone who uses a computer regularly . I love the overall design , it makes the process of using the keyboard and mouse a lot easier and because you can adjust everything to the way you want it then you feel more comfortable so get less tired when you have a busy day . Once you are done then you can push the tray back into your desk and you have the free space again.I highly recommend this product if you are a heavy computer user or for someone who has problems with your neck or back .
 I frequently order the banana board , and a variety of keyboard trays directly from the workstation manufacturer . Each of them have their strengths and weaknesses . This tray can adjust with little effort and has a `` non-locking '' -LRB- can be easily adjusted without undoing a knob or lock -RRB- movement . For my power users , I tend to recommend a more robust locking mechanism , but for my occasional users or for those that sit more than one person , this keyboard tray is an excellent option . The little lever at the top makes changing the keyboard angle easy and the `` non-locking '' adjustment makes for fairly rapid changes.It is a nice tray that may need a little more space to be perfect . The right balance between overall size is tough for a keyboard tray . As a safety guy for a medium sized biz , I find that users are always wanting a slightly different fit to their tray , their chair , and their desk.Overall , the tray is good stuff as a solid option in my office for those users that are not sitting at their workstation all 8 hours -LRB- I usually will go sit-stand workstations at that point anyway -RRB- , or have a more mobile staff that gets up and down a lot or sits more than one person at a workstation in a day .
 This is an excellent Keyboard tray . Installation was quick an easy . Helpful to have a second person there , but completely possible with one . Very versatile . I can move it to any position that I feel comfortable in . Adjusts easily , and is strong and sturdy in any position.Recommended buy!I have had shoulder problems from working on a keyboard for over 8 hours a day . It has alleviated some of my pain . I 'm sure in the month to come it will be even better with some help on my part .
 We used this at my husband 's desk . He is an artist who spends long hours working at his computer . The ergonomic design of this has helped him a great deal with tiredness in his arms and hand and with alleviating the pain in his lower back , as he is now sitting properly in his seat while using his keyboard . This is an amazing product.The instruction sheet for assembly and installation is entirely visual , consisting of line drawings , directional indicators , and exploded views for each of the 12 steps . There are no verbal instructions or clarifications . Initially , this looked dangerous but each step was adequately explained and each of the steps was logical and clear.There are still ways to get hurt . Care should be given when removing the cardboard piece that separates the moving parts of the arm mechanism . The spring in this device is very powerful and can cause the arm parts to snap together , becoming an effective `` mouse trap '' for fingers.The adhesive strip on the top side of the attachment rail is strong enough to hold the rail in position under the table/desk top while screws are being attached . This was greatly helpful although it was important to position the rail in the correct position the first time . It was also helpful to have a carpenter 's square to assure that the rail was perpendicular to the front edge of the table/desk . All of the other parts were also easy to install . Attachment of the front bumper bar that keeps the arm mechanism on the rail was straightforward . Be sure that the bracket overlaps the end of the rails , and that the flat vertical side faces the front of the table/desk . The guides for positioning keyboard and mouse cables are of two types . One is a clip that slides onto the adjustable arm that supports the keyboard . The other two have adhesive backing and may be positioned in any convenient location depending upon desk configuration . Step 8 illustrates suggested location on the arm mechanism , but these might also attach to the under side of the table/desk . The mouse pad may be attached on either right or left side of the keyboard platform , depending on preference and or `` handedness . `` My husband measured all of these parts for me because this item does put you back away from your desk a distance and you need to have the space for it . The keyboard platform may be adjusted for height , for distance from table/desk edge , and for rotation in relation to the edge of the table/desk . In the `` closed '' position , the platform stows completely beneath the front edge of the table/desk with the bottom of the platform approximately 3.5 '' lower than desk top . When positioned in its highest position , the platform for keyboard is 2.5 '' below the desk top and the mouse caddy is 1.5 '' below desk top . This makes the entire device much lower than you would think , but somehow this causes less strain on the lower back after hours at the computer . When it is in this position , the keyboard platform extends 12.5 '' in front of the desk edge . The greatest extension in the upper position places the front edge of the keyboard platform 16.5 '' in front of the desk edge . In lowest position , the keyboard extends only 10 '' in front of the desk edge . The mouse caddy may be adjusted in relation to the keyboard by positioning the sliding attachment and also by rotating the caddy . The 8.75 '' diameter of the caddy seems adequate for the majority of mouse movements.The keyboard platform is sturdy , and the wrist support padding at the forward edge allows for good support . Non-skid pads keep the keyboard in position , even when the platform is tilted away from level . The angle of the platform may be adjusted to elevate the wrist pad above the normal position , but not lower than normal . The Keyboard manager is versatile and allows for a good range of user adjustment . It supports the keyboard securely and affords excellent wrist and arm support . The mouse caddy is conveniently located , and also feels very secure in use.Overall , this product is well engineered , and installs in a straightforward process . The design and the quality of materials suggest that this device will provide good service over time with minimal maintenance .
 The Fellowes Professional Executive keyboard Tray is all that I could ask for . Much sturdier than anything I have used before , it can be adjusted to any height or angle with the pull of a lever . The suspended mouse pad is also perfectly situated . Nice product .
 I installed this on a set of cabinets that I built . I have a front face of about 1.5 inches that extends below the bottom of the cabinet top so I glued and screwed a piece of wood on the underside so that the tray-slide is even with the bottom of the cabinet front face . I then mounted the keyboard tray , instructions are easy to understand , and it works great.The tray holds its position very well , even when you are resting your hands on the keyboard . The tray can be easily lowered or raised by tilting the tray forward . As other reviews have stated , you want a good 22 inches from the back of the cabinet to the cabinet face to mount it .
 I installed this on a secondary desk in my office -LRB- the primary desk has a center drawer making it impossible to install an aftermarket keyboard tray -RRB- . Installation itself took only about 30 minutes , but after using this thing for a while I am inclined to switch the desk roles . This is literally the best tray I have ever had the pleasure of using . You can sit back on your chair , and have the tray perfectly positioned in front of you for comfortable typing . For example , I can tilt my office chair backwards and tilt the keyboard tray forward to achieve a perfect position.When tilting , the keyboard itself does not slide , due to some sort of anti-slide material present in the tray surface.I am using a regular keyboard -LRB- a Logitech EX100 keyboard + mouse set -RRB- and it fits fine.What I hate though , is the mouse pad . It 's too small for comfortable use IMO . And round
 Product is very sturdy , and slim enough to stay out of the way when I do n't need my keyboard . I do n't use the mouse tray because it seems to small for me , I just keep my mouse on my desk . My keyboard is not huge , but it is larger than normal , and it fits without any issues.It took about an hour to install on my desk , which is a normal laminate/particle board office desk .
 I had high hopes for this product . Let me explain.Currently , my desk is a beautiful , hand crafted cherry table . I love it . A keyboard tray would even make it better , and this product looked ideal . However , I should have spent more time reviewing the product details outlined here . Notice the clearance needed . That is clearance that I do n't have . Because I am using a table , not a desk , there is wood trim around the bottom of the table . I ca n't install the item as I intended to use it.Nevertheless , it is a terrific , quality product ... provided that your desk has the correct under-surface to install it to .
 I found the Fellowes Professional Series Executive Keyboard Tray , to be sturdy , well made and adjustable in every way that I need . I mounted the tray on the underside of a pricey adjustable 48-inch by 36-inch computer desk . My desk was plenty deep enough to accommodate the tray and mouse stand , but I can see how smaller -LRB- and especially less deep -RRB- desks would present a problem.I use a standard width keyboard , so the width issue did n't effect me , but if it 's a problem for you , there removable brackets on the side of the keyboard stand that can be removed to accommodate a wider unit.The keyboard tray moves up and down easily and the tilt control -LRB- which only lets you tilt back -RRB- is a slider just behind the tray . the mouse stand of course remains flat , but allows you to place it at varying distances from the keyboard.This unit is solid and well made , but you need to confirm all your measurements before ordering .
 Whoa ! My current desk is so not worthy of this unexpected amazing unit . There 's nothing really wrong with my desk , as it wraps around into a corner , and already had a keyboard tray . But , I ripped my tray right out and put this welcomed addition in with ease . You need an extra set of hands for this to make sure you are aligned properly and helps to have the extra eyes as well . It is a heavy , well made unit , and once it 's installed , you can be confident it is secure.The variations of angles and lifts are perfect for me . Elevate , lower , tilt , slide , and the mouse tray is it 's own entity with spinning and twisting to match your preferred comfort zone . I tried both a PC and Mac keyboard , and though the Mac board seems a bit lost being smaller , this actually becomes more work space . But it is perfect for the standard keyboard . If you have wires , there is organization for those as well . Everything very well thought out to justify the list price.I am self-employed and work at home , and on the computer constantly . If you are at your desk a lot , you owe it to yourself to make this small investment . Consider it a quality mattress . You sleep a third of your life , and work another third , so , make it the best possible.I am by far more than impressed with this workspace product achievement .
 I 'd been looking for a good keyboard tray for ages and was drawing blanks . I 'm a writer , so I 'm at my desk quite a bit , and I do suffer from back and wrist issues , so this year I bought a good chair from Steelcase and tried to improve my pain situation . But while the chair has been great , getting a keyboard to sit at the right level has been pretty impossible , until I got this tray.Although it 's quite heavy , it 's easy to install . The backplate has a sticker that allows you to attach it temporarily to the bottom of your desk while you put the screws in . The only issue I had at all was that the backplate is deep , and I needed to switch desks to have enough depth.Once the plate is in , you simply slide the pivoting arm onto the plate , attach the mouse platter , and you 're in business.The tray slides in and out of my desk easily , and is completely height adjustable , making it simple to find a comfortable position . There 's a lever that allows for a pitch adjustment , raising the leading edge up to position it more naturally for some people , and the entire thing can be pivoted right and left.The mouse surface is a bit small , but totally usable , with a clip to hold the mouse wire in place that actually rotates around the outer surface to avoid binding it up . The mouse surface feels plenty secure , and I never feel like I 'm stressing the tray at allMy only complaints are that my keyboard , a Microsoft Sidewinder , is wide , and does n't fit perfectly on the tray when the number pad is attached -LRB- it 's removable on this keyboard -RRB- , though it is workable . Also , the included wrist rest precludes the tray from being used with a keyboard that 's even slightly deeper than standard
 Length :
 Do n't mistake thisFellowes Professional Series Executive Keyboard Tray -LRB- 8036101 -RRB- for just another under the desk keyboard drawer , as it 's far better than that . It may appear to be stylish in a high tech sense , but its function and ergonomic design make it stand out from so many similar products that just can not compare.Some years back I had a preliminary diagnosis of tendonitis in my elbows and possibly carpal tunnel syndrome in my wrists , and was told that I needed to observe the basic rules for working long periods before a computer screen . The first was understanding how posture can effect these conditions , and with that some simple computer chair adjustments will help quite a bit . But the ergonomics of working at a keyboard for long periods are more complex . Cheap keyboard trays seem to provide temporary relief for some , but properly adjusted to individual needs , this Fellowes Pro Executive Keyboard Tray can actually enable a user to spend long periods in front of a computer without the typical strain one often encounters.But the first trick is to get it installed , and that may take some doing for some people . It 's easier than one might think , and it also requires some hand tools and a bit of common sense.Pre-Installation : It 's best to have a desk underside that is flat . The product description says it will fit most desks , but one needs to inspect the surface from the underside before the installation is started . The track is just under 22 inches . If your desk has a front lip underneath -LRB- mine did not -RRB- , then you may wish to measure and cut a piece of plywood on which the track is to be mounted before you begin.When first unpacking the keyboard tray , look for the instruction sheet for assembly and installation . It 's completely visual , and consists of simple and easy-to-follow line drawings and exploded views for each of the steps . There are no written directions or instructions , and each step is logically explained . If you 've ever assembled an item from IKEA , you 'll find this even easier to follow.One should inspect the parts as they are removed from the carton , then lay them out in order of the projected assembly , but use care when removing the cardboard separator that separates the mechanism of the arm assembly . It has a powerful spring that could allow the arm components to snap together.Installation : There 's an adhesive strip on the top side of the attachment rail that 's strong enough to hold the rail in place under the desktop while the screws are being fastened . It 's important to place the rail in the correct position the first time . It was also helpful to have a carpenter 's square to assure that the rail was perpendicular to the front edge of the table/desk . All of the other parts were also easy to install . Attachment of the front bumper bar that keeps the arm mechanism on the rail was straightforward . Be sure that the bracket overlaps the end of the rails , and that the flat vertical side faces the front of the table/desk . The guides for positioning keyboard and mouse cables are of two types . One is a clip that slides onto the adjustable arm that supports the keyboard . The other two have adhesive backing and may be positioned in any convenient location depending upon desk configuration . Step 8 illustrates suggested location on the arm mechanism , but these might also attach to the under side of the table/desk . The mouse pad may be attached on either right or left side of the keyboard platform , depending on preference and or `` handedness . `` Pros : + Professional looking , attractive in most office settings + Adjustable keyboard tray tilts up , down , and swivels + Mouse platform can be used on either side and adjusts up , down , swivels + Comfortable ergonomic wrist padCons : - May not fit all desks -LRB- see above -RRB- - Does not fit all keyboards , especially smaller Mac keyboardsSummary : This Fellowes Professional Series Executive Keyboard Tray is , to put it simply , a highly desirable addition to any computer workspace . It can be adjusted to fit the needs of almost any user or working situation . The only problem that this reviewer ran into was that the small Mac keyboards get lost on the tray itself , but this is a highly subjective opinion . All standard and full-size keyboards that this reviewer tried not only fit well , but the keyboard tray enhanced the functionality of the keyboard itself in respect to typing ease and even accuracy.This 5-star product is a pleasure to use , and is highly recommended .
 The first thing you need to do before purchasing this product is to know what you are going to install it on , and what you are going to use on it . Which is to say , measure , measure , measure.Big keyboards are n't going to fit , and some desks are n't going to work with the arm support system . For example , if you have one of those big split-ergonomic keyboards , they wo n't fit . A Mac keyboard will ! Also , if you have a fancy desk with a deep bull-nose you are not going to be able to attach the tray.That said , if you have an armoire setup like mine , you 'll find installation is a breeze and the tray is sturdy and looks professionally awesome . The mouse pad I did n't particularly care for . It was just awkward to use so I ended up using the side table which worked out fine.Pam T ~
 This is one of the most functional , ergonomic and well built keyboard trays that I have coem across . All parts of it are manufactured out of the highest quality materials , and this results in an extremely comfortable typing and mouse-moving experience . The tray can be adjusted to suit any typing preference . It is very sturdy and once it 's placed in the desired position it stays put . It slides easily under the desk and can be put there after the use . Because of its weight however , it should only be installed on the desk that are made of the higher quality wood . The installation is not trivial and should be attempted only by those with some experience with assembling furniture .
 I know I 've had bad postture for a while , which caused me all sorts of back-aches , to the point of insomnia . The reason was because I held my hands/shoulders up too high . This until definetely fixed my problem . It was easy to install and eradicated my posture issue . Also , it is very well built and professional looking .
 Solidly built adjustable keyboard tray , heavy and would be perfect for anybody using a solid wood desk . Will also work on desks using recycled or composite materials , but be wary that some of them are not strong enough and may tend to chip and does n't handle screws very well . But , with a true solid wood , it is a perfect match . Paddings are also of great quality , firm but not too soft.Before doing a purchase , you have to know in advance what kind of desk you are planning to use it to . Practically , you will be placing a rail under your desk . It will be around 22 '' of clearance and has to be a flat surface . Next , you will likely be OK if you are using a normal size keyboard . But if you have a specialty kind keyboard , oversized or gaming keyboard , be sure to check the dimensions.You would need some tools to install . Particularly a drill and drivers . The product is heavy and depending on your resourcefulness , you most likely will need an extra pair of hands during the installation.It is actually very neat . You can slide your keyboard out of sight under the desk . Now you see it , now you do n't . The circular mouse pad can also be positioned multiple ways . For people who really take posture into serious consideration , this tray works great . This helps you from that bad habit of slumping on your seat.If you are that type of person who like to rest his forearms on the desk , you have to remember that using this tray you will have your arms hanging on the air . Your mouse will be on a pad that is slightly slanted . It has clamps to tuck the cord of your mouse nicely hidden , no dangling cords . One disadvantage of having your mousepad situated this way is that there are more chances of nudging it to the floor .
 Sturdy and reliable this tray affixes to only the strongest professional desk tables.I 've had it for over a year now with no problems or complains . Installation was not hard .
 Very easy to install , quality is good . Make sure you measure your desk ahead of time . . Tray slides smoothly . Well built and easy to adjust .
 The Pentax MX4 is a great all around digital/video camera because of all it 's features . I do n't know of another digital camera with all the features it has such as 4mp ,10 x optical -LRB- 100x digital -RRB- ,640 x480 MPEG-4 Movie at 30 fps with sound that plays directly on TV from the camera ,1.8 '' swiveling LCD , ergonomic rotating grip , PictBridge etc. . It take just a few minutes to load the MP4 video on the computer and view it with Quicktime then burn it on CD 's or DVD 's to share it with family and friends . It has 10 picture modes along with program,shutter-priority , aperture-priority , metered manual , voice recording and eight digital filters . I use a tripod with fluid head when using the zoom lens at 10x for rock steady images or videos . When on vacation you can combine the still images with videos on the same SD memory card . I just ordered the Epson P-2000 multimedia storage and viewing device that has a 40GB HD and 3.8 '' LCD to download the SD cards so you can shoot all the photo and video you want on vacation without having to worry about running out of storage . And the best thing about the Pentax MX4 is the price that is less than half what I paid for my 3mp Epson 3100Z in 2001 .
 I HAVE SEVERAL DIFFERENT CAMERAS INCLUDING THE SANYO-FISHER CAMERACORDER FVD-C1 WHICH COSTS $ 750 BUT THIS MX4 TAKES VIDEO JUST AS GOOD @ 640X480 WITH 30 FPS AND EVEN BETTER PICS @ 4MP COMPARED TO 3.2 ON THE FISHER ! AND I PAID LESS THAN HALF THE PRICE ! THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUE DIGITAL STILL/VIDEO CAMERA ON THE MARKET , THE VIDEO LOOKS ALMOST AS GOOD AS MINI DV AND THE STILLS ARE ALMOST AS GOOD AS MY MINOLTA DIMAGE 7i , ALL I CAN SAY IS YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH THIS CAMERA FOR UNDER $ 300 !
 I bought this recently because of the good reviews on here so far and I must say I 'm not disappointed . It looked quite big when I viewed the picture but trust me this baby is so tiny and looks really cute . It 's very easy to use and much better if you buy a lets say 1GB SD card since you can record longer , obviously and take more pics but like the previous reviewer said , you can by a multimedia storage and store them in it if you 're on holiday.The quality of the images are very good and the video cam is n't too bad either . You can play around with the quality and obviously the lesser quality the more you can store in the SD.Only thing I have to say is that if you are looking for a cam corder more than a digital than this is n't your best option and vice versa for Digital cam as there are so many now and some better in quality but this baby is great and has both in one package so it 's like best of both worlds .
 I realize that probably no one is going to read this review due to the fact that the Optio MX is now considered to be out-dated . With the new absurd mega pixel monsters on the market , which by the way is just a marketing ploy and really has nothing to do with quality , I 'm sure that not many of you are interested in this updated review . But here it goes ... The Optio MX was a camera that was ahead of it 's time ! We 've had this camera for over 2 years now . Wanting a more compact camera with the current modern features such as image stableization and longer battery life , we bought a few other camera 's since , Sony , Fuji , Canon , but we always went back to the Optio MX . The picture quality of the Optio MX is superior to all the other camera 's that we purchased . The video with the Optio MX is also superior . One of the big problems with video is the low-light performance , but the Optio MX excells in this area , and makes video 's that are excellent even in low-light . The unbelievable amount of features and manual controls make this camera a diamond in the rough.It 's too bad that Pentax abandoned this great camera . A few refinements would have made this camera perfect . The Optio MX is a few years old now - and that means it 's almost an antique in the world of technology , but if you can find one of these beauties BUY IT ! There is STILL nothing better out there than the Optio MX .
 I 've had my Pentax Optio MX4 for two years and I ca n't think of a single thing that I 'd change . I 've used other digital cameras - HP and Sony - and this is by far the best point and shoot I 've ever used . I take hundreds of shots every month and the picture quality is exception .
 Have been using MX4 for 3 months now . I have a couple other digital cameras -LRB- Kodak and Canon -RRB- . The MX4 has the most features . Several thing I especially like
 Very pleased with the quality , value , and service . I received a qualityproduct with extras , cheaper , and faster shipping then previously experienced on ebay . I 'm sold on Amazon.com for its quality of sellers , and will definately purchase from this seller again without hesitation . Thanks for the great experience .
 I bought this camera a month ago and it really serve its purpose . with a camera like this , what more can u ask for ? it has a 10x optical zoom and a 10x digital zoom which u can adjust and a digital camera & video camra in one ! this is my first digital camera and i think i really made a good deal buying this .
 I bought one , a few days ago . I 'm loved .
 The antenna and conversion cables worked great . The splitters worked fine for Sirius but gave me a distorted picture on the cable . I ran a separate coax line for the Sirius and all works great . Best satellite reception I ever had !
 I had problems with indoor receptions with Sirius boom box external antenna so I bought this . It works very well so now I have excellent reception indoors . I installed it with the splitter for standard Satellite not HD and it works well this way I do n't know how well it would affect HD reception for the TV if at all . I am very pleased with this unit .
 This was a great price for this antenna and it arrived in two days . The signal I get from this is more than from the standard window antenna that ships with the home kit . It 's mast mounted at the peak of my roof with my FM antenna . I 'm really pleased with this .
 This outdoor antenna has finally provided me with a quality signal , 24 hours a day . But it took this kit to do it . In addition , I mounted it on a 20 foot pole I had at home , so it would clear the roof top . Even with all the large Fir trees around my house , the signal never fails . Say goodbye to the silly window antenna , and buy this one . You will never have a dropped signal again.One more thing , be sure you have enough cable for where you are going to install the antenna , in order to reach the place you want to have your radio . There is a cable extension you can purchase with this antenna . I bought it , and this allowed me to place the antenna up above the roof , and still have the radio downstairs on the main floor .
 Great simple camera , easy to use . Has a lot of features , and it uses a standard memory card , which is very cheap right now . Great Bargain . Bought my camera for 150 .
 I GOT THIS CAMERA FOR CHRISTMAS AND I LOVE IT . IT 'S EASY TO USE - EVEN FOR ME AND I 'M NOT REALLY TECH SAVVY ! EASY TO DOWNLOAD-EASY TO UNDERSTAND .
 I was sceptical of the Opteka .5 x wide angle lens adapter because of the low price . At $ 79.95 it was hundreds less than other brand name models . I was shooting a low budget documentary in HDV and needed something to shoot subjects in a car . It was only a couple of scenes so I took a chance.The picture quality is good - clean not fuzzy - and the warping at the edges is minimal . It 's a two piece unit that screws together and it is heavy but it works . The only thing about adding that much glass is you get more speculars , particularly outdoors on a sunny day . Maybe the more expensive ones have a way to reduce this effect , I do n't know . For the money , this lens worked just fine .
 Totally pleased that this item is still available . Other tapes did not provide the same video clarity . Product was promptly received and in mint condition.One happy customer . Thanks Amazon ! : -RRB-
 Excellent Scanner for Insurance Cards / Drivers License.Auto Crop a great feature . Easy to install . Fast in color as well as B/W
 This scanner handles most snapshot sizes and handles them very quickly . If you have hundreds of snapshots you want to digitize and do n't feel comfortable sending them out to a service , this is a good solution . It 's also quite compact , just 9 `` x5 .5 `` x1 .5 '' , so you can pack it up with your laptop and scan those photos your relatives wo n't part with next time you visit .
 We saw one of these being used in a medical office to scan insurance cards and were impressed with the speed of the scanning and its obvious ease of use . We have a large number of family snapshots that we wanted to digitize so we bought one for ourselves and have been every much as pleased with this handy little scanner as we expected . As a bonus , we get periodic emails from Fujitsu with some useful tips about using this scanner .
 Very good video and sound . Works as advertised . Takes very good video even at night . Would recommed to other .
 Not much to say except it works like a sony and is built to last ! Hight quality images and has a low light feature that is pretty awesome !
 Just got one of these little cameras from ebay and am having lots of fun with it . My expectations were low but I was pleasantly surprised at the picture quality in the `` high res '' mode . No , the instructions are n't great , but the set I got was in French -LRB- ! -RRB- and I managed to figure everything out.I do n't think I 'd pay $ 25 for this camera , but it was certainly worth the $ 12 I paid for it on ebay .
 As usual Cables To Go produces a low-cost , sturdy cable . I use this in my profession as a tech everyday , so it sees a lot of use . So as much daily stress I put on this thing , including having to get the ends into tight places where the cable is being twisted at almost a 90 degree angle , I highly recommend it . Nice to also have a x-over cable that just is n't boring yellow or gray .
 Pros : * Setup was extremely easy
 I am very happy with this s-video I purchased on May 2011 . It is far superior than the one I purchased earlier .
 Oh my god ! These headphones rock . Once I opened them on Christmas I know that they were the best . There perfact there the coolest color they actuly work , they have an adjustable volume know on there cord so you dont have to use the one on the cd player as much , and more ! it 's defonatly worth the amount . I got my pair 1 years ago and they still work , even after a hard life ! they 've be droped , skached , dunked bitten , everything you can think of and they still work . These are perfect for almost everyone too because of there awesome coler and stile . There the perfect headphones !
 Nas is a good raper he got some good rimes i would like to liset to Nas with these head phones , BUT THEY 'RE NOT AVAILABLE !
 The Aiwa Splash Proof radio I purchase is perfect - actually a Christmas gift for my husband but I did open it to see what it looked like in person , turned it on to hear the sound - excellent . The size is exactly what I was looking for but the looks of the radio exceeded my expectations - I know my husband will love it . I 've looked for months for the perfect Splash Proof AM/FM radio and found it . Thank you.Leigh Smith
 this is a great pair of replacement headphones , sounds good , feels good and they fit well on the head . i would recommend these headphones as a replacement for any OEM phones and at -LSB- a good price -RSB- , it just does n't get any better .
 I 've had these for a few months , and I have been very pleased . They are comfortable , the cover is not the normal cheap foam - it feels more like the large studio headphones.They also block out alot of sound with a small size , and have great range . My music has alot of depth with these , which makes a big difference over other headphones.The cord is long , making them very useful for my daily commute as well as use at the computer . They fold to a pretty compact size and fit easily into the included pouch.My only complaint is that after about 45 minutes , they start to feel a little snug .
 these little suckers have some punch , plus some accuracy , and I am a jazz/classical listenter , not overly enamored by bass gimmicks
 I love these , despite the fact that within only a few hours of having them , the `` leatherette '' covering on the earpads started disintegrating and peeling off . A few days later , tired of having flecks of black `` leather '' come off on me , my hair , my clothes , my furniture , I rubbed the rest of it off . They function just as well , and I think that JVC would have been better off just leaving the foam bare than to put that faux leather on them . It looks as though it was sprayed on . The sound , however , is the best of any of the portable headphones I have used , including earbuds . They are comfortable -LRB- when they are n't peeling all over you -RRB- , the fact that they fold up makes them easy to stick in my bag , and the sound range is very good . Good value .
 These headphones easily beat the Sennheisers and at only $ 15 that 's insane . The bass is great and the mids solid . Treble is the only thing somewhat lacking , but only somewhat . I 'd give these headphones 5 stars if it were n't for the fact that after using them for only 7 days , the ear pads have started disintegrating . The soft faux leather that holds the foam in has started completely coming apart . It started with cracking and now has moved on to little pieces peeling off revealing the pleather underneath . It 's not a huge deal since the pleather still holds the foam on , put I ca n't believe these were made this cheap . With sound this good I ca n't say I 'm surprised since they had to cut costs somewhere.Anyway if you want great sound , and do n't care about quality then these are for you . I am keeping them based on the fact that they demolished the other headphones I tried in the bass area -LRB- Including the PMX60 Sennheisers -RRB- . Since I wear them at work I wanted a small headphone but big bass . These are the only pair I 've found that deliver that.Hope this helps .
 Pyle PT-652T Digital AM / FM TunerThis tuner was part of the rebuilding of my 20 year old home stereo system . In hind sight , I wish I had shopped for same-brand components but this tuner fits just nicely . I am not crazy about the smooth antenna connection . It has fallen off more than once when shuffling the components around .
 I needed a tuner for my old amplifier . This Pyle PT652t works perfectly for my requirement . It was a good value also .
 I am getting what I paid for . I am receiving the stations that I want very clearly . I recommend this tuner .
 These Sony Xpoldes certainly are n't the best speakers on the market but when you compare the sound quality you 're getting for the price , they are a great deal ! The sound is clear , undistorted and capable of handling very loud volumes . If you 're looking for a good pair of speakers to improve the sound quality of your car and you 're on a budget then these Sony Xplodes are definatley the way to go . I have these speakers in my car and I am very happy with them . They are certainly worth the money .
 First , a note of explanation -- the Cruzer comes in different `` sizes '' , which really only amount to the capacity of the flash memory card inside the little box . I bought one with the 64MB SD card ; you can also look at the reviews for the 128MB module ... most of the insights will probably be the same.It took a little doing in getting it to work on my Win98SE machine . After futzing around for a while , I found a set of instructions on SanDisk 's website that basically says
 How many pictures will it store ? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about . Well , considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The SanDisk Cruzer with 64MB Secure Digital Card , like most 64MB cards , will store on average 71 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera , 53 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera , 32 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera , 25 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera , and 20 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera . These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs .
 I give a lot of public presentations using powerpoint . In most cases , I have to send the presentation days before I am really happy so that the conference organizers can load it on the conference system , or we have to do an awkward swap and connect my laptop to the conference projector . Floppies ca n't hold a ppt of any decent length . No one has zip drives . I do n't have time to burn my presentations on CD 's or DVD 's . So I bought the Sandisk Cruzer.I can load 5-10 different presentations on the 64 mb card , and as long as the OS is windows 2000 or above , it is plug and play . It is great for swapping files between unnetworked systems -LRB- sneaker net -RRB- . I love the fact that I can upgrade the memory with a simple , affordable SD flash memory purchase.If you give speeches or presentations at conferences , the Cruzer is a must .
 Deep , loud Bass , Extremely comfortable to wear . High quality sound , quite accurate . Heard details on my music I 've never heard before . Great Balance of Value and Quality . Only downfall is that they are plastic .
 Two Thumbs Up ! When I tried this headset with some of classical music CDs -LRB- DDD , ADD , AAD -RRB- and OGG -LRB- 500Kbps Max_Value -RRB- files made by them -LRB- I tested them ! :--RRB- -RRB- , it is very different from other general headsets . It expresses music and sound with more deep and sharp with very sophisticated voices ; therefore , each of instruments in orchestra expresses its discrete sounds very cleary . :--RRB- I think that it has huge value with the price . Low price with high quality sounds . :--RRB- I 'm also satisfied with the volume control in the headset , especially for the volume level . When I listen to a classical music , i turned on the volume level with 55/100 % . It is too loud for me to listen a music over 60/100 % . I really recommend this headset when you are especially a classical music listener . It will be excellent choice for you .
 I was just thinking about how old my headphones were . I got them just a little over 4 years ago -LRB- February 18 , 2004 and it is now April 8 , 2008 -RRB- the condition is still excellent . The sound is still excellent . The comfort is still excellent . I have probably had these on my head for 4,000 hours of my life as I work in a cubicle environment and stream music to listen through these headphones more than half of every work day . I just thought it would be worth sharing my great experience with these as I think they are the best product I have ever purchased from amazon , and now the price is so rediculously low !
 For the price these are great headphones . I use them for recording and listening to music . They are great for reference.A + + + .
 I needed a data logger to monitor the fridge temperature in my restaurant and this low-cost unit seemed the best choice . Software is supplied with unit which is great.Installation on Windows 7 was straightforward . After plugging in the data logger you use the software to set the data logger up . This is easy to do using the software which follows a wizard based format . You then leave the data logger where you want it to pick up the temperature -LRB- in my case the fridge -RRB- and the use the software to download the data a few days later . It shows you a graph of the temperature over the time the data loggers been in the fridge - fortunately mine seems to be working correctly!So far I 've been using for 2 months and had no problems . Would recommend this to anyone with a similar requirement .
 We have used this item for about 3 weeks to monitor temps where medications are stored . It is simple easy to use
 Wonderful , easy-to-use , a big hit in the classroom . A great way to have students collect and analyze their own data !
 Worked exactly what I ordered it for . The software could have been a little better , but it got the job done .
 I am amazed at the simplicity of set up as well as the accuracy of this little Temp Data Logger . I will buy several more for other areas that need to be monitored .
 This data logger could have missed the attention of a whole lot of people who actually need it . New parents should have one in the cot or in the child 's room to know how cold or warm the room is . Do you know ? Or when you are keeping food in the freezer and you need to be sure that it is at the prescribed temperature . Or how about wanting to know if your DIY project makes a difference to the attic temperature etc. . It is just great . Go get one , anyone .
 Este producto lo compre para mi hermana y sus investigaciones agr&iacute;colas hace m&aacute;s de un a & ntilde ; o y a&uacute;n funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n . ella lo usa con Windows 7 sin problemas . Saludos
 In Short , This is an SDHC card -LRB- secure digital high capacity -RRB- make sure your card reader , camera , palm or other electronic device supports SDHC because it is not backwards compatible with the classic SD format . Check your device 's documentation ; if you see no mention of SDHC get a 2 gig or smaller SD card . Hope that helps :-RRB- *** additional note *** this item does not support `` ReadyBoost '' in Vista . The read and write speeds are not fast enough .
 This is the type of stuff I love buying on Amazon!Great product , great price , and still working after a while!It does n't have to be name brand to work.It seems like just stamping the brands Sandisk or Kingston already accounts for half the price of their SD cards .
 I BOUGTH THIS CARD CAUSE IT WAS A CHEAP PRICE , AND IM GLAD THAT I BOUGTH IT CAUSE ITS A GREAT QUALITY CARD , IT WORKS PERFECTLY
 I did n't know that my Garmin 765T did n't support SDHC only HD cards so I use it with a USB adapter as a flash drive .
 Wow . I e-mailed them and they set me up with a replacement within a week . I take back what I said earlier -LRB- as follows -RRB- : It worked fine when I bought it , but I was mad from the beginning that the capacity is really 3.6 GB , 10 % lower than what it is advertised as . About six months after I bought it , it stopped working . When I put it into my camera , it says `` insert memory card '' -LRB- it worked before in the same camera -RRB- and when I tried using it in my computer , the computer saw that it was there -LRB- the SD Card drive popped up on the Computer folder -RRB- but I was n't able to open it -- if I clicked the icon it would say that it was n't there . If I held the card in all the way -LRB- rather than letting it spring partially back out as the drive is designed -RRB- it would work , which leads me to believe that the problem is a defective metal contact on the card itself . I felt confident when buying the product -LRB- at Target -RRB- because it had a `` lifetime warranty '' but their website tells me that I need to exchange it through the retailer . I ca n't find anything about it on Target 's website . I tried calling Dane-Elec but it went to a voicemail , odd for a corporation . I also e-mailed them ... guess I 'll see where that goes ... Look elsewhere to buy one with at least a more well-established return policy . I 'm NEVER buying one of these again.UPDATE
 I bought this for my new Casio EXLIM which fit perfectly and worked great ! I paid much less on here than I would have at walmart for the same exact product !
 This did not work for my camera . I did not know that I could not use a High Capacity card . So , it was a loss for me . I might use it to store photo 's on on my computer drive J . It came quick . It was a good price . I recommend you make sure you have the right memory card before answering a `` good deal ! ''
 I bought this projector because I need to show videos to large groups of people . I have it hooked up to a dvd player via the S-Video cable , and the picture is sharp . If you plan to watch videos with this projector , it will work nicely . It has 800x600 resolution , and as of right now , DVDs and standard TV are only 720x480 -LRB- so the resolution is more than enough -RRB- . If you want to display HDTV , this projector can process a 720p signal , but it will downconvert it to fit its 800x600 native resolution.It is not the brightest projector -LRB- the 1800 lumens is more like 1600 -RRB- , but it is more than adequate in a partially-lit room , even when on `` economy mode . '' In addition , when in economy mode , it is nearly silent . Because it is a DLP projector , you do see the occasional `` rainbow effect '' -LRB- basically brief flashes of rainbow colors when darting your eyes back and forth across the screen -RRB- . Previous to this purchase , I used a much more expensive projector , but because I use it for showing standard-resoltion DVD videos -LRB- i.e. , not HDTV -RRB- , this one works just as well . The bulb is between 250-300 depending on where you find it .
 We purchased this projector for our home theater and I can say we are very happy with it . Colors are crisp and the video quality is great . Could be a bit brighter but with low lights or the lights off , does n't matter . If you 're in need of a inexpensive projector that will last , order this one .
 I am happy I bought this item . It gives great performance all the time . It is extremely bright and runs smoothly . Additionally , you can hardly hear it running at all . One downside to this item however is the fact that it has a remote control but it does n't change the slides , you still have to manually move from one slide to the next .
 My good ol' Sony MDR-V6 's finally gave up the ghost , so I was in the market for a replacement . After comparing endless reviews and specs , I figured I 'd take an educated chance on these . -LRB- JVC for headphones ? Whodathunkit ? I began my search w/the usual suspects - Sennheiser , Koss , Sony etc. -RRB- . I strongly recommend these ! They have 50mm drivers -LRB- which helps in every way -RRB- and have a wide frequency response -LRB- 12-25k Hz . which is beyond the 20-20 audible spectrum - get an extra pair for your dog ! -RRB- . I was tempted to get the HAG77 's , but the only difference is that the frequency response is even wider -LRB- 10-25 ... get this extra pair if you have space alien friends ! -RRB- . Happy listening ! 8 - -RRB-
 I 'm not a true audiophile , but to my untutored ears these headphones sound pretty decent . Bass is rich , and they 're able to handle whatever volume my ears can tolerate without distortion . They 're quite comfortable and would probably fit just about everyone , unless maybe you have a particularly small head.I would n't describe the sound from these as spectacular , but you probably wo n't find anything spectacular in this price range . Overall , I 'm pleased with them .
 I have used Cirque Glidepoints for at least 10 years . Due to injuries I sustained to my right wrist and hand , I experience pain within 5 minutes of using a conventional mouse . The glidepoint technology has spared me from much of that pain . Over the years , I have purchased 5 glidepoints -LRB- I use one at home and one at the office -RRB- . Considering the amount of wear and tear I put them through -LRB- I am on the computer for 8 + hours a day at work and at least 2 hours a day at home -RRB- , I am quite happy with their durability .
 This thing is great . I ditched my mouse and got this about 4 weeks ago . In that time , the finger joint and wrist pain I had been experiencing has disappeared . Ergonomically , mice are bad for you . If you use one occasionally , not a big deal . But especially if you have carpal tunnel or tendonitis , or are developing symptoms , GET RID OF YOUR MOUSE . Personally , I spend a LOT of time on my computer , and this has made a big difference . I wish I had bought one a few years ago . I miss the precision of the mouse , but this thing does surprisingly well . And I definitely do n't miss the pain.The buttons have a medium-light , tactile click to them . I usually use the tapping gestures , though , because it twists my hands into strange positions to be pointing with one finger and clicking with my thumb.I ca n't comment on the durability , because I 've only had it for a few weeks , but the tapping seems to work fine . Every so often , it clicks when I do n't want it to , and sometimes the vertical scroll bar does n't activate . I think that 's common for this technology , though . I 'm still very glad I got this.Also , I wanted to mention that I deliberately picked this one over the model with the four programmable buttons along the left . First , I wanted all the `` mousing '' area I could get . This was a good choice , because I often hit the edges of the pad . It would be very annoying to have less area . Second , I do n't install drivers unless I absolutely have to . This thing runs fine without drivers , and I doubt that those four extra buttons would do anything without extra software . `` Keep it simple '' is good . The drivers add up , and before you know it , your system has 150 processes running in the background , and it 's slowed to a crawl !
 This is the third Smartcat touchpad I have purchased . I now have on my two home computers and my work computer . Love them . Black is good so it does not show staining etc. as it gets a great amount of use . Getting the settings in the software to your liking takes a small amount of patience as with any touchpad . Try faster speed of cursor movement etc. . In our situation , we do not allow sounds or tapping . Tapping can be annoying if you are hard handed like myself . I 'd rather double click a button than double tap the touchpad as I get false `` taps '' sometimes . I 'm used to the left button using my right thumb . Works great and helps my carpal tunnel problems not having to use the action of the mouse . Once in a while , the settings on the touch pad get `` lost temporarily '' and we believe it to be from static electricity . So once in a while we get no response or the settings seem flubbed . We just properly unplug from usb and plug in again and all is well . We like the 4 button version for cad program use . Enjoy .
 I could n't disagree more with the other reviewers ' assessments of the quality of build for the Cirque Smart Cat . I purchased two of these in the serial/PS2 version several years ago -LRB- for work and home -RRB- and they functioned perfectly for many years . I bought two more with the USB interface -LRB- to replace the older versions -RRB- and they too work perfectly . The doubletap feature works perfectly , as does the click and drag . I rarely use the buttons , but when needed they work smoothly and each can be independently programmed for left , center or right buttons . The Smart Cat is very robust - I 've never had a single hardware failure in something like twenty years of combined use -LRB- four Smart Cats in use for 5 plus years each -RRB- . The buttons have a tactile feel to them like the high quality $ 100 IBM keyboards from the 80s & 90s . The included software gives the user extensive control over mapping the buttons , double tap and tap & drag speed , and enables horizontal scroll . Vertical scroll is much , much faster and more precise than a mouse -LRB- I 'm comparing to the Logitech LX7 - an excellent mouse -RRB- . Resolution is indirectly programmable since it is directly affected by the pointer speed and acceleration settings and can be made as precise as any mouse . Comfort is extraordinary , no more carpal tunnel syndrome and muscle cramps . Each mouse comes with a wrist rest which is perfectly designed to rest the heel of your hand so there is no need to `` hang '' your hand as one reviewer wrote . I 'm thinking the other users simply did n't install the Smart Cat driver or did n't take just a minute to make the settings . In any event , I 'll never go back to a conventional mouse , but I do keep one handy for the few whiney lazy-minded people who occasionally use my computers .
 Easy to install and easy to program . Works on both XP and Win 7 systems . Much more comfortable for me to use than my ergo-mouse .
 Nothing more frustrating than installing software that comes with hardware that does not work . This Adesso Smart Cat touchpad came with Adesso software version 3.3 . After installing the OEM software , the Glidepoint software would not open on Windows XP w/SP3 . Went to Adesso 's website and downloaded an installed version 3.8 and it works fine . After a few installs and uninstalls , the device seems to be working fine . Will chime back after using it for awhile .
 I had one before . It 's good enough . Why do I have to write so much ? Wo n't do any more now because cant do short and sweet .
 Works with Window 7 , does what a touchpad should do and is easy to program .
 30 years of mousing has ruined both hands . Pain every time I touch the mouse . This Touchpad lets me use the Desktop computer pain free . It 's so good that I 'm ordering a second one so as to have a larger touchpad surface on the laptop .
 IMHO , this is the BEST pointing device ever made . I even tried trackballs and found that nothing but the Cirques give such precise control . I have several computers and Cirques , including one that has a lifetime warranty ; it was replaced once by Cirque at no cost . I have been using Cirques for probably close to 15 years and would never go back to a plain mouse .
 The comfort is good , but it would be nice to have an adjustible stand at the bottom similar to the Browser Cat.Construction seems to be solid and unit is very easy to use . It has several programming features.I particularly like the larger pad area .
 Okay , so this touchpad might not be made out of the finest material known to man , but it does the job a touchpad should do . I like the fact that it has a spacious touch area -LRB- approximately 3 x 2 inches -LSB- W x H -RSB- -RRB- and can be stationary so it does n't take up too much space on your desk . At first , I bought this pad because of the 4 buttons that can be programmable . I browse quite frequently on the Internet and thought if I could program one of the buttons to perform a ` Back ' function , then I was good to go . The only problem is that it does n't offer this feature and that the left and right buttons ca n't be programmed individually . I was relieved though , when I read the instruction manual -LRB- Duh -RRB- and learned that you can do a ` Back ' and ` Forward ' function by swiping on the very top of the pad -LRB- Yay -RRB- , it takes a little getting use to though . I really do n't use any of the buttons much , so it 's really not that big a deal to me . Scrolling is not too bad , though it lacks hyper scrolling which I love about my Logitech Mouse . I just use the scroll lock feature which is the default for the left and right buttons . On the high end , very basic touchpad with basic controls and ease of use , and on the low end , yeah , it might be a little over-priced . Overall , this touchpad gets an B + from me . I do n't like anything wired on my desk , so if they ever make a wireless version of this touchpad , it 's a done deal ... I 'm getting mine !
 Have it a month and works well . Has helped my carpal tunnel tremendously . MOre natural than using a mouse . Harder to use if you are doing autocad drawings than a mouse . I actually leave both my mouse and touchpad plugged in . I use the pad 97 % of the time . I highly recommend it .
 This is the best touchpad I have ever used . It is so functional , allowing a great deal of surfing without ever touching the keyboard . It is way overpriced , however , and should be half the current price .
 just what I was looking for . I have nerve damage and cant use a mouse . works great . I would recomend it .
 Excellent sound quality
 I am amazed at the performance & long range of this unit . . It transmits a perfect stereo signal throughout my home and property with ease . I once had it on & drove away to go to the store and I was still listening to my music library approx . 1/2 a mile away and it sounded perfect . . I use it everyday & have for the last 4 years and its been flawless ! I love this thing . If you buy one , you will as well !
 This is my third FM transmitter in 10 years . The first was a cheaper Ramsey , the second some other preassembled digital , and finally , this . The transmitter is digital , transmits a clear , quiet signal , and the high frequencies are transmitted cleanly . There is no discernable ` scratching or hissing ' under the sound . The controls and the display are just right for this product.It is critical that you or someone you know has knowledge of thru-hole electronics assembly . And at least a 25 watt -LRB- preferably temperature controlled -RRB- soldering station . It is probably 8 hours of work to assemble and setup the FM transmitter - and it is worth the work . The instructions walk one carefully step-by-step through the construction process . If you take your time and do n't get ahead of the instructions , everything fits together fine . At the end of the construction , the transmitter came right up and worked exactly like stated in the manual.If the whole kit thing is n't your idea of fun , Ramsey sells this assembled and ready to go as well .
 I bought this for my 4-year-old son . He 's a car nut , and his Crayola mouse died , so I browsed Amazon with him and let him pick a replacement . He was thrilled to find a mouse that was not only a car , but also in yellow -LRB- his favorite color -RRB- ! It 's fairly high resolution -LRB- 600 dpi , I believe -RRB- and is actually very comfortable to hold . The headlights , taillights , and scroll wheel all glow with a whitish blue.We did have an incident where his 2-yr-old brother tried to pull the cord out of the casing of the unit , but I secured the cord tightly with a dab of epoxy .
 I really like this scanner due to the EASY programming of the channels you want . It also displays the time of day when off . I am going to purchase another one today for another location in the house !
 This product has done wonders for me . It has help me in many ways . I use it all the tme . I would suggest this product to everyone . I love this product s much I charge my friends tolet them use it . GREAT FO EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE . I WOULD SUGGEST YOU BUY THIS PRDUCT NOW ! SO STOP READING AND BUY IT NOW .
 While comparing items in the store where I eventually purchased these binoculars , I noticed two things that immediately set these pair from the rest . The `` InstaFocus '' one-finger focus was excellent and dead on . Also the ability to track moving objects far exceeded a pair of Tasco 's I demoed . The Falcons seem to stay in focus , without needing adjustment , for considerably varying distances.I used the binoculars at a racetrack and professional football game -LRB- not having the BEST seats -RRB- and could easily make out names , etc. . Great clarity , decent power , excellent focus make these a great purchase .
 There is really no need to get binoculars that cost 5 times -LRB- or more -RRB- for casual use . These work just fine and I 've owned one for a couple of years . If you get any higher magnification than 10X , they are difficult to handhold - so 7X is really the sweet spot as far as magnification goes . The other number refers to the exit aperture -LRB- bigger the number - more light gets into the binocular -RRB- . These also work quite well in darker situations - letting in plenty of light and giving you a bright image . I 've noted small differences when compared with an Olympus that cost about 8 times more - but really , for their price , these ca n't be beat . . The lenses are also coated and combined with a prism system -LRB- instead of mirrors -RRB- , makes for sharper images.Only con is that this type of binocular is not pocket sized . However , its pretty comfortable to carry on your neck -LRB- neckstrap -RRB- For the reviewer who claimed that these were worse than toy plastic binoculars - well - just one word comes to my mind `` clueless '' . They either had sphagetti on their lenses or were looking at birds through the wrong end of the binocular ...
 We have ordered 15 pair of these at different times because we use them to give away to disadvantaged groups , where teachers need a binocular set for night observing that is decent but not expensive to replace -LRB- we send or take binoculars overseas -RRB- . We also use the same set at home for demonstrations and binocular observing . Every pair we have had has been the same , which means the quality assurance is very good . Optically , for the price , these binoculars are well above average . The view is clear , right diopter adjustment works easily , the instant focus is smooth and quick to operate . Amazon 's price was a little better than anyone else .
 I find the fast focus on this item to be very useful . Product is not like the old days but at the price I paid it was a bargain . It 's just what I wanted , and I 'm quite pleased .
 This is my second pair in the last year , one for my wife , and then me , my old ones are the same style and brand , but just a lot older , so I wanted to replace them.What can I say except , for the price , you get a pretty good pair of binoculars , and these , they 're rubber-coated , so it makes them all the more nicer.I use these to help me spot what I will photograph next , spotting a bird that I am unsure of , that kind ' a thing.This does n't take the place of a spotting scope , but it 's perfect from what I need them for , and it 's a lot more easier to carry than a scope would be.The optics are bright and clear , and at this magnification they do n't shake like the higher powered ones do , not knocking those , but that 's a whole ` nother animal , at least for me.I love these things , I 'd highly recommends them to anyone that does n't need a high dollar pair , and really , these should be double what they cost , they 're that good .
 I was looking for inexpensive , but functional , binoculars to use with school groups in outdoor settings . These binoculars are WAY better than I expected for the price . The optics are crisp and the binoculars are easy to focus with the rocker-type focus -LRB- easier for kids than a dial that has to be turned -RRB- . They are relatively small and lightweight -LRB- given the power -RRB- . To be nit-picky , the only minor disadvantage is that they have lens caps that do not have straps to hold them to the binoculars , but that 's the case with most of the binoculars that I have already . So ... I 'll set aside the caps and not worry about taking them into the field . The neck strap is a basic , narrow webbed strap , although the strap on the case is wider and potentially more comfortable for extended carrying .
 These binoculars work great for me watching birds.the fast focus is great.Really fine detail.would recommend these for anyone.the case is very nice.The neck strap is so comfortable .
 This binocular is really nice . Sharp , easy to focus but , best of all , very bright image . I gambled on the junk Vivitar 7x50s for slightly less and they were a joke -- hard to focus , very dark image . So I bought this bushnell for barely a ten spot more money . Wow , very bright image , focus dead on and easy . As others have said , this is all the binocular a casual user will need . My wife 's 10x25 Nikon for twice the price -LRB- also on Amazon -RRB- are very nice and light weight especially if you need more power . But these Bushnell 's are the best value for sure . Bright and clear .
 work great for out at the shooting range for spotters to see targets . Super easy to adjust focus . Does n't require turning a knob , has a lever you can push down either way to adjust
 These are a Great binocular . Very easy Focus and light . The magnification is perfect . I use them for surveillance work . Great price . I would highly recommend them .
 This is an affordable and functional pair of binoculars . They are n't the best but will work for most everyday usesThey are very reliable . I have no complaints
 These work fine for inexpensive binoculars . Nice clear image , easy to adjust/focus . I hang them on the front deck to watch wildlife . Worth the price .
 I had an old pair of these -LRB- like 30 years old -RRB- that I lost so I ordered these as replacement . I think the quality of the optics is even better . You may not be able to impress anyone with the price but I use these as the primary binocs for birdwatching despite having a very expensive pair of Nikons . They are of porro prism design which is slightly less bright that roof prism design of the same size but I do not have a problem even in dim light with these . These have a fairly wide field of view which makes it easier to find and track moving objects . The only thing I would say is not as good as my original pair is the focusing mechanism which seems to have more play or hysteresis than my first pair but I do like the rocking focus bar as a overall design .
 The magnification is appropriate for the size of the aperture . Picture is clear , sharp , and stable . Lets lots of light in , and the weight of the binoculars helps you hold it steady . I like the one touch focus much easier to use than dials . Highly recommended for the price .
 bought these to take to an NFL game and they work great ! reasonable price and they even came with a case .
 Great binoculars . Light weight . I bought these to see wild life in my backyard , and they are great . Easy to focus . I love these .
 When I opened the package these looked really great . And they were ... . Until I tried them . These binoculars did not work for me . My interpupilary span is small , which means my eyes are close together . I could n't get the Eyepieces close enough to were I could see only one circle . I saw two of everything . My eye span is a little less than 2-1/2 inches . This is something to take into consideration before buying these . I sent these back and will be getting a different pair , but these seemed clear and durable , although I did n't have them very long . Just a heads up .
 Good packaging , awesome for sightseeing . Has a case and covers , which adds to the protection and care of these binoculars .
 Our granddaughter was overwhelmed with the Bushnell 7x 35 . binoculars . My son was impressed with the clarity of images and easy to use features . My wife and I are pleased with your prompt delivery of items we have purchased from Amazon during these holidays . In addition , your prices are reasonable . Be assured that we will be using your service in the future . Thank you Amazon
 Can not beat the quality for the price . I 'm new to birding and these went with me to the coast . Getting another pair to have around for a guest .
 We live on a lake in Florida and have lots of wildlife . I bought the binoculars for my husband for Christmas . He had been using some very old binoculars that were heavy and not easily focused . These are great . There 's like a toggle to focus so it 's very easy . And they 're pretty light so you can hold them up to watch a ` gator or a heron for some time . I was pleasantly surprised at the cost versus quality which is great . I 'm thinking of buying a second pair so I can enjoy them as well .
 We are happy with this purchase , but ten words are a minimum requirement to submit this form and I have nothing more to say .
 she loves it , but we know nothing about binoculars . It works well and is really clear though . She lives on a balcony overlooking the water and likes to watch the boats passing .
 I gave these as a gift for a child and adult and they loved them . Now I have to get a pair for my Grandson . Great value .
 These are wonderful . They are easy to use and allow for precise viewing of objects . They feel and look like they are high quality - there is a nice , but not burdensome , heft to these . I know my father will enjoy them for years to come - great Christmas gift !
 Was not sure how these would be when I received them . For the price they are very nice the vision is clear , crisp , and they are lightweight . Excellent binoculars for the price I would recommend them to anyone .
 These binoculars are perfect for birding as they are quickly focused before you miss the bird and very clear . Highly recommended .
 Excellent for the price and these meet my needs for birdwatching in the yard and overall local outings - would recommend them .
 When I ordered these binoculars I was a little skeptical . Being that they were not as expensive as some others I was worried they might not be good quality but when they arrived and I tried them out I soon realized that they were indeed a good binocular and the quality was very good . I am so glad I ordered these . They will be used on many family vacations and bird watching in my yard . They are not heavy and easy to focus . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 I bought this for binocular for those occassional trips to the national parks . I did not want something too expensive , -LRB- as it would be for occasional trips -RRB- or too cheap -LRB- wanted something with a decent magnification for widlife watching -RRB- . This is a decent size binocular . Easy to focus , thanks to the instafocus . It produces very bright and clear images , and the 7X zoom also works well for bird watching etc. . Tried looking at some birds on trees in the neighbourhood . It comes with a pouch , 4 lens caps , a soft cloth for cleaning the lens and 2 shoulder straps , one for the binocular and the other for the pouch . It has a very solid , well made feel and the entire outer body is covered in rubber for better grip and protection . Overall , a very good product well worth the price .
 There are bluebirds in the yard now since I put up a bluebird house . I needed the binoculars to check them out . I really like the Bushnell Insta-Focus binoculars . They are easy to use . Very easy to focus ! Love it !
 I purchased these based on the reviews . I sometimes sit in my backyard and watch air planes , birds , squirrels ... and the view on these binoculars are remarkable .
 Purchased this 7x35 for viewing wildlife & birds outside my office window , at the feeder.Simple to use & ideal for the novice . Comes w / lens 4 lens caps , strap , cover .
 For the price , these binoculars are great . As long as you take the quick minute to fine tune it to yourself , it offers crystal clear picture . The last pair I had were big and bulky , and while this model will not fit in the average pocket , there will be no issue carrying these while hiking . If you are a modest hiker or bird watcher , I see no reason why this model is not for you .
 I got this for my husband to watch the wildlife in our back yard . He loves it . He can see were they travel and build their nest , and take care of their young . Just the thing he needed since retiring .
 I just wanted a pair to play around with while hiking and whatnot . Very satisfied , nicest pair I 've owned . I thought they would be a cheap pair since they were ... cheap . But they are pretty heavy duty and see clearly far enough away for my taste .
 These binoculars are a great value . They 're perfect for backyard bird watchers . The eye pieces are really comfortable , they 're easy to focus and the clarity is awesome ! Amazon shipped them so fast ! I ordered them Tuesday afternoon and recieved them Wednesday morning !
 Have n't tried them yet but they are much nicer then my old pair . The size is much better for taking with you . My old pair was huge .
 This one worked for our safari in Kenya , Africa for the most part . We were able to see most animals with good clarity . The cheetah was pretty far out and there was a moment I wished I had something a little stronger .
 This is just the pair I have been looking for . Love to look at wildlife & they bring everything so close & clear . The price is right , too!I will be taking them on our family vacation to Mt. Rushmore next month -- ca n't wait !
 Not overly priced and they are outstanding . Comes with case and everything . Very handy to have with you . You wo n't regret buying them
 I bought these for a cruise to Mexico and excursions . They work great but I saw so many things that were cool and worth taking pictures of , that I usually had my camera out instead . I look forward to using these at a concert or play when I remember to pop them in my bag.They magnify more than I expected for how cheap they are ! Great quality and very durable .
 I just ordered these on 2/24 and have just recieved them today , 2/25 . Excellent delivery schedule . I tried them out , and love them ... very good buy , and excellent seller . Patty ~
 Those are the best binoculars I ever had . I just love it . They are like the picture , and eventhough they are not enough small for a woman purse , the weight is perfect . I bought it for watch a tennis match and it was really useful for me . I really enjoyed it !
 I am an amateur birdwatcher , and bought these binoculars for that purpose . They are great , just what I needed . I was amazed to get such a good product for the price . I highly recommend .
 These are great binoculars at a great price . I really like the rocker vs the knob for focus adjust . I would reccomend these binoculars to anyone who needs a pair for everyday use , but the reasonable price makes them a great buy for the casual user also .
 I bought these to carry with us in our travel trailer because they were inexpensive and from a manufacturer with a name I knew . My wife and I love them ! They were easy to set up and the instructions clearly tell how to use the diopter to get perfect vision , even though I wear prescription glasses and one eye is slightly weaker than the other . We especially like the quick focus feature where you use a simple toggle lever adjustment in lieue of a dial in the center or the binoculars to focus the scene . They have a nice carrying case to protect them from scratches too.I would definitely recommend them to a friend and we might even get a second pair for the travel trailer .
 For the price , these bino 's are great . The are small , but not so small that every movement you make gets transferred to the optics making them very hard to use . The rocker focus mechanism is super easy to use , and I can not image using bino 's without it anymore . They have a very large diameter optic , so everything is very bright , clear and sharp . Very important if you plan on using them indoors , at night or on a cloudy day at the stadium . It comes with front and back caps , and a nice soft case to protect them . For $ 25.00 or so , I do n't see how you can beat them . I highly recommend them . Just my .02
 other reviews I read were encouraging . additional research led me to this item . as it turned out this is the perfect magnifing agent to view anything within the immediate vicinity . we used it on our vacation in the Galvaston , TX area . it brought subjects clearly up close . very handy item to have .
 These binoculars work so incredibly well for birdwatching . The focus tool is so easy to use , compared to others that I have used in the past . They are the perfect size as well and have a wonderful strap to wear around your neck and come in a very nice case . Awesome purchase !
 Bought these as a gift for my parents and they really like them . They are not high end but work extremely well . We bring the out on the boat and pass them around . Everyone comments on how clear the view is . Great for the price !
 Just recently our original binoculars were taken from our property and we did n't think we could replace them , until we found these on Amazon . One of the features we like is the paddle on top to help focus , which it does very well . They are very light also . It helps us to find our birds quickly . We are thinking of another pair for our vehicle , so both my husband and I can have our own to watch for birds . Thank you .
 I wanted these for back porch bird watching and they do the trick . They are not heavy and the object is nice , bright and clear , which is what I wanted . The price ca n't be beat , so how can I complain ?
 These replaced some 10X50 Jason binoculars that had been stolen -LRB- house break-in -RRB- . The 10X50s were almost too powerfull for what we need so these are just right . Ca n't wait to take them on vacation . The Busnell name is a factor , too .
 Debo confesar que es la primera vez que compro un par de binoculares de este tipo . He quedado altamente complacida por la buena resoluci&oacute;n que tienen cuando enfoco a una distancia mayor a 1000mts de distancia . Los recomiendo altamente si lo que quiere es un par de binoculares para uso amateur . Algo m&aacute;s complicado por supuesto que tendrias que pagar mucho m&aacute;s.Para pasar un buen rato observando el horizonte y los grandes paisajes , funcionan muy bien !!
 I have a pair of Sony MDR-V700s , which my brother broke , and I needed a new pair . So , after trying the Koss QZ-99 Noise Reduction Headphones , I bought these JVCs . As for sound , they are really great . Not near audiophile status , but the bass REALLY thumps ! How can it not with 50mm driver . They sound almost BETTER than my Sony 's -LRB- when my Sony 's worked =] -RRB- . However , words can not describe how flimsy these headphones are . I 'm a high school student , and I might as well break them now and save the disappointment I 'm going to get when they break in my book bag because its inevitable . That 's why they lose a star .
 I do n't know of any other headphones of this quality for under $ 100 . Any time I 'm in need of some quality headphones , I always grab these . the 11-foot cord takes portability to a whole new level . Very comfy . I have them on right now , and they 've been on for about 5 hours w/o pain.My only negative comment is that sound leaks out to the public pretty badly , so I would n't recommend this in a library or an airplane . But anywhere else is great !
 I owned these headphones for several years before they were destroyed by our dog . My ONLY complaint was the rubber coating on the earpads . It started wearing off after only being used for a month . Once I pealed the rest of it off they were actually more comfortable than they were with the rubber coating . Underneath was a neat and smooth black cotton pad that was very durable for the years that I had them.The cord supplied was VERY long , sometimes too long . The long cord allowed free movement while wearing the headphones.Great for use with a computer or stereo that is not battery operated as they draw a LOT of power .
 Contrary to the other reviews , I did n't have any problems with these headphones . I had them hooked up in a few minutes , it was very simple . The only thing to wait for is the batteries to charge . I walked around the house and outside without any problems and was outside before I had a little distortion , but nothing too major . I wear a size 7 and 3 quarters baseball hat and had no trouble with these fitting my huge head . They are adjustable to somebody much smaller and also much larger than myself . I do think this is a great product considering JVC website has them for 130 bucks and I bought them on Ebay for 18 bucks new in the box . I will be buying these for my friends and family for Christmas , an excellent product .
 I 've had this radio for about a year now -LRB- ever since it came out -RRB- . I was initially attracted to it because of the faster scan speed and the ability to monitor both regular and `` trunked '' frequencies.Trunked frequencies are being adopted by more states and towns . What this technology does is share a common set of frequencies among all the users . A computer controls the switching and usage of the channels . So perhaps only 5 frequencies might be used to power an entire city.Not all scanners can receive trunked radio systems -LRB- the 780 does receive almost all of them with the exception of those that are digital -RRB- . Anyhow , here are my loves and hates for this radio : LOVE :1 . Alphanumeric display
 Given that this is my first scanner , some of my enthusiasm for its features and ease-of-use might simply be naivete . On the other hand , having a fairly deep technical background , I think my appreciation of this unit 's abilities and organization are mostly based on Uniden 's exceptional design . Over and over I find that this unit operates just as I 'd like it to , showing that it 's the clear result of several generations of refined scanner design.The BC-780XLT provides both traditional frequency scanning , as well as trunk-tracking . Traditional scanning lets you program frequencies into memory banks , and then scan through them looking for active signals . You can also search ranges by programming the low and high endpoints , and having the scanner search between them for active frequencies . With 10 banks of 50 frequencies each , the BC-780XLT provides reasonable room for even the most crowded airwaves . -LRB- And , as discussed further below , the ability to upload and download the scanner from a computer extends this ability significantly . -RRB- Individual banks can be turned on and off , and individual channels can be explicitly locked out , allowing you to finely tailor your scan.Where this unit differs from traditional scanners is in its ability to track trunked systems . In such systems a small set of frequencies is shared by many different organizations -LRB- e.g. , police , fire , public works -RRB- , and rather than assigning fixed frequencies to specific units , the frequencies are assigned dynamically as needed . The result is that a single conversation may hop between frequencies as it progresses . Tracking this with a traditional scanner is nearly impossible , as a single frequency will play host to parts of different conversations , and a single conversation is strewn across multiple frequencies . The trunk-tracking scanner is able to use the information on the system 's control channel to follow the conversation , just like the radios of the participants . The result is that you follow a single conversation , rather than just a single frequency.Uniden offers several models of trunk-tracking scanner , including the lower-priced 895 , and the handheld 245 . The 895 is limited to tracking either trunked systems or traditional frequencies at any one time . The 780 -LRB- and 245 -RRB- , on the other hand , can intermingle trunk and regular frequencies within a single memory bank , and be set to scan through both of them , or between banks which contain any combination of trunked and standard frequencies.For me , where the 780 really excels is in its alphanumeric display . In addition to having an alpha tag for each channel , you are able to set up scan lists of talk group IDs . Talk group IDs represent a logical channel -LRB- rather than a single frequency -RRB- , such as the police department 's dispatch channels -LRB- `` Dispatch 1 '' `` Dispatch 2 '' -RRB- . When following a trunked system , the scanner tracks talk groups , rather than individual frequencies , and the labeling will show you an alpha tag for the talk group -LRB- e.g. , `` Tactical 1 '' -RRB- , rather than just he Motorola or EDACS ID number . This makes it much easier to know who you 're listening to.Public trunked systems are well documented -LRB- either on the Web , or in publications such as `` Police Call '' -RRB- , but for those that simply appear out of thin air -LRB- you might stumble on a system 's control channel while searching frequency ranges , for example -RRB- , the 780 will also help you find the full set of frequencies . Once you have found the control channel in a Motorola system , you can use a `` control channel only '' mode to ferret out the rest of the system 's frequencies.The 780 has a serial port through which the unit can be programmed or driven by computer . There are numerous software packages for accomplishing this , available through the many on-line 780 discussion groups and websites . It 's a good thing , too , as 500 channels , plus 10 trunk scan lists of 100 group IDs each -LRB- 1000 total -RRB- would be nearly impossible to program through the scanner 's front console . By keeping separate frequency files on your computer , you can easily download different sets of parameters -LRB- i.e. , should you have more than 500 frequencies you want to keep track of -RRB- . The front console and menu system are reasonably easy to understand , given the complex function available in this receiver . A novice user can get up and running with traditional frequency scanning very quickly , and the unit come with introductory frequency guides . Getting a trunked system programmed is a bit more work , but still not too complicated . The manual has most of the operational detail you 'll need , though it 's not always well organized as a reference -LRB- e.g. , items mentioned in passing in one section may not be repeated elsewhere where you might go looking for it -RRB- . The manual also contains a few mistakes . The numerous on-line discussion groups can help out if you get stuck.The reception with the included whip antenna is excellent in dense , urban areas . Where stations are weaker , obviously , an external antenna will be needed . The sound quality out of the bottom firing speaker is very listenable , though an external speaker -LRB- for which a connection is included -RRB- would improve the audio quality . The unit comes with both a wall-wart 120v adapter , as well as power cords for connection to a car battery and a car 's cigarette lighter . Reports of mobile usage have been very positive.Overall this has been a great purchase . I picked the 780 over the 895 primarily for the 780 's sophisticated alpha tagging system , and secondarily for its ability to track trunked and non-trunked systems at the same time . Both features have turned out to be essential to my enjoyment . I 'm looking forward to having these features in Uniden 's new handheld -LRB- BC-250D -RRB- !
 I was rather surprised these turned out as well as they did . They look great . My only complaint is they are n't necessarily guaranteed to construct properly . One of mine ended up being off centered , top piece did n't line up right with the bottom , so it looks crooked . Sort of really disappointed with this because it 's the only reason I bothered buying these - my home made speaker oak stands that I am quite proud of how great they came out looking had one major flaw for both
 Works well with my Polk RTI A3 Speakers . I added some blu tac to the speaker to attach to the stand and it works very well . I 'm using the carpet spikes and they keep the stand sturdy .
 I picked these up to use with my monitor 30 bookshelf speakers , which are 9 lbs . and about 7 `` W x 8 `` D . The size is perfect , however I do wish the top plate was just a little larger considering the size of my speakers , but it 's not that a big deal . They sit fine and as long as they 're not in a bad location , you should n't have to worry about them getting knocked over . The base is plenty big and sturdy to stay upright . Assembly was easy , everything fit together perfectly . The back piece to hide your speaker cable may give some people problems but really , it 's not hard at all . Just insert one side first and then fold the top corner over into the other side and work your way down . My only issue is that the height was acutally a little less than the advertised 30 '' . More like 281/2 - 29 which was ok with me , but if I had smaller speakers , like satellites , I 'd probably want the 36 '' high stands .
 These speaker stands exceeded my expectations . Only took about 15 minutes to assemble . I bought these for my Polk Audio Monitor 30 's . They each weigh 16 lbs and these stands do n't wobble at all . I have them on carpet using the adjustable carpet spikes . Very solid speaker stands that look great , and do n't break the bank . I bought some museum wax to help anchor them in place , as someone suggested , but was not needed . If you have been shopping around for some solid speaker stands . Look no further . These are a great buy , and you will not be disappointed !
 Purchased to hold BIC America Venturi DV62si speakers and the NF 30 do the job . Very stable and just the right height to listen to music sitting on my couch . Not too high or too low . Assembly was easy . Nice looking , classic style , black is not shiny glossy , and they have a large base which is important for stability . Can be used on different types of flooring .
 These stands are very good . They are a bit small for the speakers I put on them but I knew that before buying them so I ca n't take that away in a review . The only concern I have with these is that one of the stands when put together is not completely square and it is noticeable . I do n't think my wife knows or many other people since they do n't build stuff like I do and have an eye for it . However I know that it is off and it bugs me so that is the reason for the four stars on construction and appearance . The actual build quality is very sturdy . I do n't worry about these getting knocked down . I have bumped into them multiple times and they do n't budge . The wire control system on the back is n't necessary but I have one of the plastic things on just to keep the wires in line not to hide them . I would definitely buy these again especially if I knew that I just got a bad stand that isnt the usual .
 I 've bought Sanus products in the past and have always been happy with them . These NF stands have a great finish , much better than some other stands from other manufacturers . The only small gripe I have is with the drilled hole on the top base.I 'm using 12 gauge wiring for my surround speakers , and if the pre-drilled hole were about 1/8 '' wider in diameter , it would 've been a perfect fit . As it stands , I 'll have to bore out a new hole to finish off the installation , but that 's a pretty minor issue.I 'm not a huge fan of the wiring concealment , as it seems a channel could 've easily been milled into the length of the speaker stands themselves . Overall though , one of the better sets of speakers stands I 've owned , and will definitely be getting another set for the setup in my bedroom .
 most of the other reviews for the sanus natural foundation series are pretty spot on . visually , these stands are very clean looking , do the job well , and do n't seem like they 'd fall over unless pushed pretty hard -LRB- they 're currently propping up my polk monitor 30 's that are about 9lbs each i think -RRB- . the minor complaints i have are similar to those noted by others . first , the hiding of the wires -- you receive two bendable plastic panes that slide into pre-cut grooves in the back of the column for each stand . this is the wire is snaked through to hide it from being seen . its a bit of a pain to install , but it does hide the cable . i 'd recommend actually bending the plastic pieces first before installing so it 's easier to slide one side in , then tuck/snap the other side into the opposite groove . i noticed on one column as i was tucking the plastic in it chipped the finish on the edge of the groove , but its not that big of a deal . a black sharpie can probably hide that . the second thing is just the general logic of the installation , like the plastic feet that you screw in the bottom of the base . it just seems easier to put those in first , then install the base and top plate onto the column than doing the plates first , and flipping the whole thing over just to install some feet . in spite of these small details and the fact that one of the boxes had a wrong sized screw included , these stands do the job and are priced pretty well . i should note that i called sanus to tell them that there was a hardware mix-up and they were more-than-willing to assist me in identifying the piece missing and sending me a new one even though i could have easily just gone to home depot and found it . so +1 for customer service .
 I 'm satisfied with this product , especially considering the great price compared to other speaker stands . Parts are finished in a black smooth finish and look good . Although they 're not quite a work of art such as the very expensive stands.Perhaps I 'm more mechanically inclined than others , but I did n't have any trouble with the wire covers as many other reviewers complain about .
 Theses speaker stands were very easy to put together and setup . The materials are good quality and solid . Once setup they are very stable and the floor spikes were very helpful with thick carpeting and isolating speaker vibrations . I am currently using these with the JBL Northridge bookshelf speakers , but hope to using the HB-1 MK2 soon .
 These stands are stylish , practical and sturdy . The wire management system works perfctly , even for heavier gauge wires and the price cant be beat for the quality .
 These speaker stands look great and were easy to assemble . They are also sturdy for their size . I have some 51/4 in bookshelf speakers on them right now and they 're about the perfect size for these stands . I 'd be hesitant to go much larger than that . One negative is that the plastic panels that are used to hide the wires behind the post are hard to install since you have to bend them about 180deg and push the edges in some grooves . The other negative is that the carpet spikes that came with the stands are fairly small and do n't go through my carpet and padding all the way . Overall I ca n't complain too much since they were priced so well , so I 'm satisfied with this purchase .
 Very nice stands , however they are not 30 '' .28 3/4 with the 3/4 inch feet installed.somewhat dissappointinghowever not a deal breaker , also have a black plastic strips to hide speaker wireon back of stands that people complain are hard to install.only took a few minutes : -RRB-
 When the box arrived at my home , it looked a little beat up but everything inside was great , no dings or scratches . As I unpacked the contents , I noticed that the stands came with another set of top plates for the speakers . These speaker top plates are retangular and cover the bottom of my speakers more . The only problem is that the retangular top plate has three 1/2 inch recessed holes at each corner of the plate with nothing to put in them to balance your speakers . I opted to use the square top plates with the provided spikes and that worked fine.The assembly was a breeze and the wire management cover was easy to install . Tip
 Great stands they feel solid great price worth every penny my polk audio speakers look great with these stands the top base could be a hair longer and wider other than that I recommend these stands hides the speaker wires too .
 I had been looking for some good speaker stands for my Polk Audio Tsi 200 's and could n't find many stands that were strong enough to support them . I decided to get this set but I had no idea how amazing they would actually be . The stand itself is a matte black and very sturdy on carpet -LRB- comes with spikes -RRB- . The packaging was completely destroyed by the time it reached me , but I was n't missing any parts . I used a drill to help with the assembly and it took about 10-15 minutes to get them all set up . I strongly recommend using some quakehold museum wax to keep the speakers firmly attached to these stands . Overall , an attractive , strong , set that exceeded all expectations .
 I was very pleased with this product . The purchase comes with two stands . The stands were easy to assemble . The stands are pressboard wood . They are solid and the paint on them has n't chipped or flaked , except for one place ... read on to find out . I have fairly large speakers and the stands support them well.The only thing I did n't like very much was the way the wire cover was implemented on the back of the stand . You get two pieces of flat , semi-flexible plastic that you insert into two slots cut on the back of the stand . You have to bend the plastic into a half pipe and then slide them down the base of the stand while keeping the plastic half pipe in the slot . It took a couple of tries to get the plastic pieces to bend and then slide into the slots that retain them . I nicked the top of the wood at the top and it chipped a bit of the paint off . However , once I figured it out and got them in it looks pretty good.Effective and attractive .
 Overall , these stands are very decent quality , especially given the $ 50 price I paid -LRB- not including shipping -RRB- . With the option of spikes or pads for the top and bottom plates , it gives you options for all types of speakers and locations . I 'm using the carpet spikes on the bottom and neoprene pads on top with my Yamaha NS-333 's which are being used for satellite duty . These speakers are on the heavy side -LRB- > 12lbs -RRB- so traditional smaller satellite stands will not work . While not rock-solid stable , these stands work well enough for my `` out-of-the-way '' corner locations . They can take a light bump , but would n't hold up to a small child grabbing hold and yanking -LRB- or an overly excited labrador -RRB- . With my older carpet and padding , the stands sit up on the spikes quite a bit , even at the lowest settings . They are however adjustable , so if anyone complaints about the overall height on carpet , please try adjusting your spikes -LRB- or replacing your carpet -RRB- . In case anyone was still wondering , there are two stands in the package . I received all parts listed in the instructions , though the blister pack that contained them had been opened and resealed with tape . Most likely there was an early quality control issue with parts being left out and this was corrected in the factory before being shipped to distributors.The instructions are useless as it consists only of illustrations with no written instructions , but this is not rocket science . The screws all fit without splitting or excessive effort , which might have been another factory correction as I 've heard other complain of splitting smaller holes . As others have stated , the most difficult part is installing the wire channel . The illustrations indicate bending the `` film '' for the channel and inserting both sides into the slits in the back of the stand . This is impossible , but there is an obvious that the way it needs to be done . Simply , leave the top unattached and slide the bottom edge of the film into the channel from the top and move it down slowly . I took my time and bent the film into the approximate shape and slid it down about 2-3 '' , then I used one palm to keep pressure on the already inserted part -LRB- to keep it in the track -RRB- while using my other hand to squeeze and slide the rest of the film in 1-2 '' movements . I did not have any issues using this technique and highly recommend using pressure on the already inserted piece , because the finish on the back could be damaged if the film were to slip out . The pieces of film get very hard to install at the end , so I used a flat piece of wood to push it down the rest of the way . NOTE
 The stands are nice looking and of good quality . The stands are holding my Polk Audio RTI A1 Bookshelf Speakers . I was worried the top plate was going to be too small for these speakers and it would look funny , but they fit and look great.I was very torn between the 30 '' and 24 '' stands and I am glad I went with the 30 '' , they are the perfect height . Putting these together only took a few minutes with a screwdriver . I drilled the holes in the top plate all the way through and put a screw through the bottom of the plate and screwed them to the bottom of my speakers . The back wire cover is a little tricky to get on but works and looks good . I found it a little easier to bend the plastic covers in my hand , into a u-shape , before installing.I would recommend these stands to others !
 Aside from the back plastic panels which I gave up on installing to keep from chipping the particle board anymore , I 'm happy with the stands . They look good , are stable and are the height I need . Took about 30 minutes to put them both together . They came undamaged , any damage done was trying to get that silly back panel system in place . I would recommend them to a friend .
 These are n't the best stands in the world , but they have to be the best in this price range . These stands are n't heavy , but they are sturdy . Their base is solid and I have no concern about them tipping over . I would recommend them to someone not wanting to spend a lot of money but wanting a clean look .
 We found these speaker stands to be attractive , well designed , well made , easy to assemble , and sturdy ; yet inexpensive . These stands adequately support the front speakers for our Yamaha NS-AP6500BL home theater speaker package . We endorse other reviewers positive comments . In addition , all screw holes in our stands were properly sized and recessed -LRB- unless you attach them upside down -RRB- . The plastic wire covers were easy to install provided you first attach the base , then bend the covers into the slots at one end and slide them down toward the base , maintaining the bend as you go . We do not find the appearance of these plastic covers to be objectionable . The wire covers will easily accommodate 12 gauge speaker wires , but you will have to use a drill to enlarge the hole in the top plate , then find higher cushioned feet to set the speaker on so that thicker wire can pass beneath the speaker . Alternatively , you can route thicker wire out of the top of the wire cover behind the top plate and directly to the speaker terminals.The downside . The stands were not well packed . Fortunately , however , they arrived undamaged . At this same time , we ordered two identical 36 '' inch Sanus stands in the same packaging from another company . The box for the 36 '' stands was mishandled in transit and the corners of both base plates were cracked or broken ; the box was retaped , apparently by the shipper . The seller had no replacement parts and instead offered a $ 20 partial refund , or a full refund upon return of the damaged stands . This takes too much time and hassle . Who has time to fill out the paperwork , repack , and return such items ? Not us . Like other reviewers , we decided to make the best of a bad deal and got out a black marker to cover the broken corners as best we could . Sellers of Sanus should -LRB- 1 -RRB- obtain access to replacement parts for such purposes , -LRB- 2 -RRB- stop selling these stands until the manufacturer packs them adequately , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- sellers -LRB- and Amazon -RRB- need to find shipping companies other than UPS and Federal Express , neither of whom could give a s ** t. Poor packaging is the reason for four stars instead of five .
 The Sanus Systems NF 30 stands are just want I needed for my rear speakers . I found them very easy to put together and had no problems . They look great in our great room and having the speakers at ear level makes all the difference in the sound . I would recommend them to anyone wanting this type of stand .
 Great stand for the price , sturdy & well made , only complaint that prevented a 5 star rating , one of the pre-drilled holes on one of the columns did not have the hole drilled far enough into the column , and the screw just spins around about 1/4 inch out of the hole , and for some reason can not be backed out . Fortunately the spikes are far enough out that the screw does not stick out to cause the stand to wobble .
 My review is about the Tasco version of this model . Tasco is made by Bushnell and my scope is almost identical . As far as I can tell , the only difference is the Tasco model has Coated Optics , where the Bushnell model has Multi Coated Optics . I got mine used from an online auction for $ 32 . I could n't find a review for this scope anywhere , Tasco or Bushnell , so I wanted to post mine . I wanted a low cost scope with a tripod for stargazing and looking at the moon . Sure these only have a 50mm objective lens , but do n't expect the Hubble Space Telescope for only $ 32 . I checked out the moon tonight . On full zoom to 45x , the moon almost completely fills the view . At 15x it 's slightly less than half . The zoom worked much better than I expected . Many zoom scopes do n't work as well as fixed power scopes . This zoom is acceptable . The focus is very smooth . I only had the opportunity to look a 2 stars tonight . It seemed to work ok for that except for 2 things . First , the eyepiece is not angled . It was difficult to look at anything higher than 45 degrees elevation . This was also because the tripod is kind of short for stargazing . I 'll need a taller tripod for sure . It 's a good solid tripod for table top use though . The 2nd thing was the optics . Looking straight on at a star , it looked ok . Towards the edge of the lens , I could see colors separate slightly like a rainbow . Not the best optics , but not bad for $ 32 . Maybe the Bushnell model has improved lenses ? Oh yeah , and the scope is very solidly built . Mine is used and I could tell it was well used in the field . It still works just fine . I think it could survive my 2 year old better than a more fragile astronomy telescope . I do n't plan to use this as a spotting scope at a shooting range , but I think it would work well for that . I also plan to use this scope at the beach for bird watching and looking at boats . Some telescopes have a second finder scope attached . This one has sights like rifle sights on top , which is kind of cool . The sights made it very easy to locate the moon at 45x zoom . For stargazing it would be better to have an angled eyepiece , a larger objective lens and a taller tripod . That 's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . I still think this is a good solid well built scope for the money .
 I was in a conundrum when my new HDTV would only allow for two component inputs and I had 3 to plug in . XBox 360 , Cable TV and DVD player . I researched other devices at Best Buy but they were over a $ 100 ! I found this device on Amazon and bought it . Hooked it up yesterday and had no problems . It works fine and the picure on all of my devices is great . The only problem is there is no remote control . I have to get out of my chair to change devices . Life is so hard ! : - -RRB-
 I purchased one of these about 3 months ago and have had great success in using this to help my 32 '' HDTV decode signals from my Xbox , HDTV Satellite , and progressive scan DVD player . As others have written it cleanly passes 1080i signal and does so with no fuss . I purchased a silver model to go along with the TV and am quite satisfied . It truly does solve the problem of how to hook up multiple component devices to the older HDTV 's or the lower end TV 's with only 1 component input . It has 2 S-Video inputs so do n't be fooled into thinking there are 5 component inputs-just the first 3 buttons .
 I have a big screen with only one HD capable component input . Unfortunately , I have HD and a progressive scan DVD player . This fixed the problem beautifully . It works great and the price was right !
 Do n't expect any bells or whistles with this component video switcher . Nor should you hope to run into fancy interfaces here , either . This JVC HD Compatible Component Video Switcher will solve your problem -LRB- like it did for me -RRB- , if you have an external component video signal -LRB- such as the case of an HD cable box -RRB- to feed into your receiver , but you lack any component video inputs on it.With this little box , which requires no power whatsoever , you plug in the external component signals from your box and your receiver into it , and you send the component video output into your TV or projector . As easy as that . Plus it is as inexpensive as it gets this simple task done . You can pay a lot more , but why do it ? Once more JVC delivered !
 This switcher works great used it to switch my ps3 , xbox 360 , wii and dvd player no degradation at all way better than some of the cheap switches they sell at the game shops .
 Worked great and I was able to figure out the connections , even though I am a novice at such things . However , please be aware that you will need separate cables for each device you are hooking up to the switcher , a point not so obvious to someone like me !
 This is a great product and I could n't live without it!I recently purchased a High Definition TV and went on a `` cable kick '' where I was determined to purchase the highest quality cables for everything so that I could get the full benefit of my TV . Imagine my annoyance when I found that my HD-TV only had TWO COMPONENT inputs -LRB- and one HDMI/Digital input -RRB- on the back of the TV ! Of course it then had another FIVE inputs , but they were all the lower quality COMPOSITE or S-VIDEO connections . I mean , what was the point of buying the TV if all I could hook up -LRB- with a high quality connection -RRB- was my cable box and my DVD player ??? Thank goodness for this item . It allows you to plug in up to THREE different COMPONENT sources and output them to a single COMPONENT output port . -LRB- You switch between them by clicking the button that corresponds to the port you want to use at that moment -RRB- . For example , you can have an X-Box connected to Port 1 , a Playstation 2 connected to Port 2 , and a Gamecube connected to Port 3 . This would allow you to dedicate only a single COMPONENT port on your TV to your gaming systems , while freeing any others -LRB- if there even ARE any -RRB- for something else like a Cable Box or a DVD player.Note
 This JVC component switcher does everything easily and well . It does not require a seperate power source and it is very easy to set up . It allows you to hook up several component electronics to your HDTV with little signal loss , meaning that pictures will look just as good on your HDTV . Most HDTV 's come equipped with only a few component hook-ups , so this unit simplifies your a/v connections without having to switch out your other units everytime you want to use another system -LRB- i.e. , XBOX , Gamecube , Directv -RRB- . Most of us digital tv owners have several units to hook up and this unit is very welcome in any Digital A/V setup !
 I ordered this one already knowing about it . I bought it at our local stereo store and am now ordering one for my dad who loves his toys too . I have a Gamecube , XBOX , PS2 and Direct TV with HD that all have the capability of using component cables . This little unit makes life a bit easier . Just plug in your cables from your systems and plug them into the JVC unit and then plug one more component cable into your TV . Wah la , you got 4 systems hooking up to one input on the back of your tv . No more swapping cables , just sit back and relax and enjoy !
 Reviewer `` atomicwasteland '' gives a detailed and accurate description of the input selections of this high-quality HDTV-compatible system selector/switcher . Given how many devices we gadget freaks own these days , this is a must-have device.I just wanted to mention that if you want to save money and do n't need all that S-video stuff -- I myself already have a separate A/V home-theater system that accommodates multiple S-video inputs -- you can get the Mad Catz HDTV System Selector with 4 component video inputs for less than $ 30 . Best Buy and Mad Catz 's online store carry it .
 This is a good component switcher when you have multiple devices -LRB- i.e. Game console , DVD , TV -RRB- that you want to hook up to one component video input . I have an x-box , Home theatre and digital cable hooked up to this and it works great . I just hit the button correlating to the proper device input and it instantly works . I also have Hi-Definition through my cable and I can see no difference . The only draw back is that you have to go to the switcher and hit the button but if that does n't bother you than this is the one for you .
 This is a nice product . I have a HDTV with two component and one DVI input . There 's an XBox connected to one component input , and a progressive DVD player to the other . The issue was my Scientific Atlanta 8300HD DVR cable box , which needs a component slot . It has an HDMI which could be used to go to the DVI , but there have been issues with some TVs and I am not sure if it will work . It should , but who knows ? Until I get the cable I wo n't know and this machine is next to nothing if it does n't . It 's a pretty good device actually . Granted , it 's pretty standard and does n't up-convert S-video to component signals , but it 's great for component video devices . I plugged in my DVD player and my cable box to it and passes everything from 480i to 1080i , including progressive signals with no difference in picture quality . You just plug everything into the box and the box into your TV , and you 're set . Best of all , no power required ! You can put it anywhere , even if it 's not near an outlet , provided your cables are long enough.But ... buyer beware ... this box comes with NO cables of ANY kind . No component cables , not even basic composite cables ! You will need to get those separately in order to hook it up to your TV . You 'd think for this price they would have added something , but they did n't ... In conclusion , if you need a simple component video switcher with stereo audio capabilities only , do n't be put off by the low price ... it performs like state-of-the-art switchers without the extra stuff . If only they packaged some cables with it , this thing would sell out in no time .
 I would give this 4.5 stars , but not 5 . This device is so simple that it does what it is supposed to do , to create a multiple switching device for component video , s-video and composite -LRB- RCA -RRB- . Can not take HDMI input , but I have n't seen any other consumer device that can yet . There are no colors , picture or quality lost using this device . No power cord to plug this into , so it is a plug and play . Cheaper then Pelican product that is similar.Why it is n't a five stars : The price is high for an electronic device that is power-less , since there is no power cord used to power the circuitry . My old s-video switcher has automatic detection , where this is just a manual selection . Three component inputs are not a lot , but will pass for most people .
 I have a projector with only 1 input , so I had to buy a switch box.I have a dvd player , hi-def cable box , and playstation 2 all hooked into this . With one compontent output to the projector , and one stereo output to my reciever.Works like a charm , simple push of a button . Very happy with it.Note - I have all 3 compontent inputs filled now , so I would n't be able to buy another , unless I upgrade from this box .
 I think that this camera is excellent for amateur photographers . I am a dentist and I bought for intraoral photographsat august 2008 . Macro mod specialty is wonderful .
 I was out shopping for one of the new tiny USB flash drives but I ended up buying this one instead . It was on sale at Staples for $ 17.50 , which was less than the cost of the included 32MB SD card . It uses USB 1.1 but will also work -LRB- at 1.1 speed -RRB- in a USB 2.0 port.It comes with a carrying case and a short -LRB- about 3 inches -RRB- USB extension cord , which comes in handy if you need to plug it into a port where there is n't room for the body of the drive . The carrying case also has a mesh external pocket , I assume for spare SD cards since it 's too small for anything else . The kit also includes an installation CD but I 've never had to use it . I just plugged it into my laptop or desktop USB port -LRB- 1.1 or 2.0 -RRB- and the Win XP Pro recognized it immediately by name . I plan to try it on my Mom 's Mac -LRB- OS 9 . x -RRB- next.It is a very handy way to carry around files . It 's not as small as the newer drives , but the upgradeability is a nice feature . The SD card will also fit in my PDA , although I do n't know yet if it will need to be reformatted for use in the PDA . I 'm hoping it does n't , in which case I might be able to use it to transfer files from my PDA to other computers without needing the HotSync cradle.The black thumb button on the case slides both ways . If you slide it toward the end with the SD slot it ejects the SD card . If you slide it toward the other end instead , it pushes out the USB jack . When the button is in the middle , both the SD card and the USB jack are inside the case making a very smooth package.The whole thing is very light , yet feels sturdy . I 'm pretty happy with it - I have what I need for the moment , and saved enough money that I can buy another SD card to add memory later if I like.The only drawbacks are the width of the body -LRB- about 3x the width of the USB jack -RRB- and the slower 1.1 USB transfer rate . But for the price I paid , I 'm very happy with it as it is .
 I used this wiring harness on my 1987 Chevy Monte Carlo to install a new stereo . It matched the internal wiring .
 We use SanDisk cards exclusively here in my office . We are a portrait photography company that has several DSLR cameras and find that the SanDisk cards suit our needs perfectly . This card might not be the fastest , but for shooting portraits and events it fits the bill . The cost allows us to carry a couple of cards for each system . We have some of these cards that have been used for a couple of years -LRB- and thousands of images -RRB- have yet to have one fail .
 I have always had the best of use from the Sandisk line of memory disks ...
 I own an older model Nikon camera and could not find the type of memory card required at any local dealer . I found just the type at a reasonable price by searching Amazon . Product was delivered in a timely manner and was exactly what I needed . Great service , reasonable price .
 If you do n't need or want a higher speed CF card this is a fine card.I have 14 different Sandisk Flash memory cards and I have never had a card fail or corrupt any data in the last 15 years.I have seen other people lose data from flash cards ; I guess I am just lucky in this regard.Remember the floppy disk and its wonderful speed and reliability ;-RRB- Ha Ha !
 I WAS MOST PLEASED WITH THE PRODUCT AND WITH THE MOST TIMELY DELIVERY OF SAME . Excellent quality and service.Thank You , I will certianly be back to Amazon for additional items .
 My wife wanted a large capacity memory card for a wedding , she has a 4 megapixel camera , and like 's to take all her picture 's in the fine setting to get the best picture possible , this card allowed her almost 600 pictures.I 'd say that was enough to cover a small wedding , would n't you ? She love 's it .
 This is one of the best values out there for a great product .
 These are good , reliable discs for the digital camera -- and since they were on sale for such a great price , I bought two -LRB- and might buy more -RRB- ! Great for shooting a ton and not having to switch out ; great for shooting a ton while traveling and then being able to safely store the data 'till you get home .
 I bought this for a digital camera . It works great and I have n't lost a single photo or video . Good stuff !
 Bought several of these to use in an 8-track digital recorder -LRB- Boss BR-900 -RRB- and they work consistently without error . I had some prior to these that were not so dependable , so I 'm very happy with this brand and product .
 It works for me - but I 'm not a high tech person . Just a student studying abroad with a three year old digital camera . My camera is slow so I have n't noticed any issues with it not being able to keep up . It 's so great never having to worry about using up all the space - I even have videos on there .
 This product worked very good on my BR-600 digital recorder I heared others were having issue with other SD cards . I give this product A + + + + + + + +
 Excellent product though difficult to find . It 's performance is excellent though ! It 's a shame that technollogy does n't evolved with this format because its performance is really good .
 Order arrived sooner than estimated and in excellent condition . I would purchase from them again .
 This is one of the few cards that actually work with the boss BR-600 multitrack recorder . The transcend cards have changed and no longer work with it.this thing was under 10 bucks when I bought it 4 months ago !
 So far this has been a good purchase . Especially for around 20 bucks.On the fine setting on my Minolta and image size at 1600x1200 , I am getting over 800 pictures . These pix print out in photo store quality so I see no need to set at a higher resolution . I had two older cards a Kingston and a Crucial and after several years I can not trust them as I have lost pictures etc. I thought these cards would last indefinitely but , guess I was wrong . For the price I have a couple on hand just in case .
 These cards have really come done in price . The SanDisk version is reputable and reliable . I ordered this for an old digital camera . Not only does it work fine , the camera can now hold up to 1500 pictures -LRB- max res is 1.6 -RRB- . I could have bought the smaller version .
 It arrived in plenty of time . It has been very efficient ! No problems ... would do again !
 If you use the Canon A95 , this disk is all you will need plus some . You will never run out of disk space . I like the ease of use and the large capacity . Chances are that if you are not a pro , the 1mb disk may be too much space and you may only need something smaller like the 512mb .
 Simple - 1 GB of storage , right price . The one I got worked just as advertised . I can take pictures for months before I have to wipe the card .
 Reliable card which in my NX70v uses less battery power than other 1 gb cards and much less power than sony memory sticks . Excellent value . Prefer this to viking card as this card uses less battery power in my experience .
 Used the card on a cruise and took about 300 pictures at 4 megapixels . No problem with space . The only negative is that the pictures are not numbered in the order they were taken . This made it difficult to organize the photos to make available for friends to see them on line . The previous smaller capacity card in the same camera always numbered and presented the raw photos in cronological order .
 I use it in my PDA to hold GPS files and a large number of songs . Long drives , which I do almost twice a week , are now much less stressful . I look forward to it even .
 It 's kinda pointless to review a CompactFlash card - They work or they do n't work - They 're all poured into the same envelope - Of course THE prime expectation is that they will work in your equipment - I suppose you could count the transfers in milliseconds , but that 's often beyond the domain of a memory card anyway and more to do with the electronics of the digicam - I 'm using it with an E20 and have had no problems in field use - but the Oly is a relatively slow writer but that 's not a chip problem - Now what would really merit 5 stars and my undying praise would be a breathtaking plunge beneath the $ barrier -- THAT 'S exciting . SanDisk 1gb does the job with no problems -- THAT 'S satisfying .
 The fact of the matter is , at the time of writing this review , there is no better value than this 1 GB disk . It is not as fast as many that you can purchase , but even for me taking wedding photos , my on-camera cache is enough to compensate for that speed . For the average or even semi-professional photographer -LRB- unless your goal is to be taking many rapid-fire shots -RRB- even this slow speed should be more than enough.SanDisk quality and their 5 year manufacturer 's warranty make this card that much better of a value over the no-name cheap competition.The card is not perfect . It may fail and you will be stuck with 1 Gig of corrupted imgaes . That could happen with any card that you purchase . The card is slower than some , but most of the cameras being sold today have at least a 4 picture cache which means you will rarely even notice the effects under normal shooting conditions . The card is not the cure-all for the digital storage world , but at the time of writing this review it was only about fifty-nine bucks making it the best value out there that I have seen , all this with no-cost shipping and no sales tax.So take the plusses and the minusses into account and make your choice ... unless you have very special needs that would necessitate a faster card , this will probably be what you should choose.-Jacob Hantla
 How many pictures will it store ? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about . Well , considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The SanDisk SDCFB-1000-A10 1GB CF Type 1 Card , like most 1000MB cards , will store on average 1137 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera , 853 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera , 512 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera , 409 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera , and 320 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera . These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.One last thing to consider when buying a 1000MB card . Do not necessarily choose the least expensive card available . A 1000MB card should be an investment . You need to consider quality , reliability , and speed with a card of this capacity . Worse case scenario would be you taking this card -LRB- and only this card -RRB- on vacation with you overseas and for some reason it gets corrupted . Then what do you do ? Purchasing a high capacity card changes the game a little , just be mindful of that before you hit the buy button.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs .
 The 1 gig capacity eliminates the worry of ever running out of space . In my Nikon , this card affords me close to 800 frames . More than I can imagine using even on a photo vacation.The quality is superb . I highly recommend this SanDisk SDCFB-1024-A10 1GB CF Type 1 Card .
 Very good quality card . Have not used it long but find no problems with it .
 I already had a 512mb sandisk card and needed more space.I bought the 512 a couple years ago and paid more than two times the cost of this 1gb card.The write speed is still a bit slow.it takes a few seconds for a 12mp file to write.I was hoping that being a newer card it would be improved in that categorybesides that everything works fine on my fuji finepix s7000i 'm happy with it . if i had more money though i 'd be finding a fast writing card.great price for what it is .
 I bought this memory card for my Boss BR-600 digital recorder . It worked right away ; no initialization was necessary.BR600 Digital Multitrack Recorder
 It 's very well made , nice , looks and feels of hi-quality . It 's also quite compact - more compact than the regular ones but then I like it b/c it 's perfect as carry-on for small trips when I do n't bring lots of stuffs with me . It has a separate and padded compartment for laptop which is very convenient , that way I do n't have to snag around another laptop bag/case . I was actually able to fit my HP Pavilion 17.3 '' laptop in there but it was very tight at the corners , just to say that it can accommodate most of any laptops size out there . Gave one to my Dad who took it with him on several trips and it still looks new after three years .
 This is a great HDMI card that will run current games and is very reasonable . It comes with an HDMI cable and a HDMI to DVI converter . You can not beat this for value and performance !
 I love these headphones , they 're amazing for only $ 10 and the volume control is really handy .
 I like them , the fit pretty well , sound quality is very good , though I would expect higher from Altec Lansing . Still by far the best in it 's price range.I would n't recommend it for production A/V use , but for online gaming , online talk features in IM software , as well as just a regular set of headphones , it 's a good product .
 Was n't sure I was going to be pleased with this system or not , after a few weeks just love it . Great system - just the right amount of inputs , nice easy setup , nice sound , and huge bang for the buck -LRB- payed $ 320 -RRB- , only complant I have is that the included DVD player when using a HDMI cable , needs a digital audio cable -LRB- either coax or optical -RRB- - seems stupid since HDMI carries digital audio . but not a huge deal
 My main goal in a home theater system was having wireless back speakers . I tried the Panasonic system which worked very well , but it just did not have enough input options and I found that I quickly ran out . So I returned it and purchased this unit along with a Rocketfish wireless spreaker adapter . Everything is working great . I 'm not an audio expert , so I do n't know how it compares to other units , but it meets my needs . Also , I like the fact that the DVD player is a seperate unit . This gives me the option of upgrading it in the future to either HD DVD or BlueRay -LRB- once the dust settles -RRB- .
 Overall good product , no bass or trebel or balance controls on unit . But good unit for the price .
 it sounds great . it 's not Bose , but it also does n't COST as much as Bose . Great for a medium sized room . DVD player is a little clunky , and i 'm not a fan of 5-disc players , but it 's what came with it . Oh well.I 'm sure there are better out there , but if you 're on a budget , this one is def a good contender .
 Bought the system for the many inputs and outputs to accompany the new DLP television . Hooking the HDMI cables to the unit seemed to be over kill once it was realized the TV had more than enough of these connections for the blue-ray , HD DVD and the Dish player . I have three other A \ V units bought over the years and Sony sure puts out great units . Wish this unit put out more volume and had wireless speakers for the rear channels . But , the family thinks I turn the volume to the stops because I , m going deaf . I just like the music and movie viewing at a level consistent with an eighties rock concert . My only real complaint is the delivery service . I was called that the package was to arrive and needed to be home to take delivery . I was home but no knock on the door ; to boot it was left in the carport with the neighbor signing for it . Good thing I live in a small town . Otherwise , for a great sounding modestly priced system you can not go wrong.Moab Kelleys
 I got this set for $ 300 on amazon . Make sure you have optical cables , as this one does not come with any . I am ordering speaker stands as well . Great dvd player too ! Nice to have a 5 disk changer with 1080i output .
 For 90-95 % of consumers , this system is all the stereo you need . I think it 's silly to have a system that is so powerful , you never turn the volume up past 30 % . Why even have that much power if you will never use it ? If the room you 're gon na use is smaller than a theater , then this system should suffice . I enjoy mine . Sound is good , plenty of options . I especially like HDMI input/output and the up-converting DVD player . Here 's a link to some pictures showing how my system is set up
 Received equipment in good order and in a timely fashion -LRB- 4 days -RRB- . Set up was easy . I love that you can tune the speakers to your listening position with the microphone they include . So far -LRB- 4 weeks -RRB- no problems and good clear quality sound .
 Just purchased this system to go along with my 52 '' Sharp HDTV . I have been looking for several months to find a suitable system . I even brought a Bose system home only to find out it does not have an HDMI interface . This system has that and more . I am a non-audiophile who just wants good sound when watching TV and movies . This system certainly provides that . The connections are reasonably staight forward and use standard cabling unlike some system that have custom cabling that is often too short for proper installation . The only negative is the fine print on the receiver and DVD player . I need to have a flashlight to read it . Otherwise I am extremely happy .
 I 've had this for a few weeks now and I 'm happy with it . The reciever and speakers sound fine , and the 5-disc DVD player is very nice . My dislikes with this are that it comes with two remotes , one for the DVD an one for the reciever . I purchased a Harmony remote that works great , so it 's not that big of a deal but still ... why two remotes for one system ? My other dislike is that all the menu 's and options for the reciever are a bit difficult to navigate . I appreciate the clean appearance of the receiver -LRB- not a lot of knobs/buttons -RRB- , and it 's a bonus that the kids are n't always playing with it but ... if I want to change the sound/tone level of a speaker it takes me seveal attempts to get to the right menu . In time , once I get used to the navigation , I 'm sure it won ; t bother me as much but in the beginning , it can be a little frustrating.DVD player is great . The one thing I love about it is that it handles jpeg discs , with audio too ! I was really impressed with this and given the we have a new LCD on the wall , it is a truly great feature to have . I did one already and my wife was over the top thrilled with it , and the kids like seeing themselves up on the big screen too . Overall , the DVD player plays fine , looks good , and with the 5 discs it 's nice to keep a few of the kids movies in there rather than swapping them out individually . It also remembers the position of each disc when you stop it so you can pick right up where you left off . Plays MP3 's fine too , but I do n't think you can randomize the playback , either that or maybe I just have n't figured it out yet , not sure .
 I am using this as the brain for my entertainment system in the living room . So far I have a Sony 40 '' Bravia 1080p connected , a HD-DVR , a turntable , the 5-disc changer , a separate CD player , a nintendo wii , and an ipod dock . I have n't run into much trouble with the lack of an audio feed through the HDMI , since all the audio is going through this amplifier anyway - I just keep the television audio muted and it just plays directly through the 5 speakers - no problem . I would have liked one more HDMI input , but other than that , it 's great and I still have more room for additional audio sources , which you ca n't say for most HTIBs . I was n't impressed with the auto audio calibration , and had to go back in and raise the volume of the speakers independently to get the volume and balance that this system should have . I guess it was a good starting point , and then I just adjusted from there . The DVD player hooked up through HDMI running to my sony 1080p TV looks awesome - 480p DVDs almost looks truly HD . One thing I would have liked is for one of the inputs to have a pre-amp built in , for a turntable or unpowered iPod dock , but that 's a small ` wish ' . Overall , fantastic buy - and I got mine for under $ 400 .
 Pros
 Bang for the buck is great got my for under $ 300 . Lots of features , easy setup with mic and sound is good but not great . The hook up of the speakers wires to the receiver is unbelievable diffcult and them keep coming loose . -LRB- 2 -RRB- remotes why ? Seems like a pieced together home theater package.Last but not least the DVD/CD player plays great but only shuffles one disc at a time ! If I would have know that I would n't have bought this unit , who wants to shuffle one CD ! I would have payed $ 50 more to have that feature . I hooked up my old player thru the optical input works great.You get what you pay for .
 Sony HT7100DH Component Home Theater System with HDMIItem was selected based on Consumer Reports reviews . Amazon offered it through a third party , the price was right and it was purchased . Delivery was timely and , although more work than anticipated , installation to the point of testing components shows great performance . Nice , compact package for our 1950-something sized living room .
 I bought a Walkman recently which I 'm happy with , however , I hated the headhpones that came with it -LRB- they hurt my ears , gave me a headache , and did not stay in place while jogging -RRB- . I ordered these and I am so happy with them . They sound better than what came with the cassette player and are sooooooooo comfortable that I almost forget I 'm wearing them -LRB- they stay in place while exercising -RRB- . At this price you ca n't go wrong . I 'm getting a second pair .
 I love these headphones . I am not an audiophile , but I do like my music to sound good . I have n't had any problems with the volume control . You simply have to adjust the volume on your device with the headphone 's volume at about the middle , and then you get a full range of volume . I also think they are the most comfortable headphones I have worn . They do n't squish your ears like some can . They stay in place very nicely . I am ordering a second pair for my husband .
 Needed a cheap flash and this fit . Very cheap , plastic housing , but very far reaching flash . Worked great with external connection . Tried the sync flash , a little set-up needed , but not too much . Worked well also . Recommended for the budget minded .
 Works great at my law office to replace cassette system . Secretary was able to use this just like the old system , but it uses SD cards instead of cassettes .
 I like them , the fit pretty well , sound quality is very good , though I would expect higher from Altec Lansing . Still by far the best in it 's price range.I would n't recommend it for production A/V use , but for online gaming , online talk features in IM software , as well as just a regular set of headphones , it 's a good product .
 The images the unit records onto its hard drive are very good . The commercial skip function is great , the manual is poor . I purchased this unit to make DVDs out of both 8mm and DV video tape . I have a first generation Canon Elura and the DMR-E100HSdoes not recognize the machine - even though the recorded images are seen on the TV . The poorly written manual does state in small print that DV Auto Recording may not work with all equipment . My computer has no problem finding my Canon .
 Just as expected . Works great and I found the manual tothis quite complex machine easy to understand.Just a few observations :1 . It is not in the spec but the unit DOES have an RFoutput . BUT , you cant get DVD playback through there ! 2 . Since Panasonic VCRs have automatic advert removal Iassumed `` cm skip '' on this machine would do the same.It does n't . I just skips forward one minute.A great machine .
 This is a fantastic machine . Menus and Remote Control very intuitive , great recorded quality . No Tivo charges , just set my own recording programs and it records every week . I 'll never buy a VHS tape again .
 This Piece of equipment is excellent . The manual is only difficult in the details . You have to do a little cross referencing to find specifics , but it 's not that bad . Do n't let the other reviews scare you . Set-up is a breeze and you can be recording dvd-rs almost immediately . The picture quality is excellent and it 's so great to do all the burning in real time or faster -LRB- high speed dubbing is one of the items you need to dig in the manual for -RRB- . This is so much better than burning discs on a mac or pc . No problems with out of synch audio or discs that wo n't burn properly . Get this item . You wo n't regret it !
 This is a feature-packed DVD recorder , and an excellent reason to retire your VCR . It 's your only choice if you 're looking for the ability to record to DVD coupled with Firewire input and a hard disk -LRB- to store and edit material -RRB- . If you plan to do sophisticated editing , you 'll be better off using PC or Mac-based DVD recording . But if you want the convenience of a dedicated set-top box that wo n't crash in the middle of a recording , this is the best choice for you.However , if you do n't already have a working knowledge of all the options and features available -LRB- various types of video filtering , setting up DVD menus , etc. -RRB- , the manual and user interface are utterly cryptic . Many features and topics are n't even mentioned in the manual once.If you want to do anything more sophisticated than using it like a VCR , plan on some trial and error -LRB- and plan on making a few coasters with your blank DVD-R media -RRB- .
 i love this dvd recorder yes i really do i love this more than anything yes i do this is so cool yes it is i love this very very very much thankyou very much panasonic i love u too
 I just bought this thing from Amazon and all I can say is WOW !!!! This is probably the best purchase I have ever made . This thing is everything I ever expected and more !! It 's easy to use as well - even my wife can operate it!I have to say , everyone out there who is thinking of buying this , stop thinking . I bought it and I am extremely happy with it the moment I powered this thing on . YOU ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH THIS PURCHASE ! I GUARANTEE IT !!!
 I bought this unit to archive old S-VHS tapes , VHS tapes and laserdiscs to DVD , and this it does admirably . I also bought it to time-shift weekly TV shows to HDD and at this , it is better than any S-VHS VCR I have owned -LRB- and I have owned a lot of high-end units -RRB- . As others have mentioned , it can not dub FROM its own DVD drive to the HDD , but how relevant is this since this is probably a second player/recorder for most purchasers ? You will not be able to copy macrovision-protected DVDs or tapes either -LRB- without the appropriate third party copy enhancer box -RRB- . But respecting macrovision copyguard is pretty much the rule on all consumer electronics in the US so this should not be `` news '' to anyone.Yes , if you want to archive VHS tapes or DV tapes to DVD , you WILL need a device to play back the tapes -LRB- duh -RRB- . I 'm not exactly sure what the earlier reviewer was complaining about , with the `` lack of firewire input '' - the DMR-E100HS most certainly * does * have a firewire input , as well as 3 analog inputs -LRB- S-video and composite video on each -RRB- . So if you have a digital camcorder , you will be able to plug your camcorder into the E100 's firewire input and make a digital copy . Very few DVD/HDD recorders actually have firewire inputs -LRB- the new Panny E85 , for example , does not have it , nor does the Pioneer DVR810 -RRB- , so if you are going to use your DVD recorder to convert DV camcorder tapes to DVD , then the E100 is an excellent choice.Also , the SD card port is actually really cool - you can dub any material from DVD-RAM or from the hard drive directly onto a tiny Secure Digital -LRB- SD -RRB- card in MPEG -LRB- MPEG4 -RRB- encoding so you can then import it directly into a PC from the card . The unit can also read images from SD cards , as well as PCMCIA cards , which is interesting , but less useful to me.My only gripes -LRB- and they are minor -RRB- are that there is limited control over the DVD menu when finalizing a DVD-R -LRB- you get a user-selectable thumbnail for each video segment , which is nice , but you ca n't select a custom background for the menu - just one of a list of 8 stock backgrounds ; and the text labeling is a bit awkward . Also , I have had some compatibility problems with off-brand DVD-R discs , though Panasonic , TDK , and even cheapo `` Liquid Video '' blank DVD-Rs have worked fine . Plus both Panasonic and the cheaper Optodisc DVD-RAMs work great in this unit.I love that you can use a double-sided DVD-RAM in a cartridge to fit twice as much material on the disc than you ever could on traditional DVD-R -LRB- yes , you DO have to switch sides if you use double-sided media -RRB- . I send my sister in Germany copies of several US shows and this unit allows me to put 10 episodes of a one hour show on a single double-sided DVD-RAM disc at actually very acceptable quality -LRB- one hour shows end up about 43 minutes long after editing our commercials -RRB- . Speaking of editing ... editing out commercials , or editing home made video segments is a breeze on this unit . Mark the start point , mark the end point , click twice and you 're done.As a demanding videophile with an extremely high resolution monitor -LRB- Loewe 38 '' HDTV-cable widescreen monitor -RRB- and a penchant for recording a lot of TV , I have to say I 've been quite happy owning this unit for the past 8 months . Picture quality in XP and SP modes are better than S-VHS without the annoying tape glitches that can happen . And the unit has a `` flexible recording '' mode that can squeeze the absolute highest quality out of the available space on a blank DVD . It 's not perfect , but it 's among the cream of the crop of DVD/HDD recorders on the market today . If you buy one ... you wo n't be disappointed .
 Not only does this unit play all 5 DVD formats -LRB- DVD-R/RW , DVD+R / RW , DVD-RAM -RRB- but it also supports 1-4x DVD-R media and 1-3x DVD-RAM media !! This means that you can high-speed dub onto DVD-R at 4x and DVD-RAM at 3x !! I 've been running this unit for a month now without any problems . If you can tolerate the high price than this unit is the one to get . Otherwise I would suggest the Panasonic DMR-E80H but it wo n't play back those DVD+R / RW discs nor will you obtain the 4x DVD-R speeds or 3x DVD-RAM speeds but the price is a lot cheaper .
 This machine just made all my other 4 VHS Recorders obsolete ! I have Satellite-Dish , Cable-TV , 1 security videocameras , and my Sony DV Portable Rec/Player connected full-time to this machine ! And it works like magic . Everything is a snap , if you follow my advise
 I have had this unit for about 6 months and I absolutely love it . I have successfully used it for the following : - Setting up the HD to record TV shows like a TIVO without the monthly fee . For example , there are reruns on every weekday afternoon of an old show I like and I have set up my unit to record from the same channel at the same time every weekday . I also automatically record Saturday Night Live every week while I am out . Although the DMR E100H is not able to control the channel switching of a cable box -LRB- for instance , you are away for a week and want to record 5 different programs which all come on at different times and on different channels -RRB- , there is an easy work-around for this . Almost all cable boxes nowadays allow the user to separately program the cable box -LRB- with the remote usually -RRB- to switch channels according to a timed schedule for many weeks in advance . So once you have programmed the DMR E100H to record what you want it to and when , you must then program the cable box to channel switch with a corresponding schedule -LRB- the cable companies built this capability in originally to facilitate VCR recording of cable TV -RRB- . This practice is not quite as easy as using a TIVO , but is still very simple to do -LRB- sounds more complicated than it is I am sure -RRB- and no monthly fee is necessary . - Backing up VHS tapes onto DVD - I have transferred all my old VHS tapes to DVDs with great results . Clearly , you need a good VCR for this as well . - Backing up DV tapes onto DVD - great for preserving home movies . - High speed dubbing of HD content onto DVD . This is a fantastic feature , but this HD content must first have been recorded in `` high speed DVD '' mode -LRB- this must be manually switched on in the `` Setup '' menu - no reason to ever switch it off after this -RRB- . For example , you may program your unit to record an HBO movie onto your HDD at a certain time . You can then edit slightly to trim off anything unwanted in the beginning and the end and then make as many DVD copies -LRB- in high quality - SP mode has been very impressive to my eye -RRB- as you wish at high speed . A two hour movie on your HD can be copied at high speed to a DVD-R and finalized in less than 20 minutes . - Making copies of DVDs . Note that you will need another DVD player as the input , but I have been able to make excellent copies of existing DVDs -LRB- even copies of commercial DVDs can be made if you have certain available devices which counter copy protection - obviously such copies are illegal other than for personal use -LRB- acceptable under `` fair use '' laws -RRB- . - Looking at pictures I have taken with my digital camera on my big screen TV . I simply take out the compact flash card from my camera and plug it into the DMR E100H -LRB- I did need to buy a $ 10 adapter to do this - the compact flash card inserts into the adapter which mimics a PC card and is then inserted into the PC Card slot of the DMR E100H -LRB- SD cards can be inserted directly -RRB- .
 Pros - Good compression quality in real time - Burn upto 6 hours of video on one DVD-R - Fast forward upto 100x while diving and shorting programs - DVD-R has good compatibility with all of my DVD playersCons - Can not record date/time information with DV connection - Can not dubbing finalized DVD back to HDD to burn more copies - Can not play DVD+R and DVD+RW -LRB- I could n't play them on other players either -RRB-
 I agree with all the great things that everyone has been saying about the unit , but If you are looking forward to copying some of your own DVD to the HDD , you better think twice.Almost at the end of a poorly written operating instructions manual , there is a small little line that says `` Can not Dub from the Disc '' this should be in bold letter on the top of the box . instead the hide it in the back of the manual.I ending up hooking my old sony DVD to the AVin , and that did the trick , so I hope this help those of you who are looking for the function that does not exist in this unit .
 OK , the manual is pretty dreadful , but once you succeed in translating it , you 've got the best of the crop of the current DVD recorders . It enables you to do just about everything you 'd want to -- with one irritating exception . In an effort to kow-tow to the Hollywood interests , Panasonic deliberately prevented dubbing DVD disks to the unit 's Hard Drive . That 's a significant nuisance , because it prevents the perfectly legal transfer of ones own DVD content . -LRB- To do that , you 'll have to use a computer and DVD drive . -RRB- But you can dub back and forth from DVD RAM disks -- an excellent media -- and , of course , you can create DVD-R disks.It 's easy to transfer Camcorder tapes -LRB- via either the unit 's Firewire or analog inputs -RRB- though editing them is limited to fairly basic possibilities.Overall quality of video is excellent , and -LRB- once you surmount that manual -RRB- the unit is easy enough to operate . Now go bury that VHS recorder -LRB- once you 've transferred all your tapes , of course . -RRB- Update -- one year later . No buyers-remorse whatsoever and the -LRB- noted -RRB- small shortcomings remain small and the pluses get larger.This has become an indispensable unit in our house ! If you watch -LRB- and archive -RRB- favorite TV shows , you can -LRB- fairly -RRB- easily strip them of commercials and enjoy them without annoyance . Makes ALL the difference ! `` Desperate Housewives '' shrinks from an hour to 42 smooth minutes.This one WORKS !
 Wish it had a IEEE connector in the back instead of just the front . If my HD Receiver had IEEE output , I 'd be in heaven . However ... I record from my Sony SAT300 Hi-def receiver . No , the Panasonic does n't record in HD , but the digital pic via s-video makes for the BEST and CLEANEST recordings imaginable . It even records widescreen ! Then I trim the beginning and end of fluff , and remove the commercials . Now I can make my own `` edited for tv '' movie dvd . It is frikken great!Modes
 I purchased the E100HS primarily to archive many years of vacation videos . I decided I needed a large hard disk drive to do all the necessary editing before writing them to DVD . All in all , it works as I had hoped.However , I am gradually starting to use it as a VCR , as well , time shifting TV programs , even viewing the beginning of a program before the end has been recorded . Picture quality for this is great and it 's nice to know that if I really like the program , it can be stored on a DVD with or without editing.I am disappointed that the Panasonic DMR-E100HS does n't have a Firewire input so that my newer digital videos must be copied with an S cable . There is a noticable loss of quality -LRB- to me , anyway -RRB- from the original digital tape , even when recorded at best quality -LRB- XP -RRB- . I have been recording all my archived videos at XP to assure no loss of quality , but this speed allows only one hour per DVD , which adds up to lots of disks . Even at this speed , the DVD does not quite match the digital original.Some small gripes
 There is a minor problem because my laptop will display that there is no battery and will go to hibernation , despite the fact that the battery indicator shows enough battery available , so I restart the computer and afterwards it will work fine and it will not repeat the problem as long as it is in use . I am not sure if the problem is from the battery or from the laptop or from the Windows operating system .
 This adapter adds a great looking pic to our projector . All of our components look much better using this adapter . Our HD DVD and our Blu Ray Player were grainy looking prior , but with this adapter we were able to get our signal up to 1080i on the projector and the pic is great .
 One of the oddities of the X1 projector is that it 's capable of supporting component video at 1080i , but only through this adapter which is sold separately . I originally ran my projector with the S-video cable connected to my DVD player -LRB- regular , not HD-DVD or BluRay -RRB- , which looked good , but once I installed this adapter , the picture became noticeably sharper . While I have n't been able to do a side-by-side comparison , I believe the picture quality is comparable to what I 've seen on a BluRay to 42 '' Vizio LCD TV over HDMI cable set-up . Of course , the X1 set-up will cost you less and give a much bigger viewing area .
 Ordered this product by mistake thinking it was for a different purpose . Be sure before ordering what it is for !
 Bought as replacement for lost battery on Panasonic DVD-LS86 . Has longer life than the original .
 This battery was purchased as a backup battery for the Panasonic LS855 . The original battery CGR-H711 lasted 2h with daylight brightness and no sound . It lasted 2.5 h with moonlight brightness and no sound.I just tested the new backup battery -LRB- Lenmar DVDP703 -RRB- under daylight brighness with no sound after I charged it fully overnight . It lasted for 9h . Thats nearly 5 times the capacity .
 I wanted a spare battery for my player . I found this one on Amazon , read the reviews that it will work with my player . I ordered it , and arrived earlier that was promised . It is a little bigger and heavier than the one provided with player . I am thinking it will last longer on one charge . This was better than winning an auction on EBay for a used player that I could use that for a spare battery , not knowing how many times that one was used . I charged it over night , it 's fully charged , but now it does n't fit in the carrying bag , not that I 'm complaining . This item was the most reasonable priced . I 'm very happy .
 This is a great replacement battery . Just as good , if not better than the original and about 1/3 the cost .
 Bought this battery to go with a new Panasonic DVD-LS80 8.5 '' Portable DVD Player . Great for the kids and their movies where we do n't have AC or DC plug in available .
 I used this battery in my Panasonic LS850 in moonlight mode -LRB- low brightness -RRB- and it lasted more than 12 hours . Great for a long international flight with kids . I have n't tested with higher brightness yet , so not sure how long that would last .
 I purchased this Lenmar DVDP703 Li-ion Battery for my Panasonic LS850 DVD player for a recent trip to HI . It was one of the smartest purchases I 've ever made ! It ran the full flight ~ 5hrs with regular brightness and volume ~ No Problem . It is heavy but as expected . Happy to have it as well in case of power outages.Lenmar DVDP703 Li-ion Battery for Panasonic DVD Players
 I just got this one last month . I have used it several time . The battery may take long time to get full charge but it last around 5 hours of continuous playing on my DVD-LS5 .
 After receiving this battery , I was surprised to see that it is twice as large as the original one I purchased . Hopefully this means it will last twice as long . I have n't had to recharge it yet , so I am not sure .
 I have a digital camera that uses CompactFlash , and a Palm that supports secure digital cards . I wanted something that would enable me to read both formats . This product came to the rescue . It works with no hassles on both MacOS X and Windows XP . It is compact as well , I can put it in my camera bag and bring it anywhere .
 So two things happened that -LSB- were bad -RSB- :1 -RRB- I bought a laptop , not realizing that it did n't have a floppy drive .2 -RRB- My digital camera came with a secure digital card that was WAY too small to be useful -LRB- 16MB -RRB- , and I immediately replaced it with something practical . Now what to do with that tiny little card?Needing a way to transfer files at home and at work , I bought this great little card reader . I love it !! The set up was a little shaky ; I could n't get get it to work and it kept crashing my computer . After about 10 minutes of this , I put the card back in the camera , reformatted it , and PRESTO ! Works great , and with XP required no set up software . I can hardly believe something this useful is also so -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- . I guess they figure they 'll make money selling bigger cards .
 I like the Sandisk 2 In 1 USB Reader for Compact Flash and Secure Digital cards . What can I say , it does what it supposed to do , and does it well .
 I loved the size and functionality of the product . The file transfer speed is not bad as I thought and it can support flash , SD and sony stick . Only drawback is the fact that plug and play is only for Windows XP and up . For Win 98 and 2000 one must install the driver . It becomes a hassles to install a driver in a internet cafe when you are travelling .
 Works very good ... especially with WinXP .
 Overall fine kit for less than $ 60 . I 'm glad the listing has been updated to indicate you may receive black OR silver lenses - not necessarily the lenses pictured . The filter kit is fine - they come in a little black case . Lens adapter is cheaply made - cleaning kit is as well . The mini tripod is fine . Stands just a few inches tall . Overall fine . Wish I would have spent a bit more to get quality products . Seller very polite .
 Everything came quickly . Very easy to put on and worked great at a football game . Took pictures of GD cheerleading and could actually see her .
 ordering from here delivers it timely to you , partially assembled -LRB- remaining assembly takes approx 20 minutes -RRB- built exceptionally well , great features , and tons of space with dual 42U racks.only gripe I have which is really nitt pickey . this thing has next to no built-in cable management.other than that , its maneuverable , pretty and built like a bloody tank !
 the product arrived on timein a big huge package.The setup ended up being such an easy process.a beautiful rack and awesome quality made.a very solid piece of equipment with all the perfect accessfrom the back you have a very nice open door.on each side you have a 4 section removable cover but can be locked with keysand the front door is the perfect and impressive air flow door.inside the rack you have all the necessary mooting bracket and they are all movable to suit your needsand equipment.i really enjoyed setting it up .
 product is as good as I expected . My IT guys loves this easy to work with cabinet . Unit also looks very professional .
 Great Product at a very reasonable price . Almost 100 % good burn rate ! Experience with competitors discs was more like 90-95 % .
 I got a stack of these CDs for using while DJing . I do n't need a fancy printer for my CDs but wanted something with no logos so I could write on the whole surface . Other than that , they are a standard CD-R . They have worked well and I have n't had any error CDs from the entire stack.The Pros
 After buying several other brands I decided to try these guys . So far I had n't had a problem , burn using a Rimage 2000i and about 250 cd 's a pop . With other brand the arm has the tendency to pick up several discs at once jamming the cd burner ... and happens all the time . With the Memorex it has n't happened and that is a start.We 'll see in the long run if they hold up to the first impression .
 I use these CD-Rs for church -LRB- sermon distribution -RRB- . They have worked well , and I 've had no problems . I use an Epson RX680 printer to print the top surface . The only reason I did n't give them five stars is that I 've not used other products with which to compare . But , I like the price of these , and will continue using them .
 I went to WalMart to buy this adapter because that is where I purchased the GPS system from and I was told they do not carry it ? So , then I was told to go into the city at Best Buy to get it ? Well , I checked it out at Best Buy and it was offered at or about 26 dollars with tax of 9 percent ? So I thought , I will go to Amazon and see if they had one ? Guess what ? Even with shipping cost , I got two for 31 dollars and could not be more satisfied !!!!!!!!! You want something at a good price and get what you want ? Just shop at Amazon where the service is tops and there is no waiting in line or the cost of driving your car into the city !!!!!!!
 My Daughter broke the original adapter and threw it away . I tried for 6 months to get one from another supplier . I had originally tried several places but no one had it and all orders were canceled . I finally tried Amazon.com and they had them in stock so I bought 2 . It seems sturdy enough to withstand normal wear and tear . It works well .
 The hard drive was checked with two quality testers , and all sectors were good and operating temperatures were in range . Therefore I could comfortably use this for a customer 's repair needs .
 With six years of usage , this is a ca n't miss for any old ipod owner . Do n't know if this is still relevant ...
 I wanted a memory stick that would be easy to use and compatible with our new Dell XPS system -LRB- vista software -RRB- AND our old Windows XP software . It works with both and there is nothing you have to know to use it . SIMPLE . The added bonus is the connected top , so there is no losing it or damaging the USB connection . Also has a cord for hanging it around your neck , allowing a high-schooler easy access and less chance of loss .
 I 've owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it . It 's so nice being able to carry around my laptop and my books in the same bag . The side pockets are kind of useless for them being so small , but I guess I 'll be able to find a purpose for them .
 I got this pack on a popular on line auction site for $ 27 plus $ 15 shipping . I read the reviews here and checked out photos . This pack looks really good . Lots of room for my 15 in wide screen , plus room for my three county map book -LRB- thick ! -RRB- Plenty of handy compartments too . I bought this for road trips , but it looks sharp enough to use for business setting . I have n't had it but for a day , but I can say that it fits the widescreen 15.4 just fine , and it looks good . Maybe in a few months I can update the review . I ca n't wait to use it on my next road trip !
 I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks , a laptop -LRB- 15.4 inch screen -RRB- and a couple of notebooks . The pack has plenty of room for these items and still a couple of empty front pockets for additional gear . With all that weight , the pack is still comfortable to wear and has yet to bother my back .
 I 've had this bag for almost a year now and I could n't be happier with it . I do n't use it for college as it is a little too big for me for everyday use -LRB- but then , I 'm about 5 feet tall -RRB- . This is a great bag if you 're planning on an overnight trip -LRB- or a week long trip -RRB- and do n't want to be bothered with a lot of luggage . I like to take my laptop everywhere I go and this is the bag I take on my weekend trips . It keeps the laptop secure and there 's plenty of room for a few sets clothes and other odds and ends . It does not have the plastic supporters that 's shown in the picture . But it does have a small partition in the main compartment , which can hold a big book -LRB- you can push this partition back if do n't want to use it -RRB- . It takes the weight off your shoulders.Pros : Great designHolds just about anythingFeels light on your shouldersHas a waist strap -LRB- if ever you want one -RRB- Can double up as a laptop-cum-overnight-bagCons : This is the only things I can think of - it 's a little too big for everyday college use -LRB- it might work if you 're tall and like to carry all your books with you -RRB- Overall , I give it 5 stars because the only con that it has does n't really bother me .
 This Targus RG0322 backpack is great . I get all the pockets I needed ! Materials quality are just great . No problem at all !
 Great bag with lots of storage space . I plan on using it as a carry on during a trip to South America , so my laptop , camera , MP3 and wallet etc will all fit in one bag .
 I 've had this backpack for nearly three years . It has gone everywhere with me for work , not to mentioned three weeks in Baton Rouge & New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina . It has been across the country and more via plane & automobile.With all it has been thru , it still is in great shape.Would highly recommend and I am thinking about retiring my current one and purchasing a new one .
 Caracteristicas que lo hacen excelente : - Espacioso . - Ligero - Protege el laptop - Duradero.Tal y como siempre se han categorizado los productos de TARGUS.EXCELENTE
 First of all , make sure that the product you are considering matches the one of this review . For some reason , Amazon tends to mix up reviews between items that have similar keywords . This is a review for the 15.4 Gravity backpack made by Targus.Design : It 's color looked a bit weird to me from the images , but after opening it , I actually quite liked the overall color . It 's fabric seems to be quite sturdy as well , and the insides and outsides are made of standard nylon.Build : The laptop compartment was able to fit my 14 inch Alienware m14x , so it is quite large to my satisfaction . There is also a bit of room outside of the fold but in the same pocket for chargers and such . The secondary pocket is also quite large as well . I 'm confident it could probably fit a textbook , notebooks , and pretty much any other kind of school materials . The other smaller pockets also provide pretty much the standard features of other backpacks . One of the top rated reviews actually addresses the concern about Targus ' design change , and Amazon 's product images do not reflect this . I suggest going to the official Targus website to see if it fits your needs . One change was the side pockets , but I never use those anyways so luckily it the change did not affect me.Weight : My laptop is VERY heavy , much heavier than standard laptops due to its more better hardware . Yet when I put it in my backpack , it seemed much lighter than I expected . Apparently it incorporates an `` ergonomic '' design and such . Not sure how much that actually impacts this , but I think I could carry quite a few things in this comfortably.I plan to use this regularly for college , as I wanted something to carry both a laptop as well as my papers . Looking at it now , I 'm confident it can meet all of my needs . I will update after I use it a while at my university .
 My husband purchased this backpack for his work laptop and used it for over a year . Once he upgraded to a different computer , he got a new bag and passed this one on to our 11-year-old son . He then used it for 5th and 6th grade . My little guy can be rough on school supplies . We 've yet to find a expandable binder that will last more than four months . They tend to some home in pieces.After two years this laptop bag has barely a scratch on it . The zippers are in working order , nothing is fraying . It is standing up well to my destructive son . Well worth the money paid for it . I anticipate it to last another year at least and beyond .
 Lo compre para un viaje de vacaciones y he abusado de su capacidad sin que tenga inconvenientes . Me gust&oacute; muchisimo y es muy funcional . Lo recomiendo ampliamente . El tiempo de entrega fue menor de lo que yo esperaba y su calidad , como dije , aguanta muy bien
 From a product quality standpoint , I give this pack a 5-star rating.I 've used this pack every workday for over a year . It holds my laptop , work clothes , and lunch . I 'm a year-round , daily bicycle commuter , so the backpack has seen some weather and occasional grimy conditions.The pack has held up quite well . There is no sign of any fatigue , stress or wear at any of the normal backpack wear-points . There are no seams anywhere -LRB- inside , outside , shoulder straps , waist belt -RRB- that are showing any sign of break-down . The zippers are all holding up very well - even the zipper pulls are all still rock-solid . I do n't clean the external surfaces , but the pack seems to stay pretty clean.The pack gets an overall 4.5-star rating and I `` ding '' it only for the layout . Given the stated use -LRB- to carry my work laptop , clothes , and lunch sack -RRB- , I 'd prefer a larger main compartment and would probably prefer to lose -LRB- or have otherwise incorporated -RRB- the extra outside `` hanging '' pouch . By the time I load it and strap it on for my ride , it 's sticking `` out there '' - so not the most streamlined look , if you worry about that kind of thing . At times , to get/stow everything at the beginning/end of the work day means messing with 4-6 separate compartments/zippers . But when I stick with `` a place for everything and everything in its place '' , it all works out.All-in-all , I 've been quite pleased with this pack .
 This is a great backpack . I bought it for a trip to Palm Springs I took this summer . The backpack looks great and has a lot of room inside each compartment . The zippers seem well made and durable . I have only had the backpack for a couple of months but it is now my every day pack to bring to work . I have had no issues so far at all and could not be happier with my purchase .
 I got this backpack for college based on positive customer reviews . It 's worth your buck ! As the my title suggests , this backpack has served me well for 3 years . So far , it shows no signs of giving in even after reasonably heavy wear . The only issue my backpack had was a hitch in the small side pocket after several months , although not many others seem to have reported this problem .
 Overall , I am happy with the purchase . I am a geology major and tend to carry a lot of heavy textbooks and lab manuals . At any given time I have thirty pounds or more in the bag.Pros
 One of the best purchases I 've ever made.I bought this bag back in February 2006 and I still use it . It has many compartment to hold all sorts of things . It fits my big computer , in fact it can hold 2 computers at a time . My boyfriend has used it to go backpacking through Asia a couple times . All the zippers still work.I would not recommend this as a backpacking bag because it does n't have a very good distribution of weight or waist straps as a real backpacking backpack would . In other words , you can make this bag very heavy and then it would be uncomfortable to carry for long periods of time.But it is perfect as a computer bag / book bag .
 You can stuff it and stuff it and there is still room . I am a forestry student and I love the way I can put everything I need for all my classes in one bag . The 2 side pockets are awesome for my GPS extra batteries , whatever . I can go on and on but this is the bag you need . And once loaded -LRB- heavy -RRB- it is still comfortable on the shoulder due to the great padding on the straps . And the price is 1/2 of the other brands with less room ... I am so glad I read reviews on this one before I bought it . .
 I ride a motorcycle almost every day ... 14-15k / miles a year . About 75 % of the time , I have this backpack . It does n't cramp , does n't swing around , and holds a LOT . I do , however , have a couple of complaints : There are extra ` compression ' buckles to make the backpack seem smaller . However , they 're useless and flap around when you 're going 70mph . I folded them inside the bag . There is also a waist strap that is too much of a pain . I folded it up and stuck the excess into side pockets -LRB- you do n't even notice it -RRB- . . you know , I might as well cut them off.It has 3 main pockets . I 'd prefer the small ` laptop ' pocket left alone -LRB- room for a laptop or a little more -RRB- and the other two combined into one huge pocket .
 I have purchased a 15 '' Widescreen laptop a few months back and was looking for something new to carry the computer in . I previously used a computer carrying case , but felt this was limiting how much other stuff I could carry . With a rebate on Amazon available , this backpack was very attractive to buy . I went ahead , and I ca n't be happier . Again , I just wanted something to carry extra stuff in , and this provides many extra pockets and storage locations . Other people may have more specific needs than I , but if you just need something comfortable for carrying a laptop -LRB- up to 15 '' -RRB- and a few other things , then this backpack is perfect .
 I bought this bag to carry my laptop overseas and hopefully still have room for a few other things so i wouldnt have to use check in 's . and its a great bag ! hold all my gear . I work over seas on a drilling rig and keep most of my clothes on the rig so this lil beauty works great for transporting all of my things in one place
 This review is for the Targus RG0322 15.4 Matrix pack , just so no one gets confused . I would recommend this pack to anyone who has to carry a laptop for any length of time . It is large enough to pack so much stuff into that it becomes difficult to carry . I can even fit in my gym outfit -LRB- including clothes , shoes , towel and water bottle -RRB- . It is not for hiking as it lacks a chest strap and the side pockets are way to small for water bottles . They are just the right size for a lock for your gym locker , however . I like the cell phone pocket on the front and the additional D-ring for hanging other accessories . The headphone port is also nice , and the number of pockets is more than adequate . I do n't have enough stuff to put in all the pockets ! the handle is nice and sturdy and does n't bite into your hand.The only complaint that I have about this pack is I think there should be a stronger partition in between the laptop pocket and the rest of the bag . It should be some kind of hard plastic rather than the padded cloth that is there now.Also , I like riding my motorcycle to work but the shoulder and girth straps are just a little bit too short . Which makes it a challenge to get it on over top my motorcycle jacket .
 I spent a long time looking for a bag like this one . I am very happy with it . It holds my laptop , a few books for college , along with space for other odds and ends . I find the side pockets are perfect for my cords and power supply . Another important item is it will stay upright when you set it down either full to the max , or lightly loaded .
 I bought this to replace a company suppled laptop case - and I am very glad I did . Walking to and from the bus was a chore . Now I feel like I am working a lot less . Plus it holds way more than the other case . It holds as much as a backpack - in addition to the laptop area . Plenty of pockets for glasses , walkman etc. .
 Bought it with the HP zv6100 series . Has plenty of storage for pretty much everything . The only negative thing I can say about the pack is that with a 15.4 '' laptop it is a very tight fit . The velcro closure strap securing the laptop in place should be about an inch longer for better fitment . Otherwise it rests nice on your back and its very adjustable .
 Very functional , a great deal of space , well organized . Effective for both work and travel and great ergonomics .
 This is the third Targus RG0318 backpack I have purchased on Amazon -LRB- Lower price than any other merchant I researched online -RRB- . The first one lasted three years before it was run over and dragged by a car . If not for that , it might still be in service . The zippers failed on the second one after only a year and a half . I purchased a third one because , it has the best storage features of any backpack I have seen . As someone else noted in their review , this version has the same model number as the first two I owned but is physically very diffrent inside and out but , it still works for me . Amazon should change the picture on their website . You can view the actual version you will recieve by going to the Targus website . If you need the exact features of the one shown on Amazon 's website you will be disappointed when it arrives . I 'm pretty hard on my backpacks and hope this one holds up as long as my first one minus being dragged by a car . Actually , it was still usable after the car dragged it but , it looked pretty battered .
 I bought this backpack for myself . It has lot of space and my good for travel .
 It is perfect to carry the laptop on trips , not for a daily use is you do not need to carry lot of things .
 Purchase bag for both laptop and books . This bag has more compartments that you will probably every use or need . But that is great . It big , spacious , light and stylish . It 's the perfect bag .
 The Only Thing is I wish it had Tie Downs to Tighten The Pockets That Are n't Full
 This is an excellent backpack for any high schooler . i have used this bag for the past 3 years . it has been graffitied , cut -LRB- my friend thought taking a knife to my bag would be a great idea -RRB- , and beaten , and it still works perfectly . it provides excellent protection for your laptop and books , even if it takes a heavy beating . it can handle the heaviest loads -LRB- ive had it filled with 60 lbs of water bottles -RRB- . i have never had any trouble with the zippers or shoulder straps . the material is durable and can take some serious abuse . this bag is great and i would recommend it to anyone .
 I have had the bag for over a year now and take I with me on the weekends . The bag will pack a weekend worth of cloths , the computer and my other gadgets . The bag has been holding up great . I would buy again .
 This bag is perfect for what I needed . It has 2 main compartments so I can keep binders/books for different classes seperate . Also , the laptop slot is well suspended to absorb the energy from when you `` set '' the bag down harder than you realized .
 This Targus laptop back pack has been a great piece of equipment for me so far , traveling with me as my `` hands free '' laptop carrier as I fly around the world . Not done yet , but if this is like my other Targus products from the past , it should pass the tests with flying colors . Thank you very much .
 All in all I have to say I really do like this bag . I picked it up for work for the specific reason that I got tired of a messenger style bag dragging on one shoulder for a mile walk to wrok . For this purpose , it has been spectacular . The obvious reason , it 's a back pack . It spreads the weight much more effectively than a typical laptop bag making things far easier on your shoulders and back.The bag has tons of space inside it which is excellent . It holds my 15 inch laptop without problem and if I wanted to I could probably put another laptop in the secondary pocket . Outside that , there are pockets and mesh netting spaced all over the bag so that you can put whatever you need to wherever you want . As I travel for work every single week , this is an ideal bag for me . One thing to keep in mind , if the bag is packed too tightly it WILL NOT fit under a standard airplane seat . I typically travel very light , so I have no problem with this , but something to keep in mind for other travelers.The bag also does a pretty good job of keeping the rain out as I 've made a few trips while it is raining . It 's certainly not waterproof , no bag is , but it has kept my stuff pretty darn dry even in quite a downpour.All in all , a great bag .
 Very functional , a great deal of space , well organized . Effective for both work and travel and great ergonomics .
 I bought this laptop backpack for my son as a Christmas present . His band `` Brazil '' -LRB- braziltheband.com -RRB- is on the road most of the year . This product has become his away from home office . The backpack is padded so your laptop always travels safely and there 's plenty of room for portable office supplies -LRB- pens , paper , envelopes , stamps , etc. -RRB- There are backpacks that are a lot more expensive , but this one has been extremely durable . If you travel a lot , I would highly recommend this product .
 This is an extremely value for money laptop back pack . It has lots of space and very sturdy construction . A lot of pockets to fit in extra stuff.It is far better than those traditional laptop bags and those expensive back packs .
 This bag is wonderful -LRB- Targus RG0318 15.4 Gravity Backpack -RRB- . It fits all of my school books and supplies , my laptop , my big purse , and not to mention all the other random things I have in there.I 've had it for over 5 years now and it still looks brand new - I have used it nearly everyday and it has traveled well on many plane rides -LRB- it fits nicely under the seat in front of you so you do n't have to try to put it in the top cargo area -RRB-
 I use this backpack to carry my laptop , books , shoes , lunch , gym clothes , etc. to work and school every day . I was in a motorcyle accident where I rolled five or six times , and the backpack held up . I used it for another year and a half afterwards . It finally gave up the ghost because a zipper that had taken damage in the accident finally broke . I promptly bought another one.Quick Tip
 purchased my bag some 10 months back ... Pros . . - has a lot of room to keep my dell Inspiron 6000 laptop comfortably . - the shoulder straps really divide the load & prevent the straps from cutting in the shoulder . - the middle pocket can easily keep two large books in it . - many pockets to securly keep all your stuff . - the side pocket is good for keeping the laptop adapterCons . . - no water bottle holder . . the side pockets can only hold a small water bottle or can - the mesh pockets near the side pockets are not of much use.inspite of the cons , the bag is a good deal & i would recommend it for people who have two carry their notebook as well as a few other textbooks as well as their lunch with them .
 It is a very nice backpack there is a lot of space there ; three -LRB- + -RRB- compartment , all your papers , your laptop and lunch can be there without touching each other . Two things that I do not like and do not make this backpak the perfect one for me . 1 . I would prefer to have a water bottle holder instead of one of the pocket on the side -LRB- specially in Florida -RRB- , using the backpack I saw that I needed it . 2 . The front pocket is big enough to put anything in it but it is kind of separate from the backpack so it is always a problem to take it from the lockers because it always get stuck and you have to be very careful to no damage it.Overall this is a very nice backpack .
 It 's so light and comfortable.It 's the best notebook backpack ever I known
 Well worth the money for a backpack that does not kill your back . Not only is it comfortable , but it also feels very durable and comes with a lifetime warranty.The padding for the laptop could be better , but I think this is the best deal I could have hoped for .
 I needed a back pack with space for everything and that 's what I got . I like the simplicity of this bag .
 I thought this back is just black and normal design.However , My friend said it look good.and this back is strong and capacity is really big.I did not find any problem from this bag .
 Excellent product , exactly what I needed , not too big and not too short for 15 ' laptops .
 A great backpack that offers a lot of space and comfort . Perfect for college students .
 It is very good . . I can bring many thing . . a laptop , 3 books , and more ... Made in China is very very good ~ ! I like this
 Es un super backpack , puedo lleavar absolutamente todas mis cosas . Libros , cuadernos , documentos , celular , IPAQ , Laptop , boligrafos , etc.Muy como de llevar
 So far so good . I use if for business travel , mostly overnight and back trips . The compartmentalization is well thought-out . I am able to pack an extra shirt and slacks as well as my personal items without difficulty . Really helps speed through the security lines.I like having the computer storage area in the inner most compartment -LRB- against my back -RRB- instead of in one of the outermost compartments like some of competitive products . Overall , it is a good product for the price .
 I love this backpack . I bought one six years ago and used it to carry my laptop all through grad school . It 's quite robust and has lots of pockets for carrying books , mouse , cords and cables , and other accoutrements . I use it as my carry-on bag whenever I fly , and it has plenty of room for anything I might need during the flight . I finally had to buy a replacement a few months ago when the main zipper broke , though I blame myself for this because I often picked it up by one of the back straps instead of the carrying handle . There 's nothing else in the price range that is remotely as good as this model .
 This is a great bag . It is very comfortable and has a lot of space to fit almost anything for school or if you 're traveling . I 've used it many times for my laptop and have never had any problems .
 I 've had this backpack for going on 2 years now , and it is still in excellent condition . The straps show no sign of tearing and there is only the very lightest fraying on some of the edges . It has also proven to be remarkably water resistant ; good for rainy treks across campus . I could n't be more pleased with the quality , and will buy from Targus again . It has lots of good pockets for students , without being overly complicated or cumbersome . Over my school career , this is my favorite bag . RECOMMENDED .
 I have been using this bag for a few years now while going to school . I carry a Dell Inspiron 6000 laptop in it and it fits fine . One of the main pocket zippers separates sometimes -LRB- happened about 5 times in two years -RRB- . Would be nice if there was a pocket to carry a water bottle .
 this is a great backpack . its great for high schoolers with laptops . plenty of storage space . works great . i love it
 this backpack is way better than i thought it would be . more room that expected , easy access , wide pockets and more pockets than i thought too.a great buy for anyone who needs to carry a lot of stuff .
 Targus Laptop Backpack is of excellent quality.It fits my HP 15.4 inch Wide Screen laptop perfectly well.There are plenty of pockets in the first and the second section.Overall a good value buy .
 bought it for my husband who is a marine biologist and its rather useful as to all it can carry and how comfortable it feels
 Good product . Could be better organized . The pockets need more closures or zippers .
 Very good bag for being on the road with your notebook or even just for hicking . Would have been nicer if the front compartment could totally detach though - actually thought it did . Also very good for students in High school or the University . Caryy your notebook and school books all at once , with your MP3 Player . Has nice exit for headphones whilst player can stay in the bag front pouch .
 This backpack bag is very well made and has many interior compartments . It is ergonomic and thus , gives a feel of even distribution of weight . Overall , its a good buy .
 This backpack has served all the purposes I 've hoped for . It 's large enough to carry all of my law books as well as my 15.4-inch computer . I 'm a little worried about it 's lack of waterproofing because of the rain , but otherwise , a great backpack .
 ... because its like the Energizer bunny.I originally bought this in 2005 when I went back to school to finish up my degree . For three years I carried it across a pretty good sized campus with TWO laptops in it , my personal laptop -LRB- 16 '' -RRB- for my programming classes , and my work laptop -LRB- 15 '' -RRB- . The last two of these it also functioned as my office when we converted to a 100 % mobility solution at work . My wife now uses it for her laptop when we travel . I would still be using it except I now have a 17 '' personal laptop and a 15 inch work unit . They both fit in it , but I have to put the 17 '' in the second compartment -- the zipper wo n't close if I put it where it belongs . Unfortunately , this is the one that needs to be protected better -LRB- the work unit is hardened -RRB- . About a week after I got the bag , I bumped the back of it against a piece of sharp metal , which cut a bit of the nylon mesh over the padding that sits between you and the bag . 7 years later that cut is still the same size , and has n't caused any problems.Two years ago I bought a Swiss Gear bag that is `` TSA Friendly '' and would fit my laptop . It is falling apart and I am shopping right now for a replacement . I WANT a 17 '' version of THIS BAG ! The closest I can get appears to be the 17 '' CityGear . I could say that if I ever went down below a 17 '' laptop I would by this bag again , except the one I already have still has lots of miles in it.In the 6 years I 've had this bag I never ran out of space , even when it was my mobile office . When I went camping with the scouts I would always take this bag , as I could keep two days of clothes in it as well as my laptop and power supplies -LRB- I wore 3XL shirts and 50 '' jeans back then -RRB- . And , it NEVER got wet on the inside , even in torrential downpours.Just by this sucker , you wo n't be disappointed !
 It has enough space to put in your laptop , some college books and even more . However it is the right size for those who like a big backpack and carry many stuff to school or job . I have it for few month and I never had problem with it .
 The quality is amazing ! It hold way more than I can physically carry !! I love it !! : Dits got lots of pockets all over and its just perfect !
 My dad bought me this backpack when I was a junior in high school . I graduated in 2005 and I 'm still using it . There has been no issues with tears or fraying , it is in the EXACT same condition it was when he bought it.I used it all through high school and am using it for college . It has had 50 + lbs of textbooks , notebooks , laptop , etc. and still looks brand new . The straps and back are padded just enough to give relief , but not be bulky . I 've also used it when I travel . It looks about the size of a regular backpack but it can expand to fit just about anything you want to put in it.The price seems expensive , but it 's worth it . It 's a high quality product that I would recommend to anyone who is in school , weather they have a laptop or not .
 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- Two months with this bag an it 's still getting me to school . I have n't had any reliability issues.The good :1 -RRB- It 'll hold everything . I carry so many books to school I used to carry a backpack and a laptop case . Now I just have this bag .2 -RRB- Big straps to hold the load .3 -RRB- Lots of compartments to help devide up and secure the stuff .4 -RRB- Padded backThe Bad :1 -RRB- Laptop sits between your back and your load . It 's padded , but this does n't stop the weight of the load from resting on your computer . It should be a hard case .2 -RRB- Big straps that are too wide to leave much room for flexibility in the arms .3 -RRB- Useless little mesh pockets .4 -RRB- Dividers are n't removable.Thanks for readingEDIT -LRB- Nov 2006 -RRB-
 I bought this backpack to allow myself to travel around my college campus and keep all my books and supplies with me . This bag is more than up to the challenge.It will carry 3 2 '' 3-ring binders , 3 textbooks , 1 lab manual , 1 personal book , an endless barrage of cables , cords , and accessories for my computer , pens , pencils , and just about everything you could possibly need . The front flap is elasticized , which makes it very convenient for carrying thin , light-weight items like the daily paper , or a spiral notebook . Targus recommends this space for a jacket , but I feel that this space is a bit small , especially in colder climates.One word of caution , however . The bag will hold a large load , but be careful not to carry too much , as this bag can probably hold more than most people can carry .
 I had been carrying my notebook computer in a standard notebook case -LRB- not a backpack -RRB- and began deciding to leave my notebook at home instead of deal with the discomfort of carrying it through an airport or large building . Someone recommended that I try a Targus backpack , and I have not regretted switching a bit.The RG0322 Matrix is a great Backpack . The shoulder straps are well padded and distribute the weight very well . There is plenty of room inside to hold everything I need to carry with me , while not causing my arms to ache after a short walk with it.I know people with other brands of notebook bags that have had problems with zippers coming apart . The zippers on this bag seem to be very durable , and after using it for about 6 months I have no complaints with the quality of construction.When traveling on quick overnight trips the bag is roomy enough to carry my notebook and all it 's accessories , any paperwork I need for business meetings , clothes and toiletries . It would n't replace a suitcase for a long trip , but for the quick overnighter , this is not a bad bag.I thought I would feel uncomfortable replacing my ` briefcase style ' notebook bag with a backpack . I was concerned that it might not look as business-like as it could . After I bought the Targus backpack I started noticing how many other business travelers also carried notebook backpacks , and realized my concerns were wrong.The Targus Matrix backpack is a great product at a reasonable price . If I had to go back and do it again , I would buy the same thing .
 NOTE on the interface first
 Excellent features and excellent price for a cavernous back pack . Good padding around the laptop and accomodates widescreen 15.4 '' laptops . There is enough space/compartments for your PDA , cellular phone , sunglasses and books . Not to mention your MP3 player , plug , batteries and CDs . Even if you do n't own a laptop , it makes a very good bookbag . Styling is very good Targus has taken over the market for accessories and is a very good company . There is a link to get additional free things also for your bag :[ ... -RSB- This is an excellent bag that is comfortable and usable . A limited lifetime warranty is also a plus .
 Like the title says , I 've had this for 6-7 years and it 's been through 3-4 countries -LRB- checked in , not carried on -RRB- . Since it 's old , I 've been particularly abusive with it and it 's still good as new . I 'm amazed that it 's lasted this long when other laptop backpacks have fallen apart within a year or two . As much as I 'd like an excuse to get another laptop bag , this thing will not break .
 Pros : Great PriceHigh qualityMany small pocketsCons : Divider may add the backpack weightNo a bottle holderthe little cd backpack has only one connector in front . It should has two connectorIt is a good Backpack . This backpack can hold my two textbooks with 1,000 + pages each . Also , I carry my notebook around . It perfectly fits with Dell Inspiron 1150 . The only disadvantage that I found is that there is no bottle pocket . You can only hold a can but not a bottle .
 I really like this bag - I bought it to use for college , which I have just recently started . It holds just about everything I could possibly need , my laptop , my graphics tablet , my books , et cetera.This bag is not without its flaws , however . As previously stated in many other reviews , there is no place to hold a water bottle . Another flaw in its design is the fact that there are so many small pockets ! These pockets ca n't hold more than a few things , so you spread your small items throughout them , and then when you need something are forced to hunt through half a dozen tiny pockets filled with small objects to look for your flash drive , or your keys , or a tampon or whatever else you put in there . One last flaw
 its very light ... very small in size ... fits exactly in your palmhas a great resolution ... stores movie directly in MPG format ... easy to use ... no hassles in charging and other things ... so a perfect handycam
 Great bag , I use it on my trips and works great . Fits my laptop , a book , cables and mouse and 2 days clothes and still there 's more space available . It needs a bottle bag . I 'm a 6 ' 1 '' guy 210 # and it looks good size for me .
 Wow . I was just browsing my purchases from 2004 and realized that I bought this backpack that long ago ! In the years since , this bag has safely transported a number of sensitive electronic devices not only all over the country but also to several destinations in Europe ! It 's strong , versatile , resists tears and stains . There are more pockets than you would believe and I often `` lose '' things in there because I 've forgotten that a stash pocket even exists ! The padded back compartment is ideal for laptops up to about 16 inches.These days I 've sized down on my gadgets - though I have more of them ! My netbook easily fits in the rear compartment along with my Kindle and other electronics , even with them all housed in their own individual protective pouches . Needless to say , I still use this bag for traveling.This has been a great purchase . I recently gave my old laptop to my step-daughter and my husband asked me if I was going to giver her this bag as well . I looked at him like he was crazy ! Let her get her own bag ! This one is MINE ! : -RRB-
 I ordered this bag about a year ago for a friend . We were deployed and in that time it 's very easy to accumulate lots of little gadgets and what nots . This bag is every thing that it seems and then some . There is more storage than a little bit and I now plan to order one for myself.The slot for the laptop is sits between you bak and a front compartment for more storage so it is more than secure . And to keep everything organized we use the side pockets for the cords for all the devices tat we wrap up before placing in . I initially thought that the backup was a little overpriced but now I think that it is well worth every penny . There is more storage than anyone could ask for and he now uses it when traveling . The backup can be used for so many different things that it is a good buy for anyone ; students , bike riders , frequent fliers . I am honestly amazed that the bag has even lasted as long as it has . Quality bag , ample storage , sturdy and well worth the buy . I will no wstick with this brand of bags because I know the product will be worth the deal .
 started using it about 1 month ago ... simply like it ... its very spacious and good for students ...
 I go to school part time and I bought this to carry books and laptop when I go to school . This bag has a lot of room . So far it is holding the weight well . I only use it once a week . I use a different carrying case for daily use since I do n't have to carry so much of stuff . This is a nice travel bag . I will not like to use it daily unless I have so much stuff to carry every day .
 I am a 5th grade teacher and wanted a backpack substantial enough to carry my laptop and a bunch of papers . This backpack is perfect for that . It has a solid bottom that allows the pack to stay upright , even when empty . It 's got lots of pockets and plenty of places for me to put , and even categorize my assignments that need correcting . It 's an easy wear too . No more slinging a laptop case over my shoulder and giving me neck pain . I would definitely recommend it if you need a large backpack that is high-quality .
 TheTargus RG0318 15.4 Gravity Backpackis a very nice bag , particularly for those with notebooks and the need to transport a lot of additional books and papers . In that way the bag is slightly superior to theTargus CVR600 15.4 Groove Notebook Backpackby the same company . In terms of price this backpack slightly more than the Groove , which is the * low cost * solution of quality bags . Some of the important extras included with this one , including a dedicated notebook section in the back and larger storage capacity , will make this one worth it for many people.The PositivesFor starters , this is not only for laptop use . The dedicated pouch in the back has a removable padded laptop sleeve that does make it ideal for laptops , but you can clearly use if only for books or papers if you prefer . And either way , when it comes to storage this thing is REALLY well thought out . I find that I can store many more items in this guy than in my Groove.A 17 inch laptop is probably too big for this , though you * might * be able to squeeze it in to the padded sleeve with some modifications . Really , this is made for 15 inch laptops and will easily accommodate some of the newer 16 inch widescreens as well.The notebook area also includes a mesh pocket that provides a small area to collect those laptop extras , like a cable lock or wireless mouse.And the main compartment also has a separate divider to help you organize your papers . And the front pockets have many dividers and smaller compartments , certainly more than the Groove . So there are a lot of good things to love about this bag.The BadSo why did I get the Groove if I love this one so much ? Well , the Groove is cheaper so I bought it on sale as an extra . Just for information , I have used this one for over 3 years and the Groove for about 1 . The grey and black color of this one certainly does n't look as attractive as the simple black of the Groove.The arms do n't have an extra supporting clip like many newer bags and are the traditional straight design , not as ergonomic . Also , after 1 year of use the edges of the seams started to fray a lot . My bag still works though , I just use it less these days.ConclusionAt the right price this can be a good value and a handy extra unit to have around . If you need maximum storage capacity it 's worth the extra cash compared to the Groove . Definitely check it out.Enjoy !
 I bought this backpack to take with me on a plane . I received in the advertised shipping time . It was well protected in a box inside its original Targus plastic case in Excellent condition.The bag has 4 main compartments . The most rear one is for your up to -LRB- 15.4 '' -RRB- laptop . I have a 12 '' laptop and it fits in horizontally . In the next -LRB- main -RRB- compartment . You can fit up to 6-8 text books if tou can handle the weight . Those two compartments are perfectly partitioned from the inside so that your stuff are well held in their place.The other two compartments is a 3rd one for your magazines and your important documents or maybe a notebook . The foremost one is a small compartment for your ipod , mobile phone , change , passport , wallet etc. . . It 's very well partitioned and serves the purpose.There are two side pockets that I can think of a dozen ways to use them.There are three mesh -LRB- easy-access -RRB- pockets -LRB- on both sides and on the front -RRB- that you can just throw in some items real fast like your mobile phone or some change and get access to them very easily.There is a fifth hidden pocket in front in the middle that you can keep important docs/stuff in.And yes the Targus logo is where you pass your earphones for your mobile phone or iPod through.It 's easy to carry though I notices that to carry it on one shoulder I have to use only one shoulder strap because both straps are far apart -LRB- for ergonomic reasons -RRB- that makes it impossible to group together on one shoulder so it 's designed to be carried on the Back hence the name ` BackPack ' . The handle on the top is very useful to just grab the bag and go.It 's nice looking and it 's a hell of a value for money for only $ 25 + $ 7 shipping to NY from Tiger Direct.I am very happy with this purchase and I highly recommend it for those who need to carry other items beside their laptops . And the best thing about it is that unlike other backpacks they did n't waste too much space in the laptop compartment and saved all the space for the 2nd main compartment where your books and other stuff go and that 's a smart move from Targus .
 Picked this up for my 14 '' notebook . Pleasant surprised as I opened the package . It is not bluish as would show on the pictures . The whole backpack is metallic black with black highlights . This is one nice looking backpack living up to the name matrix.Would recommend it to anyone . Very light weight the straps are well designed , barely feeling any weight once I put it on my back , with laptop , accessories , books , phone , ipod , etc. I recommend this to anyone . Well worth it ! Do n't buy the cheap stuff @ $ 30 . Spend a little more and get this . The Nylon material is very good compared to the ones they use for $ 30 bags . Some of you want polyester but seriously you need waterproof for notebook bags -- this is the bag you get .
 I 've had this bag for a month now . I ca n't see how you could make a bag that is n't bulky yet provides the kind of space this one does . I use this to carry my laptop on my bike to work as well as a rain cape , coat , cables , and other various items . It has lots of pockets in which I have found a great use for . For instance I keep my combination lock for the gym in one of the side pockets and a digital tire pressure checker for my bike in the other . I keep my entry badge for the building in which I work inside yet another pocket . There 's so many little things I can put in this bag as well as so many big things ... including my laptop which is great . It does get a bit heavy at times but it does the job and I ca n't imagine that this bag would have anti-gravity features as well without a significant price increase :-RRB- Now . . the addition of a rocket pack would be even better .
 I 've had one of these for several years , and we just bought a second one . It is very durable and the layout is very convenient . There are lots of compartments and pockets for easy organization .
 It 's not often you buy something twice . Frankly , most products just are n't that good , or they 're no longer available by the tie you need another one.This one 's different.Teens today carry a lot of books in school and have little time to visit lockers between classes . I 've picked up my two sons ' backpacks , and they weigh a ton ! I bought this model 2.5 years ago for my older son . After his 9th and 10th year of school , the zipper tore out . I contacted Targus and they replaced it , under warranty , after I shipped the first one back.So when his younger brother needed a new backpack , I was thrilled to find this model still available . This appears to be the largest backpack made , as well as the sturdiest , and certainly with the most effective warranty . If you need room -LRB- in high school the books are fat -RRB- , look for `` depth '' and not just height x width alone . I found plenty of packs to accommodate wide-screen laptops , but none with the depth of this model . It has a number of useful pockets and zipper sections inside . More organization is better.The only drawback , if you can call it that , is that it comes in one color . We tied a kerchief onto the new one , so we do n't mix the two up.I may get one of these for myself . Got ta get another handkerchief .
 My daughter was due for a new book bag for high school , we went on line and this was the best bang for our buck and it has a lifetime warranty . When it arrived we were ecstatic at the quality and the way the bag was built . It has more than enough room for all the things she carries too and from school .
 When I flew Calif. & Fla. , I used the backpack . It not only carried my heavy laptop -LRB- Gateway MD7818u -RRB- and its accessories , but a full change of clothes , sandals , bathing suit , -LRB- in case my lugge was lost -RRB- and GPS unit along with a weighted dashboard mount which added to the weight . Even with all the weight , the backpack was comfortable on my back and shoulders . It is extremely well made , sturdy and roomy .
 This is the only backpack from the Targus extensive product list that I found worthy as a successor to my previous Targus CDDB1 backpack . Probably due to the lighting , this product does n't look very black as pictured , but it really is fairly dark , a definite plus in my books . There 's ample room for my widescreen 15 '' MacBook Pro . The flaws are minor
 The design is very well done , the number of divisions help to maintain the stuff a bit more organized . It is light and comfortable , the external small pockets are a good addition.It is the best backpack I have had .
 There is a pocket for everything . You can carry cables , a mouse , power supply , notepads , pens , portable/external drives , an MP3 player/IPOD and have room for keys and other extras too . I have a Dell XPS 15.4 laptop and it fits even with its special protective sleeve . Well padded and easy on the shoulders . Use the online `` Will it fit '' to ensure proper sizing for your laptop .
 This is a great backup there is lots of room for stuff , i think i fit a laptop , two notebooks , and some small things like folders and paper , it was heavy but it did n't rip.My back gets kinda warm wearing this backup.I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for a laptop backpack , its even cheaper now then when i got it.Update
 this backpack has met my needs very well . Has great room and great pocket size for travel . different placement for pc would be nice but not necessary . would be nice to have a separate place for pc chord . Over all very pleased with this product
 In my office we go through cartridges on a fairly regular basis . The Xerox toner is one of my `` go to '' items ... I 'm extremely happy with the product !
 cheap , works great , color coded . and fit my car great . fit a 1998 oldsmobile.suburb ! its a great deal at this price , andi would reccomend to anyone .
 Easy to read instructions on the packaging itself -LRB- i.e. do n't destroy the plastic packaging when you open it -RRB- . Was able to wire it into a Pioneer head unit and plugged right in to the Buick 's stock plug . Please note - the Buick -LRB- if not all GM 's ? -RRB- require an FM Antenna adapter -LRB- it 's about 1/2 the size of a normal antenna plug -RRB- .
 Wire harness , worked like it 's supposed to . Plugs into the car 's harness like a champ . Pure awesome in blue plastic and wire .
 Product was as described and worked great . The wires were even color for color to the radio harness I got with the new radio . Makes installation much easier .
 im satisfied . worked perfect with my 2001 oldsmobile intrigue . I have to write twenty words ... stering wheel volume control doesnt work . im sure if i wanted to make it work i could rewire it to my head unit , but F that .
 Made simple work for installing -LRB- my model # on box was XHD6425 , not XHD6420 -LRB- & iquest ;-RRB- -RRB- : Dual XHD6420 4X50 Watt Hd Radio and Mp3/WMA PlayerDual Bluetooth Hands-Free Module - Built-In Mic with Visor MountNOTE
 I bought this to install a Kenwood stereo in a 2000 Oldsmobile Alero . It fits perfectly and works well for much less than the car audio shop charges .
 Good battery life and perfectly compatible with my Minolta DiMAGE G500 . Car charger adapter was a nice bonus .
 I have this A/V receiver paired with JBL E30 front satellites , JBL E C35 center , JBL E N24AWII for surrounds and JBL E250P sub.This receiver is great ! I use it 60 % for listening to music -LRB- stereo -RRB- and 40 % for a surround home theater system for movies.This unit is very versatile , able to program different input connections , the ability to change zones for 2 sets of front speakers -LRB- same room or different zone -RRB- , in addition the great programmable remote that can change your TV , Digital CBL box , and its own settings all at once . It also sounds great with many different surround programs to choose from , along with a processor bypass mode for stereo . The YPAO automated system is also very easy to use to set up your system to sound great -LRB- almost -RRB- ! I would have given this 5 stars , but I found that the YPAO system crossed over my front satellites speakers to high and the surround speakers where a little soft -LRB- to quiet -RRB- . But it took me about 10 minutes to figure out how to go through all the speaker settings manually -LRB- using the YPAO settings as a base -RRB- and slightly tweak them to my liking . The system sounded good with the automated settings , but sounds even better now that I have made these changes.Bottom line - Yamaha makes great A/V receivers , I doubt you will find one as versatile and easy to use that sounds this good for the price . Buy this receiver , after you get is setup you will be happy with your purchase . This is the same model as HTR-5660 , now look for new Yamaha models RX-V659 and HTR5960 .
 shipment of my order was a bit longer than expected but it was worth the wait.the yamaha rx-v757 has great permormance
 Use WD for all your HD needs!I did n't need anything big and I 'm happy.Good construction , quiet , and runs fast .
 Pros : - Excellent audio and video performances - Mounts to Apple 's LCD and notebook displays - Excellent built quality -LRB- aluminum-alloy construction -RRB- - Beautiful design - Supports AOL , . Mac , Rendezvous -LRB- all via iChat AV -RRB- , and Yahoo! via Yahoo! Messenger for OS XCons : - Very expensive - Adhesive mounting kit for LCD display - No video chat for MSN -LRB- which is Microsoft 's fault , but still -RRB- - Does not include video capture application - Works only on Mac OS X -LRB- at least for now -RRB- - iChat AV costs extra -LRB- beta which expires on 12/31/2003 is free -RRB- for OS X 10.2 `` Jaguar '' users -LRB- included with OS X 10.3 `` Panther '' at no cost , however -RRB- Apple 's iSight is among the most expensive webcam out there . If you are heavily into video conferencing , however , the decision should be no brainer . iSight is THE webcam to own.First of all , iSight is one of the few webcams to use FireWire 400 bus . FireWire not only provides plenty of bandwidth for VGA quality video and audio -LRB- 24-bit 640x480 at 30 frames per second -RRB- , iSight gets all the power from it , too.Rotate the lens cap , which opens and closes the lens , and iSight comes alive -LRB- it will also activate iChat AV -RRB- . Both audio and video capture performance are superb , with excellent exposure and clear audio . It is easily the best performing webcam out there.And the built quality and design ... simply stunning . Made in sturdy aluminum-alloy -LRB- used by 12 '' and 17 '' PowerBook G4 as well as PowerMac G5 -RRB- , iSight feels expensive . Furthermore , iSight is very functionally designed . Although mounting on Apple 's LCD display requires adhesive -LRB- sticky -RRB- mounting stand , mounting on Apple 's portable computer is elegant -LRB- even comes with a carrying case -RRB- . So is it worth a buy ? iSight is certainly the best webcam out there . But it 's also the most expensive and works only under Mac OS X . If you have lots of buddies on AOL -LRB- or . Mac -RRB- and Yahoo! 's Instant Messaging network , and wants to impress with high quality audio and video , iSight is worth the money . Otherwise , it probably wo n't get used often enough to warrant very high price tag .
 True video conferencing - the type that has been promised for years now really exists and is affordable for the common man -LRB- and woman -RRB- . All you need is a firewire Mac -LRB- all new Macs for the past 4 years have shipped w / firewire , but you can always install an after-market firewire PCI card if needed -RRB- running OS 10.2 or better , iChat/AV -LRB- Apple 's software that comes free with OS 10.3 - `` Panther '' -RRB- , and a broadband connection.There are many iChat related Web sites that contain databases of other iSight owners , so you can always find someone to chat with , even if none of your friends have Macs or broadband connections.The camera can also be used for Yahoo Chat , but Yahoo 's software limits your video to snapshot slide shows . iChat/AV allows you to to have live streaming video and audio with full duplexing , so it 's like you 're on the phone.If you have a bad hair day , you can use the microphone only so you do n't have to share the video . The lens cap is built-in , and with a simple twist of the lens , your camera is turned off.The camera is an elegant addition to your Mac goodies , although the mounting has much to be desired . Some third-party companies have come out with some excellent alternatives for mounting the iSight , however , if you do n't have a laptop to clip it to and you do n't want to `` stick '' it on your monitor.The camera is in full color and will automatically focus from about 1 '' to infinity . My less than perfect rating is for two reasons - 1 being the aforementioned mounting options - tacky `` stick-on '' mounting is n't the choice for most and the laptop clip can be broken easily during transport . My biggest gripe is the white balancing of the camera . This might be eventually corrected w / a new version of the iChat software , but for now , the color you see is not necessarily reflecting reality . I have my computer next to a window , so in the middle of a sunny day with my overhead light on , the color looks great . At night -LRB- no ambient sunlight -RRB- with an overhead light , the colors are grainy and flat.If you hold a white piece of paper next to your face while you look at yourself on the camera , the color suddenly corrects , but goes back to awful the minute you put the paper down.Traditional cameras with built-in light meters have an ability to `` spot meter '' and lock a light meter reading - Apple needs to put this option in with their next incarnation of iChat/AV . For now , I have 2 halogen desk lamps on either side of my monitor . When I chat w / someone in the evening , I will turn on the hot white lights to illuminate my face so the other person does n't think they 're talking to Darth Vader or the Grim Reaper.I used it a couple of times for audio-only chats - the microphone quality is superb . I have chatted to people in Canada , Israel and Australia without a noticable delay or degredation in quality . If the other user is using a built-in microphone in lieu of an iSight , however , they will probably hear you well , but you may have a hard time hearing them.I have also used the camera for some video/audio chats with people from around the globe . There is a noticable 1 second time difference delay , but it is acceptable all things considered.As with all things Apple , this camera is quite an innovation . Beforehand , there was only one other firewire camera on the market and it did not allow for live streaming video . Thanks to Apple 's iChat software , however , you can use some other cameras , but I would not recommend it . With the few failings of iSight , it is still the best there is - and considering what it does , it 's well worth the price .
 I do n't know if the review from EL was wrote by a Anti-Mac Nazi but , most of the information stated in his review was incorrect . First iMovie is easily used with the iSight . Second iSight is made for mac , If you have a mac that supports iSight , you should not have to instal any software , iChat AV Comes with the OS . Third iChat AV does now work with the latest PC version of AOL instant messenger , not the old ones . Fourth not only can you take still amazingly good quality still pictures , you can download programs off the internet that lets you add effects to the pictures you take . iSight self adjusted the brightness and contrast , so manual adjustment is unnecessary . EL has made it sound you can not use iSight unless you are computer illiterate , it is very easy to use I have never had any problem with mine , and I 've saved money on long distance calls . Plus it 's a lot of fun I rated this excellent product with 5 stars . Online Video Conferencing is the future and apples firewire technology makes video Conferencing amazing with no skipping or lag the quality is superb . Hats off to Apple with the great product
 What a terrific web cam ! Talk about easy to set up . First make sure you 've downloaded Apple 's chat software , iChat AV . After that all you do is pulg the included FireWire cable into the iSight , mount it on your mac and plug the other end into a FireWire port and you 're ready to start audio and/or video chats with your AIM buddies . The one caveat being that you need a high speed connection for video.I love the simplicity and elegance of the iSight . When I do n't want to use the web cam , I do n't have to disconnect it , only close the shutter . But honestly the image and sound quality is such that I never close it down . I 've used several web cams in the past and this one offers by far the best image quality I 've seen . Another small but welcome feature is the iSight 's ability to tilt and swivel while mounted to your mac . Now you can position your web cam just right without a lot of fuss.My only complaint is the need to stick the iSIght mount on you mac . The mount for notebooks is much better as it just slips over the edge of the screen and does n't require you to stick anything to your beautiful mac.I 've had mine for a few weeks a now and have n't had a single glitch to deal with . Simple , elegant and high quality . What more can you ask for ? Did I hear you say a lower price ? Well , you ca n't have everything right ?
 It 's hard to find a problem with this product , as long as you know what you are getting . I think some of the negative opinions of the iSight camera are due to people with bizarre expectations . It is n't going to give you broadcast-quality resolution , and it does n't have Navy SEAL night-optic technology - in other words , for the people who are complaining about `` dark and gothic '' pictures , * turn on your lights . * The picture is fine if you are in a well-lit room with a broadband connection and a decent computer.This is one of a few products from Apple that has really made a difference in my own life over the past year or so . Now , almost nightly , I can fire up the iSight and talk with my parents -LRB- who also have one -RRB- and let them see their three-year old twin granddaughters face to face - to hear about their day and what they are learning from a thousand miles away . I can talk directly to my teenage sister , staying a part of her life in a way that would have been impossible only a few years ago . I 've saved double the price of the iSight in long distance phone bills in the time I 've owned it.What makes this all even better is iChat from Apple . It integrates seamlessly with the camera - in fact they were designed for one another . iChat is a program like AOL Instant Messenger that allows you to see which of your friends is online and available for chatting.I 'm not totally up on the other cameras out there , but from what I have seen nothing tops the iSight . It mounts in several ways , all of which allow you to look almost directly at the screen when you talk , so the people on the other end do n't see some weird POV of the camera looking up your nose.If you have an Apple and a loved one far away , buy two of these and get hooked up ASAP . The video phone is no longer a thing of bad 60s sci-fi movies . It 's here now .
 I think it 's time for an update , since there are many statements made by some of the reviewers that now are incorrect.You can buy iChat AV alone for $ 30 if you have n't upgraded to Panther yet . I have pulled my cable back and forward without any problems , but I guess there are some bad cables out there , but it 's not common.Yes , the adhesive mounting is a poor choice for your nice looking display , but there are alternatives from other companies , check out Macmice.comThat you have to use a fast connection should not be a surprise , we are talking about video chats in real time.But all these things are minor issues , considering you get what I consider the greatest -LRB- communication -RRB- thing since email arrived . I chat with my brother in Europe with great results . The quality is outstanding , the camera performs well in low light , which have often been the big problem for web cams.Now Apple just need to get others to play along , AOL is working on something and I 'm sure there will be more changes coming from other companies as well.The price is imo . not high , when you consider the impact it can have on your life . I was looking to buy video phones before iSights came out , but they are not good quality and can be very expensive , so a pair of iSights almost seem cheap .
 Apple 's iSight performs as promised on all levels -- great video and sound quality . The camera is light , easy to set up and use , and truly portable.The only things preventing me from giving it a full 5 stars are the included mounting stands . Apple was smart enough to include separate stands for positioning the camera on top of CRT monitors , on flat screens and a laptop . However the first two require that the stand me affixed using an adhesive sticker on the bottom of the stands . Though I had few reservations about sticking it to my old -LRB- and ugly -RRB- black-cased CRT , I 'm not sure a lot of people will want to stick something onto the back of their lovely new iMac G5 screens .
 iSight works flawlessly with Apple 's iChat AV . The picture quality is sharp and motion is smooth . The auto-focus and other automatic picture quality adjustments combine with the built-in microphone to make this the best FireWire webcam for Apple computers.I have used several other USB and FireWire web-cameras with less than desirable results . They may be cheaper , but their image quality is lower , they lack automatic focus , and they require an external microphone to capture audio . The Apple iSight solves these problems for only a few more dollars .
 I absolutely love my iSight webcam . As with everything Apple , you literally just plug it in and it works on Mac OS X -LRB- I am running Panther -RRB- . It is unbelievably easy to use , also . The motion capture is nearly television quality on my flat panel monitor . It makes me wish I had more people to video chat with ! One piece of advice
 Great camera . Great integration with Macs and Panther -LRB- I have upgraded -RRB- . But I agree with the previous reviewer . When you spend this much on a web cam , the software absolutely should be included . Another major misstep by Apple trying Microsoft tactics . Anothger major con is the inability of iChatAV to integrate with other commercial web cam software . A pro ? What many people do n't know is that a regular firewire digital camera can be used as a high end camera with iChatAV as well !
 I bought 2 iSight cameras to video-conference between the US and France . It works great . My parents absolutely love it . They ca n't believe how `` genial '' this is just because of the emotional add-on that the video adds.I also use an iSight to discuss with other colleagues across the US.It works as advertised . This is a great product.PS
 I 've had the iSight for a while now , and for the most part , I 've been very pleased with it.First , the bad . The biggest drawback is that , thus far , I have not been able to do an AV chat from my Mac with someone using AOL 's AV IM client on Windows -- whenever I 've tried this , both I and the person I 'm trying to connect to get error messages wrongly stating that our cams are not connected . Others have not had this problem . I do recognize that AV instant messaging is in its infancy , so it is probably safe to assume that this situation will improve with time.Second , the camera does not include any software -LRB- not even the iChat AV client for which it is designed -RRB- . Other webcams include more generous software offerings -- and at a lower price , which brings me to ... Third , the price . The iSight is among the most expensive webcams available . If you 're on a budget , you would do well to take a look at several other webcams and compare features and reviews before deciding on an iSight.All that being said , however , the iSight is quite a camera . It is small , lightweight , and unobtrusive , especially with the `` all in one '' cable . The three included mounts make it very versatile -- if you go with another camera , you 're likely to find yourself needing to buy additional mounts from third party vendors . It is also aesthetically pleasing , if that makes any difference to you , as it does to me ... a lot of other webcams are pretty unattractive.The autofocus feature has always worked nearly flawlessly for me , whether the cam is on my lap or across the room -- its ability to `` find '' me and focus on me is almost eerie . The picture is also very good . Others , including Macworld , have said they encountered trouble in low light , but I have not had this problem . I typically use the cam in my living room , with a single 150-watt bulb lighting the room from about two meters away , and the picture is fine . I 've even sent images by candlelight that looked good -LRB- albeit only at pretty close range -RRB- . The iSight can also be used to make sound and video files , and while it obviously does n't offer the power or versatility of a digital camcorder , it 's still a pretty good tool for this task as well , especially when used with Apple 's QuickTime Broadcaster -LRB- a free download -RRB- and iMovie.If the iSight were about thirty dollars less and included more software , I 'd have given it five stars . Apart from those caveats , though , this is an excellent camera , and one well worth your consideration .
 By Far The Best Web Came on the market . It cost a bit more but so worth it Hands down I have yet to find a web cam that comes close to the isight . Fast set up trueplug and play Clear video and audio .
 This little camera really adds a new dimension to the internet . Of course , on the mac , you just plug the thing in and it works flawlessly . The ability to have one-way video conferences or just audio conferences makes it nice too . The microphone really does a good jobThe mounts appear to be rather permanent once the backing is removed , so watch out !
 Just had to get an adapter since my new Mac is Firewire 800 and this is Firewire 400 . I only use this camera when I am running an external monitor . Works great !
 I received an iSight web cam for my iBook G4 and it was just what I needed at a fair price . It is set up so it was easy for EVEN me to get things rolling . Thanks so much for allowing me to see my grandkids little smiling faces since they 've moved to Hawaii !
 None Better . Apple took their time , and beat the rest . Contrats !
 Nice resolution , nice design.iSight is the best firewire webcam out there.My experience is the best as possible .
 I had this briefcase in my wish list hoping that it would come down in price because it looked like a very good quality bag . I usually hesitate to make purchases if there are no consumer reviews but took advantage when the price came down to $ 19.95 on 12/26/09 !!!!! I bought 2 of these at that price and wish I would have bought at least 4 more.The briefcases are gorgeous . The leather very soft and supple . It 's heavy and can carry a lot . There are a lot of compartments . You can put a laptop in any of the compartments and it will be safe , but there is a special laptop compartment with extra protection.My husband has to carry 2 laptops around and he could fit 4 or 5 in this briefcase . It 's a lot larger than I thought it would be . It comes with a shoulder strap . It has the padding thing on top of the strap -LRB- ? -RRB- to protect your shoulder.Hopefully you can get this bag for close to what I paid for it . Even at just under $ 200 , it 's worth every penny .
 Got this for 20 bucks a few years ago through amazon . I use it every day to hold my tablet , notebooks , pens , kittens -LRB- ok not the kittens -RRB- . This is a well made bag and looks awesome with my stylish black leather jacket . I look great !
 This laptop carrying case is well made . The large zipper and folder section . . provide more that enough room for document storage.This laptop bag actually fits my HP 17 '' laptop ... a bit of a tight squeeze . . but it works.The laptop come with several additional pockets and a padded shoulder strap.All in all a great deal for under $ 200 bucks . I have also seen it on sale for 1/2 of that .
 I looked and looked and bought one and sent it back . The other manufacturesshould use Pacific as a measuring tool to see how far they need to go !!
 I have not used this to transport a laptop , although it appears to be very capable . I use it daily as my work birefcase and I am very impressed with the build quality . It is constructed of heavy leather which looks like it will wear nicely . It has large zippers , clean stitching , solid hardware , and plenty of compartments . I have recieved several positive comments from those who previously saw me carrying nylon vendor giveaways . I bought this on sale , as an additional item to get free shipping and could not have gotten a better deal anywhere .
 If you have a Hewlett Packard PS 100 photo printer , this is the perfect paper to use.The printed area is 4x6 ; the paper is photo glossy ; and each sheet includes a -LRB- perforated -RRB- tear-off tab -- which allows the PS 100 to print borderless 4x6 prints . -LRB- My technical friends tell me that the tear-off tab allows the printer to hold on to the paper -- so that the printer can print all of the way up to the 6 '' perforated edge . Without the tear-off tab , the PS 100 will stop printing sooner , 1/4 '' before the edge of the paper , cutting off the image . -RRB- Do n't be confused by HP 's other 4x6 papers -LRB- which do n't come with the perforated edge -RRB- . If you want to make beautiful , borderless 4x6 glossy photos on your PS 100 printer , this is the paper you 'll want to buy ! -LRB- As additional info , this paper will also work in HP 's Photosmart 1315 which has a special 4x6 paper tray . The 1315 , unfortunately , does not print borderless , so the benefit of this paper 's tear-off tab is somewhat wasted . HP has also just introduced their new Photosmart 7150 printer which , according to its technical specs , also outputs borderless 4x6 prints , so this paper will probably work in this unit as well . -RRB-
 My Digital Camera has a 3.3 MegaPixel resolution and printing photos on this HP paper far exceeded my expectations ! I use the HP 7150 Photosmart Printer with the HP Premium High Gloss Photo Papers . Unbelievable quality and perfectly vivid colors , in every detail , whether enlarging or scaling down photos , you will never be disappointed with the output . I can not imagine returning to 35mm film and developing - no comparison . Put your old photo equipment in the attic and go digital with a photoprinter . Other photo paper pales in comparison to HP products .
 This HP Premium Photo Paper is a really good value . Photo Paper is their slightly thinner version , Premium is the mid-thickness paper and with Premium Plus being the thickest . This is a nice weight for pretty much every purpose though - feels substantial/professional . Accepts color very well - portraits appear natural , colors appear true.My only small quibble is that the photos do not seem to print with the utmost smoothest of appearance . There is a very very slight texture to the photos which does not detract from the images , just something you may notice if you are used to super smooth , super glossy photo studio images . This is with using an HP printer and HP ink so it is not due to compatibility issues . Overall , produces good quality photos and with this quantity/price it affordable to print copies for sharing .
 I bought this mobo in a combo mobo/memory/processor package . This motherboard has a good price/performance ratio I think . Overall it 's a good value for some one looking to build a simple system right away that wo n't be obsolete any time soon.This mobo comes with pretty good onboard video . I have an AM2 Sempron and 1GB of RAM and games like Red Orchestra and Battlefield 2 play pretty good on it . Later on I 'll get a PCI-e x16 Nvidia 7000 class video card for it . In the mean time the onboard video is more than enough for office work and decent for most games.The built in SATA II/3 .0 GBs hard drive interface is fast ! Much faster than my old parallel ATA/100 . I am not going back to parallel HDs in my computer any more ! I 'm getting external cases for my older drives and use them as back ups . Make sure you install the newer 300Mbs/3 .0 GBs drives and not the slightly older 150 Mbs/1 .5 GBs SATA drives to take advantage of the faster interface . The mobo also supports RAID 0,1 & 5 . This mobo supports surround HD sound . While I have n't tried out it 's surround capabilities it 's fine in stereo . I do n't expect my computer to match my HiFi stereo in sound quality , but for games and the occasional music it 's more than good enough.It also takes the newer AMD AM2 socket CPUs and while there 's no performance difference with the 939 socket CPUs the newer AM2 will support Windows Vista when it releases . AM2 supports more than the 4GB limit of Windows XP and this motherboard can take up to 16GB of DDR2 RAM . Also , if I 'm not mistaken AM2 will support near future * quad core * processors . AM2 has 940 pins , the same as AMD 's server class Opteron CPUs and AMD is planning to come out with quad core Opteron CPUs in ' 07 . While it 's not the fastest mobo out there this mobo does what it 's supposed to do very well and is a very good value . It 's solid and stable . That 's why I give it 5 stars .
 Great deal , works perfect and the extra USB cable is a nice value . However , the F5C594 is pictured -LRB- white -RRB- ... what you get is the F5C594-USB-CLR which is Macintosh iBook/iMac colored , a sort of translucent clear.Functionality is the same and you get the same $ 10k warranty on your equipment.This is about 1/2 price anywhere else -LRB- at the time I purchased -RRB- ... another great amazon deal .
 Well this mouse is more for looks then actual moving . I had to edit my review , but the stars show 5 and I would now put it as a 2 . The best thing about the mouse is that it lights up . 2 modes , red and blue , for FPS and for stealth . I had to keep lifting the mouse up and almost slamming it down to make the cursor move again . The software is very basic and gives you a limited amount of pre keyed mapping for you to customize this mouse . Regardless how many times I did this or remapped the games would not recognize the new mouse buttons.Cyber Snipa makes great products , but for this mouse not so much . If you want a true gaming experience , get the game pad and tracer acrylic glass mouse pad ...
 its ALOT more sensitive than what I 'm used to with my old optical mouse but i like it , after some getting use to itll be just fine .
 Ever since I bought D-Link DWL-G650 wireless cardbus adapter , I enjoy going on internet using desktop and notebook concurrently with my family . It is working perfectly , no problem and in good speed . I am very satisfied with the product.I also got good price and excellent service from Amazon .
 This U S Robitics is so convenient it only takes 2 connections.Plug it in the adapter and one line to your PC . It wotks great you can plug in your printer and still have 6 ports left . I received a E mail that it would be shipped by 04/08/2004 and I received it at my door on the 04/08/2004 . I have never seen next day delivery , I 'll buy from Amazon anytime .
 Great card , took less than 5 minutes to setup . I am getting better connection rates with this card than the onboard wireless.Super card for the money .
 install was simple . product works as advertised . my system is intel celeron with winxp .
 Well I was happy to find out that this wireless router actually DOES work in my Dell laptop after I found out which slot to plug it into . > _ < DOH!Ok so after the initial ID-10-T error I was able to get this working as it 's supposed to . I can now browse the internet wirelessly to learn more about computers and how they work . I can learn all this from the comfort of anywhere in my apartment . Is n't that amazing?The card also work right away every time I boot up my laptop , when insterted into the correct slot of course . I like this card and just wish it had a big label warning to not use it if you do n't know what slot it 's supposed to fit into .
 I 've heard of other people 's problems with wireless cards that seem to drop the signal every now and then , or suck the battery life out of a laptop , or some other random problem.I have to say that this wireless adapter card has given me any problems since the day I bought it . I just plug this card in when I want to go wireless and the laptop recognizes the card and goes straight to looking for a familiar wireless access point and then connects almost instantly . I love it . If you do n't have built in wireless and want your laptop to go wireless , then I suggest you pick up one of these wireless adapters from D-Link . Of course if your Wi-Fi is built in , then go ahead and use it , but if you are like me and you want more range , stick with an external card . I get better range this way .
 Well this little wireless adapter card has helped me break the chains of bulky old restricting wires.This D-Link adapter was easy to install and has great wireless range and performance speeds . I never feel lagged out , or slow because of my wireless adapter . I can connect to virtually any hotspot I 've come across , and I 'd recommend this to others.This adapter goes great with a DI-624 -LRB- wireless router from D-Link -RRB- . The speeds , the range , the compatibility , it all works out .
 I own this for a dell laptop , and it works very well . I use it for a home network , and at my college to detect wireless signals in the classroom . The only issue i have is that when i first turn on my computer i have to open the program that comes with the device , and go to configuration and then hit apply before the internet will work .
 I bought this to go with the D-Link DI-624 wireless router for my broadband inet connection.Setup was a breeze . I installed the driver , shutdown , plugged in the card , and booted up . That was it . No configuration needed.There is plenty of configuration options available if I choose . So it also works with my wireless network at work .
 I had the built in wireless adapter with my laptop I bought but it did n't get the range I wanted . So I did some research and a bunch of people were saying that this card had good range , plus it was I my price range and has fast speeds.Installation was very easy , no worries at all . Then the I immediately saw an increase in range from my old built in adapter . I think it is because this antenna is on the outside of the notebook , and the built in has the antennas somewhere inside the notebook.This card is also very reliable and does n't drop my connection when I am using it . I 've heard other people complaining about this , but I do n't see it happing with mine .
 I love how easy this card was to install . he thing I like most its the speeds it can acheive with the D-Link DI-624 as it 's access point . I can connect and transfer MP3 's to my desktop just as fast as my wired network . Granted I do have to be inthe same room to acheive those awesome speeds , but even at two rooms down I get fast enough speeds . The Internet connection does n't seem slower , I am protected with 128-bit WEP , easy to install by the way , and the software has n't been a problem on my Dell laptop.Overall I 'd recommend this Wireless PC Card .
 This card works best with the DI-624 router . I have Windows 2000 and have not had any problems after upgrading to the latest firmware . Signal strength and range are good , and card does not overheat after prolonged usage.Just a few things to keep in mind .1 -RRB- Download the latest firmware BEFORE you hook up your wireless connection . Do this on your wired connection - the DI-624 wireless router has both wired and wireless connections .2 -RRB- Install the latest firmware . The card would also only work in a specific PCMCIA slot that I had installed it in .3 -RRB- Disable any internal builtin wireless cards in your laptop.Happy surfing .
 The great
 With this card all I need to do is plug it in and the software will start scanning for a connection . If I am at home it automatically connects to my network because I have the WEP keys all ready typed in and the SSID is all ready set.I can also use the software to search for active wireless access points among my location . This is helpful for when I am in an airport , or simalar hotspot.The signal strength is always 50 % or above in my home which does n't effect my download speeds at all . I 've also dropped this card a couple times and it has -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- always worked . Very Solid .
 This card is easy to install , comes with good software , and has good range abilities . When coupled with the right AP -LRB- like DI-624 -RRB- I get awesome distance with my laptop in my home . The card was also very easy to install and is an important piece to my laptop setup .
 Very useful utility , strong range , simple setup , and some what inexpensive . I like it as much as you can like a wireless adapter . Thanks D-Link !
 Download the new 108Mbps drivers at D-Link 's website . Get it for your card and for the router -LRB- DI-624 -RRB- and you can get double the data rate . I can literally transfer files from one PC to another in half the time.After downloading and installing the new drivers you will notice that the card is very stable , has good signal range , and causes no problems with windows .
 I bought the DWL-G650 card -LRB- Version B4 -RRB- along with the the 624 Router -LRB- Version C1 -RRB- about 5 weeks ago . I found it very hard to set up . XP Professional was installing its own drivers and would not recognize the D-Link drivers . It took me about 10 hours to resolve that issue . Customer support at D-Link was of no help . Then I had a dropped connection problem and a slow web surfing issue . I recently resolved that issue by upgrading my cable modem for free to a Toshiba PCX 2600 . I was using a Toshiba PCX 1000 . My point here is that there are so many factors that determine how this card will work for you . I 'm getting 108mbps and hope I can continue to enjoy these fast speeds . It 's no fun trying to fix things all the time .
 I recently bought this adapter about a month ago and it installed and runs great with the supplied firmware . I can get some good range and the 128-bit WEP works great . Speeds are fast as well.But now the speeds are even faster thanks to D-Link . All I had to do to get double the speed I used to is download and install the latest drivers . I did this and I was able to transfer files from my desktop to my laptop in half the time . I transfer files -LRB- video and MP3s -RRB- quite a bit and this extra speed for free is a great perk.Overall this card has caused me zero problems on my XP laptop.I 'd recommend it to others who either already have a DI-624 -LRB- D-Link router that supports new fast speeds -RRB- or is looking to get an 802.11 g setup .
 Very good card for the money . Works just fine ; tested open and WPA . Good enough range . Atheros chipset.Using on OpenSUSE 10.3 Linux with madwifi drivers .
 Based on some of the reviews here , I bought this to replace a Linksys WPC54G card , which is not supported by Linux -LRB- Ubuntu 7.10 -RRB- without some painful setup . It is revision B5.I had previously set up WPA on Ubuntu for my network.I booted Ubuntu on my laptop -LRB- an old Dell Inspiron 8100 -RRB- with no card . After it was up , I inserted the G650 . Ubuntu recognized it and connected to my Linksys WRT54G router with no problems . I rebooted the laptop with the card left in place , and it reconnected to the router with no problems.Note that D-Link absolutely does not support Linux with this card . They 're happy to sell you the card , and they do provide a link to the MadWifi group from their Tech Support pages , but they wo n't touch it otherwise.The DWL-G650 gets 4 stars for two reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- After a connection to the network is completed , the two indicator lights on the card blink once a second . This is amazingly annoying when I am working on the laptop . The Windows documentation does n't say anything about being able to turn the blinks off ; I have an open support question to D-Link about this . -LRB- The Linksys card had one light that stayed solid except for slight blinking during message traffic . -RRB- I have a feeling I 'm going to have to put some tape over the lights . -LSB- 2008-02-09 - D-Link support says I 'm stuck with the blinking lights . Time for some tape . -RSB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Compared to the Linksys , the DWL seems to be less sensitive to signal strength . Ubuntu showed 5 bars with the Linksys , and 4 with the DWL . Same PC , same OS , same position on my desk . I did n't test transfer speeds .
 I got a DWL-G650 for my Linux laptop at the suggestion of one of my friends who had one . Before I bought this I had used a DWL-G630 and an older Linksys card , both of which worked great when I used Windows but were lacking when I tried them in Linux . Plugging in this one was like the difference between night and day . It was recognized by a kernel module without me having to mess around with any drivers and right away was showing open access points along with ones encrypted with WEP and WPA . So far , it has n't given me any of the problems I 've experienced with other cards in Linux . My only issue is that I 've had troubles getting it set to monitor mode , but that may be asking too much of any decently-priced card .
 Had this since early Oct 2006 and really like this adapter and because it is linked with a D-Link Extreme G wireless router at home , I get the high speed throughput that was missing with my old 802.11 b card . Have used it on the road in at least 4 different locations and it picks up the wireless service at that location with no problems.Only problem I had was with initial setup -LRB- and that may be something in my settings as opposed to the card -RRB- . Followed D-Links instructions and the system would n't connect in my home . -LRB- card in computer before powering up -RRB- Found that I have to wait until the computer is booted before I insert the card . As long as I do that , the system recognizes the card and makes the connection in very short order . Have n't timed it but it is probably around 15 seconds to full connection . On the road it is a little longer but nothing significant.If you need a plug in wireless card adapter , this one seems like a good choice based on the performance and very reasonable price .
 I actually get better range with this D-Link wireless adapter than my Dell laptop 's built in Wi-Fi . I 'm guessing it 's either a power issue or the antenna is outside the case instead of built in . I just was n't happy with what I had . Sure it works , but I have to sit fairly close to whatever I am connecting to . With this D-Link card I can sit rather far from the main access point and still get a good signal.This pared with my DI-524 router at home and I get a pretty good wireless range within my home.Overall this product is easy to use and has n't caused me any major problems a reboot did n't fix . w00t !
 I ca n't say anything bad about this adapter.Everything about this adapter has been 100 % OK by me . Installation was painless , the everyday use is painless , the wireless range is good , the speeds are nice , and the actual physical construction is even quite solid.I feel that this is a card anyone would be happy with . Unless of course it did n't work in some weird operating system or something . Either way it works perfect for me so I have to give it 5 stars .
 This card just sits in my Dell notebook and is almost invisible . In the sense of I never have to deal with it , or take it out , or reseat it in the slot , or even mess with the software , it just keeps working . I just boot up my notebook and before I open a web browser I am connected to my home network . It 's great!I do n't even remember installing this thing , so I guess it was pretty uneventful . But I do know it 's easy to configure and has an easy to understand software interface when you do actually have to change the WPA or WEP key . Very nice.Overall I 'd have to say this is a 5 out of 5 stars . I 'm not sure I could ask much more from an adapter card , unless of course it could someway be built into my notebook . : -RRB-
 There is n't much to say about this wireless adapter except that it just plain works . I did n't get any hangups when installing , nor when I want to conenct to a wireless network . It connects automatically with my wireless network when I power up my laptop and is easily configurable to connect to other hotspots out in public.The wireless range is suprisingly good as well . I can be anywhere in my home and I get good enough signal . I can be out on the outer rim territory of my schools wi-fi hot spot and still be connected . This allows me to be away from other students so I 'm not crowded with them just to have Internet.If you are looking for fast speeds with no frills get this one .
 I purchased a D-Link G650 due to the excellent reviews it has gotten . Even though I have a Linksys wireless router , the D-Link seemed to be the best laptop card available . Sure enough , it is fast and has a strong signal anywhere in the house . Although the card paperwork states that it needs a minimum 300mhz processor , my laptop is a P233 and it works just fine . This card is fast and easy to setup . It is better than I hoped !
 I 've never used wireless networking before this and overall I am pleased . The only issue i have that occasionally I 'll lose signal even when my computer does n't move . -LRB- And I frequently lose signal when I move outside -RRB- It 's kinda annoying but like i said overall it was worth the 30 bucks .
 I did n't really have much wireless networking experience before buying this D-Link PC Cardbus adapter and a D-Link wireless access point . I 've certainly never set up a wireless network before.But doing my homework on the Internet while the product is being shipped to me , and reading the quick install guides that come with this product was quite helpful to say the least . I now know you should secure your wireless connection with some sort of encryption . So now Im all setup and this card lets me go wireless with my laptop.Very easy to use software , after reading instructions of course , and the hardware looks nice and solid . nothing flimsy about them . I have zero problems with this card in my laptop.I recommend this card for even the beginners .
 I have an old Dell c600 laptop that is running Xubuntu 7.10 . I stuck this in for my first attempt at Linux and wireless networking . I had it up and running in 10 mintues . Why 10 minutes ? Because I forgot my network password and had to look it up . Seriously people , plugged it in , turned it on , entered password and surf the internet.I have been online for about 4 hours now with about a 60 % signal strength . Got all my updates downloaded at about 250kbps . That is just fine and dandy . I want to stress to fellow Linux users that I did not have to do anything , plug it in , turn it on . Xubuntu automatically installed the Atheros Hardware Access Layer restricted driver for me . This was so much easier than the XP network I set up for my uncle . That took days and many calls to linksys support .
 At first I was a little worried with how the card would work with my 802.11 n Airport Extreme , but up to this point I 've been pleasantly surprised.The installation was quick and my router has n't had any problems picking it up . Great strength from all across the house . This card will do most everything you need for a very low cost .
 My brother has the Netgear WG511T Super G 108 PC Card for his notebook and it works great . So after I thought my Dell notebook internal wireless chip died , I decided to order a notebook adapter for it . Instead of getting another Netgear I decided to go with the D-Link DWL-G650 Cardbus Adapter 108Mbps - my first experience with a D-Link product . The G650 works great - plugged the card into the adapter slot , turned on the notebook , 5-10 minutes configurations and WOLA I got on the internet . The card works flawlessly without any signal dropped or any compatibility problem with my Westell 327W router . I notice the wireless signal is stronger and the connection is faster than the notebook internal wireless adapter or the WUSB12 Linksy adapter which I used prior to obtaining the G650 . The G650 supports WEP , WPA , WPA-PSK security encryption and comes with an intuitive and easy to use configuration utility .
 This card has given me the ability to be crazy and sit outside with my laptop and do my work from there . For some reason I feel much more creative when I am outside in the open air rather than inside in the boring stale air.This card was installed in almost no time at all and it felt like it was almost too easy . But after the reboot I was able to find and see that the card was installed correctly and the quick time was n't a bad thing , but a good thing.The wireless range seems pretty good . I use a DI-524 as my wireless router , but I also do n't have a very big home . Either way I am satisfied and would think others would as well .
 I bought two wireless products Linksys B and D-Link g laptop card . As you can see , many customers like or dislike either brand . I have both models working at 11Mbps by using the following settings for D-Link : Authentication Type
 It works fine with D-Link DI624 wireless router , if you do n't set any kind of protection tool . I have got stable and strong connections at 108 Mbps in any point of my house , even with many walls between DWL-G650 and DI-624 . At this moment , I am connected for almost 6 hours , without crash and always at 108 Mbps . It works fine with my Sony Vaio notebook and with Toshiba 's . But its stability vanishes when I configure any tool for secure networking -LRB- WEP , WPA , WPA-PSK ... -RRB- . So , it works fine , but is not secure .
 I am having so much fun with this wireless networking card in my laptop . Everywhere I go I check to see if there is any wireless access points around that I can find and maybe connect to . I enjoy seeing how many wireless devices are in a certain area . Even driving down my street I can see 3-5 APs broadcasting at one time.Speeds are great , the range is great and I am totally digging this wireless freedom .
 But now I can be anywhere in the house with my laptop and still have a network connection to the Internet . Thanks to D-Link 's simple documentaion and setup wizards I was able to setup my first wireless network in almost no time at all.This card was very simple to install . It is super easy to use after install since all you need to do is plug it in and it starts looking for a connection . The software that somes with it is quite useful as well.With this D-Link wireless card and my DI-624 I get great reception and do n't see any problems now nor do I predict any in the future .
 I am glad this was my first choice for a wireless adapter . I was told to go out and buy a wireless adapter and with help from the local store 's employee he recommended me this card . He said D-Link was a good reputable company . I believed him and bought this card and brought it home . Besides if he was n't right I could always return it right back to him . : -RRB- Either way I was able to get this working by following the intstructions and was connected to my work 's wireless network in minutes . I thank the helpful employee who helped me and I thank D-Link . Thank you both .
 The G650 works as Advertised . However , I find there are many other better products out now.The corded D-link USB adapter I bought since I bought this G650 is far better than the G650 in my particular application . It gives you the flexibility to move the antenna to a better reception spot.My G650 sits in a drawer ...
 I am very satisfied with my purchase . The product arrived on time , according what was expected . It 's easy to work , it 's fast . Reach my expetations .
 D-link makes an excellant product . It is of good quality and seems to last for quite some time . For going wireless , D-Link is the way to go .
 If I went off of other reviewers information , I would never have purchased this sweet product . After reading other reviews I decided to disregard them and just finally buy it . I plugged it into my Dell Latitude w / Windows 2000 Professional . Coupled w / a D-Link DI-624 Router , SBC DSL , and I 'm full blazin ' the net , freestyle . I have a cordless phone 2.4 Ghz ... no problems w / interference . Was plug and play , all the way . If you can install software programs , you can install this .
 I had originally installed the drivers wrong , but my buddy helped me out and now it works great .
 Card delivered as promised , and on time . Unfortunately , not the sellers fault , but the notebook it was to be used in does not use this type of card , but the smaller express card slot . This items was returned and I did receive a refund .
 Worked on W98 for me . Good prod . I had a problem with NetGear , and TrendNet .
 I installed this on an old notebook that I have set up to dual boot with Windows XP and Ubuntu Linux 7.10 . Ubuntu 7.10 recognized it right away and set it up automatically . I used the included software to set it up in XP.I 'm using it with WPA encryption , but also tested with WEP and it worked fine with either .
 Received the card today and had it up and running in less than 10 minutes with zero hassle . Just followed the clear instructions to install the drivers from the CD-ROM , shut down the NB , plugged in the card and re-booted . It found my home network immediately , entered the password - done ! Getting great throughput via my Apple router - within the usual limitation of the truly terrible AT&T ; DSL connection.Great product , great price , zero hassle !
 The D-Link wireless G adapter has been a great addition to my home network . I installed it on an old Dell Latitude CPiA laptop I recently replaced as too outdated . The addition of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- of memory from E-Bay and upgrade to XP and this old machine is hanging ten as it surfs the web . I get better wireless connectivity around the house with it than I 'm receiving from my new Wi-Fi capable Toshiba . Happy ? Yes ! Good product , Great price , Fast delivery and Terrific functionality . Oh , and my eight year old grandson is happy to have wireless connectivity in his room .
 I installed this last night on my Dell Laptop and had absolutely no problems with the CD-rom or the adapter . I am using this with a Linsky 's Wireless G router , not a D-Link , and it works perfectly . I get reception from anywhere in my house , upstairs or down . Reception is Excellent on the same floor -LRB- 2nd -RRB- as the router , Good or Very Good on the first floor . I 've only used it for a day so I can not review how reliable this is over the long-haul , but so far I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 I got this for an older laptop for a visiting guest . It works just fine , doing what it supposed to do for less .
 I love that this is compatible with most operating systems -LRB- I tried on Vista and Ubuntu , my laptop 's integrated card did n't work on either -RRB- . Signal strength is not that great but enough for average use .
 I got a couple of old PC laptops just for goofing around with and needed a cheap way to hook into wireless networks . These card work GREAT!They allow me to surf , email and even play World of Warcraft with no troubles at all.I am completely satisfied with my purchase !
 I bought this notebook adapter card to increase the wireless range on my labtop . Install was easy and only tool about 10mins . I did see a improvment in my connection , and range . It was worth the money , and I got it fast too . Would recommend it to others .
 The card says it works with windows 98 . Not for me . After fiddling with it for about 10 hours , I installed it in a Win2000 notebook . Worked right away . I also installed the updated driver from Dlink -LRB- 108Mbs support -RRB- and I was dropping the connection every 15 minutes . Went back to the original driver included in the CD-ROM . This card , with the DI-624 router works fantanstic . Setup was easy and trhe wireless connection is 15 % faster than the wired 10baseT port on the speed sites . Works fine in any area of the house as well . WEP encryption was easy to setup .
 This D-Link wireless 802.11 g wireless AirPlusXtremeG adapter is amazing . The first amazing thing , is that it seems to lose your connection all the time . This seems to be because of some problem D-link has with `` Authentication '' . If you want yours to work , turn off authentication . Once you have it running reliably , it is amazingly fast . I run on a cable modem and get about 1.1 megabytes per second on a wired connection normally , and yet I have exceeded that with my AirPlusXtremeG -LRB- about 1.15 -RRB- . My point is that it works like a wired connection without the hassle of wires , but with the added hassle of needing to set it up EXACTLY right . This doesn 's seem to be a problem if you do n't use security , but with security , be prepared to visit at least one forum for tips on set-up . I recommend -LSB- ... -RSB- . They have many people who are experienced with this adapter and the routers that are used with it .
 When I first saw my friend with one of these in his laptop I had to have it . The fast 802.11 g speeds , the sleek look , the easy to use software , the range he got with this card , everything was coming up milhouse.Then I bought it and found it is all that and then some . The installation was real easy , the use of this product is quite simple as far as configuring it to work with other hotspots . Anyhow I wanted it , I got it , and now I love it !
 Works great with Linux Mint 13 Cinnamon running the ath5k driver . Getting 48 to 53 Mbps on a router that is not D-Link .
 I installed Linux Antix -LRB- Mepis -RRB- on old laptop and wanted to use wifi without needing ndis wrapper . I bought this used D-Link cardbus adapter through Amazon , plugged it in , and it worked instantly .
 I could n't find this adapter locally , so I turned to Amazon.com . Naturally I found it . The price was right , I received the advertised rebate , and the product works as advertised . What more can you want .
 The main reason I got this card is because it working in Linux -LRB- It has an atheros chipset -RRB- , and it delivers . It works great , and the range is awesome.For Windows users , it works great in XP as well.Overall , I am very satisfied with this wireless card .
 My setup : - Dell Latitude PP01L -LRB- Intel chip -RRB- - Win XP Pro- D-Link DI-624 Wireless Router -LRB- with two walls inbetween the laptop and the antenna -RRB- - Enabled the WEP featureI unplugged the old wireless card and simply plugged this in . Windows found the new card and did its Plug-n-Play thing . Not only was I was able to get on the Internet immediately , but the card picked up two other signals in the neighborhood that I could n't ` see ' with my 11MB/sec Cisco Aironet card . This I sort of expected , but was still a bit surprised being that my closest neighbor is beyond the range of most wireless routers.The CD installed just fine , but when I went to the D-Link site to check for an updated driver it said I was up-to-date . I ran Windows Update and it claimed I had an updated driver available for my new D-Link card . I 've never had a problem with D-Link 's website -LRB- or customer service , while we 're on the subject -RRB- , so I was a bit taken aback that Microsoft was ahead of D-Link 's site.Either way ... install the card and get onto the internet , then have Windows Update check for possible updates.Be sure to enable the encryption feature . If you are running a small network of computers where you are sharing folders then you want to be sure that your neighbors ca n't go snooping through your stuff . Or worse , lift the signal , and ultimately your personal information.I 've had no problems with my current set-up . I HIGHLY recommend this card to bring your laptop/desktop up-to-date .
 I bought this wireless card adapter for my Dell Inspiron 5100 laptop and got it quickly - only 3 days !! I 'm very happy with this purchase because this wireless adapter really works well . It 's extremely fast compared to my previous dial-up connection.I went to different electronic stores and used pcmall.com to do research on various wireless adapters having the highest quality with the lowest price but still I ended up buying this .
 I am pleased with the overall performance of this adapter while it is plugged into my laptop . I can get a strong signal anywhere in my home with this adapter and my DI-624 as my AP . I can play games online with little to no lagging , and the card is easy to configure and use when you are on the go . Overall it is a great card , and I see no reason not to buy one . Unless you already have one . : -RRB-
 I think most of my frustration is due to my ISP , but this thing has been great really . The best feature does n't even come in the box , but the tech support is phenomenal . I spent a bit of time on hold , but the guy I spoke with had me up and running in no time at all.In general , the setup is easy -LRB- I 'm using it with the D-Link DI-624 -RRB- . The program installs everything for you , I ran into trouble after my ISP shut down my service for some foolish reason and made me change some settings which I guess messed with my network setup . In any case , this comes highly recommended for anyone that wants to set up a wireless network , even if you are n't particularly computer savvy , as I am not .
 I purchased the DWL-G650 and the DI640 router about a month ago and have enjoyed 108Mbps since day 1 . Only one problem , I ca n't allow my laptop to sleep or hibernate or I will have to reboot in order to reconnect to the router . I downgraded to the 54Mbps and the connection is fine after waking up the laptop . I tried to work out the problem with tech support . They got a painfully detailed system config document and a reproducable test case . After 3 emails they gave up and told me I would have to phone in to solve the problem . Hire some QA testers ! Otherwise a good deal for 108Mbps speed .
 I am using the D-Link AirPlus Extreme with a Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G Router . It is a good combination so far.However , I want to give readers an important tip . I was originally using a Linksys WPC54G cardbus adaptor . It worked well for a couple weeks , then stopped working all of the sudden . The reason - I do n't know for certain - but my guess is ESD , Electro-Static Discharge . So be careful when handling your cardbus adaptor - treat it like you would a memory chip or PC card.I ca n't give this 5 stars - too soon to tell if it is as sensitive as my old Linksys adaptor .
 I had this installed in my PC in minutes . About 3 minutes really . I installed the drivers on the CD , rebooted with the actual card in and suddenly it saw my wireless router , the DI-624 , and connected automatically.I love this card for it 's range , everywhere in my home , and the software that shows you your connection strength and other stats.Very easy to use and goes great with the DI-624 wireless router .
 Following the instructions was never an easy thing for me to do , but when you do it right , installation is a snap . The speeds for this card are good , even when not coupled with a D-Link wireless access point . The security is easy to use and quite secure . The range is also a plus for this card . I can be anywhere in my office and still recieve an Internet connection . This is great for when I have meetings and I bring my laptop to meetings.I give this card 5 stars because it deserves it . I had zero problems , and am very pleased with it 's performance .
 The DI-624 Router that I got with this replaced my other router , allowing me to connect four computers via wire and this card connected my laptop to the web . Configuration could n't be easier , and the strength of the signal in the remotest part of the house is supberb . Just great !
 Had a linksys wireless b-card that clogged up a -LRB- older C-500 -RRB- notebook . It only worked within 20 feet of the linksys router and pages would only load after extensive churning and some noticeable -LRB- 30 seconds + hesitation -RRB- . Installed this D-Link card and not only was the laptop now connecting immediately , but we were was able to receive the signal throughout the house and upstairs -LRB- router in basement -RRB- -LRB- about 45 feet away with many walls and other obsticles -RRB- Good job D = Link
 This product is not anything special unless you have the D-link DI-624 Router teamed with the firmware updates on both the Router and the Network Card . After that this product is smokin fast . It is just as fast as having a Cat-5 connection . The firmware updates were pretty self-explanatory , if you have any computer experience at all . Even if you do n't I 'm sure you have a guru fried that will hook you up . Bottom line if you have a need for speed this product will more than get you there and is easy on the pocketbook . Great product D-Link !
 I purchased this to work with Extreme G wireless D-Link router . After working through the setup to encrypt my connection , works great . Just remember , when you encrypt 128 bit , use the same 26 digit code for the router and card . Works great .
 I purchased the DWL-G650 PC card and the DI-624 54G wireless router together with a $ 40 rebate to replace my old DLink router . The installation and configuration of DI-624 is a snap . After I upgraded the firmware to have the 108Mbps Super G mode , the signal actually became more steady and much stronger . I have the DI-624 router on the second floor . With the DWL-G650 card in my Compaq Presario laptop , I can get on the network with good signal anywhere indoors . I am waiting to test it out at my back yard.In general , the Wireless Configuration utility software that came with the DWL-G650 works fine . However , I do have some problems after I install it on my WinXp laptop due to the interference of the Wireless Zero Configuration service that comes with WinXP . Fortunately , I found an article at the DLink Technology Knowledge base to show me how to disable the WinXp service and use the utility software that came with Dlink . It 's much better . It gives you broader control and better configuration with a signal strength meter . In case you run into problems with the installation of the utility , make sure your check the Dlink web site for Knowledge Base . And most importantly , upgrade to the latest firmware.The default broadcasting channel is # 6 . If you have 2.4 GHz wireless phone , you might want to try either the # 1 or # 11 channel instead -LRB- change the setting on the router admin page -RRB- . However , for the Super G mode , it only gives you the Channel # 6 option . I also tried this card on my son 's toy laptop -LRB- Pentium 233 -RRB- . It gives me the same speed as of the regular LAN Ethernet card -LRB- 10/100 -RRB- . On my Compaq Presario laptop -LRB- PIII_1 .3 GHz -RRB- , I can watch streaming video of news from Taiwan in my family room on the first floor . Is n't that impressive ?
 I bought this wireless adapter even though my older Dell has an internal wireless card . I had purchased a wireless g router about a year ago and just felt I could make do with 10mbps that my internal wireless card allowed . My internet was lagging so I did some research and found this card real cheap!Shipping was on time and no problems with my order.It is new in box so I just unwrapped , installed drivers and software , rebooted and plugged in the card ... viola!works great . . no more dropping , I have a very good to excellent signal throughout my 2 story with plaster walled house -LRB- these old plaster walls really can kill the signal -RRB- . My wireless router is -LRB- also a D-Link -RRB- upstairs in my bedroom and I typically use my laptop in the living room with an excellent signal downstairs . 108mbps is great . Now if only Comcast would stop reducing signals !
 I bought 5 of these cards for 5 laptops and 3 of them r working after lot of work , but 2 of them r still not setup . And so they r not working . So basically its just about the luck to get it get it setup.But once setup , it works great .
 The Setup was a bit odd as you need to install the software utility before installing the card . Reports connected at 108Mbps because a I have a DLink router that also supports it . You cant ' the part that sticks out of the laptop feels a bit flimsy , but it 'll probably good enough .
 I have a D-Link DWL-G650 wireless LAN card and it works great with MS Windows XP and Linux ! I use Kubuntu 8.10 , 8.04 , Puppy 4.01 and it just works with my wireless network . A great wireless card , so good I want a second one as a spare ...
 got this this 108 mbps card to use with my home router works great so far no problems its been about 2 weeks
 I currently have two of these cards and I have been very happy with them . I have n't had any issues installing drivers . The card always seems to connect and work well . I also have a D-Link wireless router so the cards connect at 108Mbps , double the 802.11 g rated speed of 54Mbps . I would recommend this card .
 After failing to get another wireless card working on my Linux laptop , I came across this Atheros-chipset card on Amazon . It comes at a relatively low price , around $ 15 including shipping.However , there are some issues to be aware of when using this card on a Linux system . First , early DWL-G650 's -LRB- hardware version Ax -RRB- have a completely different chipset and , as far as I could tell , are not known to work at all under Linux . My guess is that those are the 54-mbps models . -LRB- Can anyone verify this ? -RRB- Mine , which works , is a 108-mbps , hardware version B5.Second , you need the MadWifi driver to use this card . Ath5k , the newer alternative , did n't work for me . In Debian 4.0 Etch , MadWifi is a pain in the neck to set up . The madwifi-source package from Debian does n't even compile after the recent kernel update to 2.6.24 . You have to download a more recent version of the driver from madwifi.org and compile it . In other words , if you do n't have some experience with compiling kernel modules , do n't even think about getting this card . -LRB- Set-up may be easier in other Linux distributions such as Ubuntu , and maybe it will be easier in Lenny ; I do n't know . -RRB- That said , I am quite pleased with the card 's performance and reliability . I have never had trouble connecting . -LRB- But I am on a university campus with access points everywhere , so I do n't know how it would work in a home or city setting . -RRB-
 The G650 installed effortlessly and i was on the web immediately ... This solved the problem I was having with the built in wireless.and for less than it would have cost to correct it by a tech person . . Part of my decision for going with D-Kink was success with other products . . the other was a great price at Amazon .
 In addition to running without any problems under XP , this card is also Linux compatible .
 I get a very good radius of coverage when I use this adapter in my laptop and the DI-624 as the AP . I recommend this combo if you want ease of use , simple setup , and good range.The software that gets installed with this adapter is pretty good to . Nice and detailed info on the site survey .
 This card has set my entire family 's laptops free from wires . We now can surf independently in our own rooms , or all together where ever we want . We play games online together and there is no stutters because of network speed , we stream MP3s from our desktop to our laptops with the wireless and I do n't see a difference from being wired in . The setup was very easy since these are basically `` hot swapable '' and the price is right .
 With this card in my laptop I can be anywhere in my home and have a connection with my network/the Internet . There are even some spots in my front and back yard that get signal . I am not sure if this is because of thie card , my router / access point / or the location I am in , but all this D-Link 11g stuff is working perfect for me.With the 128-bit WEP and MAC filtering on the router I feel safe in knowing people are n't going to get into my network.I 'd recommend this card if you want 11g on your laptop and have an available CardBus Slot .
 When I bought this Card I figured it would work just fine and it does . No suprises here . You get what you pay for and it does what it says on the box . I get good range throughout my home , and the install was easy and painless.The configuration utility for this and the DWL-G520 looks cool and is very informative . It gives you signal strength , a list of APs in the area , and if they are WEP protected or not . Very useful for finding hotspots . I just wish it had an external antenna for reaching long distances.Recommended
 I am kinda responding to what a previous reviewer said about this not working well with the 614 + . Mine works fine with my friends 614 + . I have a 624 at home because I want the real 802.11 g speeds , but when I am over at my friends I can connect at 11Mbps speeds . Yes this wont get faster speeds than the dwl-650 + when connected to the 614 + , but the 650 + wont get faster speeds when connected to a 624 . It 's just the way things work , it 's not D-Link 's product 's fault.Anyway , this card performs great in a 802.11 b network or 802.11 g network . It also does have a great software package that comes with it . The utility that comes with it seems well thought out and easy to use . I like this card all the way around .
 I can get a wireless signal from anywhere in my home and the speeds are perfect . I cant give the technical info , but I know I do n't notice a difference when web browsing from when I am plugged into the router with the Ethernet cable.Installing this card was very easy and only took about 5 minutes . One reboot and I was up and running . I use Windows 2000 Professional and a Toshiba laptop.I 'd also like to point out that the D-Link utility that comes with this card is very helpful and works quite well . With this utility I can scan the area for wireless access points and then connect to the one I want . It displays useful information like the name of the access point , signal strength , and more.I recommend this card and if D-Link 's other cards come with this type of utility I recommend at least checking them out .
 So far its doing well . I get better Signal then my old card and its a lot faster so I can surf the net quick .
 It 's cheap , and it works well . What else can I say ? I 'm actually using this product on my Mac -LRB- PowerBook G4 -RRB- with a third-party driver from -LSB- ... -RSB- and it still works great ! This is also a great card if you 're into things like hacking in a coax cable for connection to an external antenna -- it 's an easy mod . -LRB- Not that such things are in any way condoned by the manufacturer , Amazon , myself , or anyone else ... ;-RRB- I get great reception where before I had none -LRB- although I blame that mostly on my Mac 's weak wi-fi -RRB- . Definitely worth the price .
 Excellent card . Speed is faster than wired . Extended range is a real plus . Easy set up and reliable connections . Recommend highly .
 This card was money well spent . It took only a few minutes to install & it works extremely well . I recommend this to anyone with a Laptop .
 Works has advertised , good range and speed , using with a D-Link router , could n't be happier !
 This card was a snap to get working with my Debian Linux -LRB- Etch -RRB- laptop . It uses the madwifi linux driver and other utilities , most of which are on the Debian install disks . Do n't bother with the ndiswrapper even if your wireless is built in , get this card instead and save yourself the headache . .
 Drivers on web site for ubuntu linux . I used ndiswrapperto install . Works well . One con is that each time I restart I must manually go into network manager to connect .
 Initially , understanding how to switch between Windows XP and D-Plus AirPlus configration utilites was a bit confusing . After I got though that , all went well until I decided I did not want to broadcast my router . That 's when the fun began . When I would turn off my broadcast , I was not able to connect . After weeks of trying various things , I believe there were combination of factors contributing to my lack of reliable connection which included a cordless phone , neighbors on the same channel and the beacon inerval on the router . Now , most of the time I just plug in my card and I am connected depending on the utility I using . I guess I must like it . I just bought another one .
 Actually I was not quite satisfied with this card at the beginning , but since I updated the driver . Everything works fine . I got very good range in the building . I am a little bit far away from the access point and the AP 's signal is not strong enough , but I still have a stable connection . It seems windows xp is always over optimistic about the signal strength , but d-link 's utility is more reliable.I have tried several other wireless cards , like us robotics , not as good as this one .
 You mean I can access 802.11 b AND 802.11 g networks , plus get a max of 54Mbps bandwidth ? Where do I sign up?I signed up with the D-Link team with my wireless and there has been no looking back since then . With this card and the other D-Link stuff I got I get fast speeds , cool looks , reliable connections , and top security features . This card and the whole XtremeG line has performed oustanding for me.Setup was a sinch , adapting to other networks is easy as pie , and I like it all .
 This product works well , easy to connect , and is reliable . My only complaint is that the lights are there for show and do n't really do anything . My last one blinked as it received and sent information , kind of like a hard drive light works . I like the durability and style though
 I did a little research before I bought this item , but at the time there was little documentation on hardware support for Hardy Heron -LRB- Ubuntu 8.04 -RRB- . According to the documentation I looked at I would need to do some configuration , but the card would eventually work under Ubuntu 7.10 . The laptop I 'm using it in has no built in NIC and I do n't have a compatible one , so I was planning on getting a wired NIC too in order to install any packages I would need to use the card . When it arrived , I plugged it in , just for kicks , and it worked without any configuration ! I never bothered to buy a wired card .
 Order the D-Link DWL-G650 Wireless Cardbus Adapter , 802.11 g , 108Mbps for my HP Omnibook laptop and am using it in conjunction with a D-Link AirPlus Xtreme G Router . Installation was easy and reception is great . The adapter was refurbished , so I saved over 50 % versus purchasing from other sources . Great product and great price !
 I 've had this card installed for about 2 weeks now and I have to say I am completely satisfied with it . There are n't any features that jump out at me right now , but there also are n't any gripes that I can think of either . So I have to give it 5 stars for having nothing wrong with it.If you are looking for a card with out the hassle of marketing hype and promised features that only work on Tuesdays in Tennesse while it 's snowing , then this is the card for you . At least put it on your list of cards to compare with .
 I purchased this card with a D-Link DI-624 router/WAP ; as a pair , they perform flawlessly , and offer the advertised performance , which is on-par with wired Ethernet.Compatibility of this card with other access points was good in my testing . It connected just fine to all the WAPs I normally use -LRB- all of which are B protocol -RRB- , and offered the expected performance.The only complaint I have is that I attempted to install the card using the latest drivers from D-Link , downloaded from their web site . Despite carefully matching the hardware revision of my card with the offered download , my attempts to use the card failed . The drivers installed fine , but it would not `` sniff '' any wireless networks -LRB- there were two within range -RRB- , including one a few feet away.After uninstalling the downloaded drivers , and using the earlier version supplied on CD with the card , it fired-up just fine , and operated perfectly.Unfortunately , this is something I 've encountered before with D-Link products , both with device drivers -LRB- as for this card -RRB- and with firmware updates for various D-Link products I 've owned . It 's not always the best advice to stay fully current on updates , as they occasionally introduce anomalies . If you 're technically inclined , this is a minor annoyance that can be dealt with using a combination of patience and judicious back-ups . Average users may not have as much tolerance for this as I do.With the installation stabilized , I find myself quite satisfied with the DWL-G650 , and definitely recommend it -- though less technical users should stick to the drivers on the packaged CD .
 I decided to dust off a 5-year old laptop -LRB- Winbook Z1 -RRB- the other day and install Ubuntu on it . I selected this card because of the Atheros chipset . I ca n't believe how easy it was to get it working . I plugged it in , installed Ubuntu and the new OS recognized the card . With in minutes I was on the internet , thanks to my neighbor 's open WiFi . After a few hours of reading some wiki 's and messages , I had WPA running and my `` new '' Linux laptop was on my network . Piece of cake ! Great card and great chipset !
 Thanks to my research on the Internet , I selected this DLink wireless PC Card . And what a great decision it was . It took 20 minutes to install this card in each laptop , and that included the time to download an updated firmware from support.dlink.com that doubled my connection speed!I get great performance , and even maintain acceptable performance on the floor below where the signal must find it was way through several walls and doors . In the same room as my router I get lightening fast performance that appears to be as fast as my wired connections.DLink provides a nice status and config tool as part of installtion , and that really eased the way into verifiying that all was operating properly . You can see signal strength and check on which wireless mode you are operating in.One suggestion , you should enable WEP to add security and encrpytion to your wireless network . It requires changes to both your router and the wireless card -LRB- s -RRB- , but its pretty simple and I did not notice a big performance impact.If you are thinking about going wireless , this is a great card to select .
 I have quite a range with this and the DI-624 from D-Link . Everything was rather simple to setup and configure . I can do a site survey and see that my neighbors have an access point up and running as well . I enable WEP so they ca n't get on my network , but it `` looks '' like someone can get ont their network pretty easily.This along with the DI-624 work great together . Plus with this G650 card I can go to other wireless hotspots because they are mostly all 802.11 b and the G products can connect to those just fine.I am completely satisfied .
 All , I Have used this card to connect to various routers and it works well . The Extreme G mode is problematic to enable sometimes . New drivers are available , make sure you down-load the right one . D-Link how about having an automatic update command ? , instead of letting the user figure out which card version he has ? . / Brian
 I got this one to replace the one that died on me . It was fairly old . This one was much faster and arrived quickly . It was very easy to install . I was very pleased with it .
 This product worked out of the box with nearly any linux distribution i threw it at . it even worked on older hardware !
 I bought this item to add wireless to an older laptop . It worked perfectly with Ubuntu Jaunty Jackalope out of the box .
 This card works right out of the box . Easy to set up and works great . The only con about this product is I need to pop it out and push it back in again everytime I turn on my super old laptop , which is not that bad . Highly recommended .
 This is a good product . It replaces an earlier card , DWL650 + that had become dated . Though it still worked , it was not able to interface with some of the newer security demands . This is a much faster replacement . It works well with both XP-Professional Linux -LRB- both Ubuntu and Puppy -RRB- .
 I bought this item to use on a Linux laptop . Installation was easy as Ubuntu pretty much took care of everything . I 've been using it for a couple of months w/out interruption . Works great .
 Easy installation . Worked with no probems . Low price . Arrived in about 3 days after I ordered it , in time for a Christmas gift . What more could I ask for ?
 I wanted a PCMCIA wireless card for my 2.4 Ghz -LRB- older -RRB- laptop running Slackware 12.0 . After fussing with / etc/rc . d/rc . inet1.conf and getting ndiswrapper set up , everything works fantastic ! I was wondering how a $ 9 card would be , but I highly recommend it .
 When your laptop 's built-in wifi card dies , just buy one of these instead of spending over $ 100 at the shop fixing it . Great backup wifi card .
 I do a little bit of gaming and have compared wireless to running a hard wire and do n't find any difference in speed or signal strength . It works well throughout my house -LRB- two story 2500 square ft -RRB- .
 It was easy to install -LRB- except for the password in the instructions was wrong -RRB- and in the month I 've been using the router it has n't given me one problem . Highly recommended .
 Very easy setup . CD included walks you through the setup also includes diagrams . I was up and running with a wireless connection within ten minutes of installation .
 I have had no problems with this wifi router . The signal is strong and consistant . I 'm using it with a Macbook .
 I have no complains , love this product . I wanted something easy to install and that 's what I got . I definitely recommend this over the Linksys equivalent products .
 I am pleased with the performance of the wireless router . I had a Westell 327 before , but it kept dropping the signal and had big problems getting connected if it was set for security . I am having no problems with the DI-624 . I live in an old house . The router is on the second floor and my office is in the basement , so the signal has to go through 2 floors . I am getting 11 to 54 MBps , with an average of 36 MBps through the wireless . Our DSL line is at 100 MBps , so I am very pleased with the performance .
 After reading a lot of pessimistic reviews of this product on the internet I was scared to try yet another wireless router . I trield the 802.11 b version from Netgear ... do not buy that one ! It had horrible range , rebooted my computer several times . I do n't know if this was because I was using the USB adapter or what but the range went from good to bad frequently . So lets move on to this beauty . First of all anything you read about being hard to set up is bull . I 'll run you through my setup process . I wanted to hook up my desktop and notebook wirelessly . And hook the router up to my Xbox . This is what you do ... Hook the router up to your cable box , hook your main computer up to your router . Go to a web site that D-link provides in your manual . It sets up your system . All you have to know is what type of setup you have through your internet provider . If you are cable its Dynamic , DSL is probably something else , etc. . All I did is call Comcast , they told me , boom done . After this was working I hooked up my labtop with the cardbus adapter -LRB- easy easy easy just follow the instructions which are like 3 steps -RRB- . Same goes for the desktop using a PCI adapter from D-link . Now I should mention I was going against all the recommendations of putting the router upstairs for better range . I put my router downstairs with my xbox hooked up directly to it . I have my desktop upstairs . I attached the router to the wall hoping that might help with the range although it probably would n't matter . My desktop works great and the signal has been `` very good '' the entire time and is hooked up at 108 mps ... granted that is not the speed my provider is giving yet ! One more hint !!! You might have a problem in XP in that when I clicked on my connection I found that there was a ` default ' and a ` linklys ' setting for the network . Do n't ask me where ` linklys ' came from but it was on my laptop and desktop . Simply select default in both the top area and bottom area . If you do n't and it says linklys you will not connect at a very high speed . I hope this review helped ! I am by no means an expert but have faith , this will work for you ... but if it does n't its not like you ca n't return it ! - David
 I researched wireless routers for several weeks and finally settled on the DI-624 . I have a Mac , so I needed to make sure the router was completely compatible , and this was . So far , I have not had one problem with signal dropping . Setup was fairly easy . The only difficult part is setting up p2p and torrent sharing programs to work with the firewall . I highly recommend the router .
 Having worked with a 714 and 614 , I was about to go to Linksys for my `` G '' Upgrade . But reviews seemed to favor the Dlink 624 . Well , set up was slick . Performance is great . I had problems with Checkpoint VPN , so I wrote Dlink an Email . Within 4 hours I had a reply that WORKED . I do wish it had 2 antennas . I think the older models had a little better signal strength .
 I purchased the DI-624 -LRB- rev. B -RRB- router , primarily based on a price and dealer recommendation -LRB- the router was the same price as the Linksys unit , but the PCI card and notebook cards were both $ 20 bucks less -RRB- . I was a little dismayed at first . Upon installation of both wireless cards and the corresponding software for all three pieces of hardware , I was unable to connect to the internet through either machine . However , I called D-Link technical service , and was actually connected to a real person within 5 to 7 minutes -LRB- note
 The DI-624 is a very powerful Router with great signal strength . I am using Time Warner Roadrunner Cable here at my home in NYC and set up was simple . It took me 10 minutes to get 54 mpbs on my laptops . All the problems I had involved using the DWL-G650 card on my 3 Fujitsu Laptops and trying to get 108 mpbs . My Win XP Professional laptops recognized my DWL-G650 pc card and connected to the wireless network , but the d-link 's own utility could not see the card and the network . Customer support at D-Link was clueless and inept . Do n't even bother trying to call them . They will only make the situation worse . After 10 hours of pain and suffering , I finally was able to update D-Links Driver to the internal modem of my laptop . XP Professional was very stubborn . But I won out . The 624 Router gets 5 stars from me . The DWL-G650 gets only 31/2 . D-Links customer service gets a Zero . Unless you are good at computers , get a Pro to set this up for you . It is hard .
 I just purchased the three items from D-link to start my home network -LRB- DI-624 , DWL-G650 , and DFE-530TX + -RRB- I was able to get the system up and running within 30 minutes . I was very please with the Quick start manuals and the Web interface to configure the router.Also , I 've check the firewall security and it 's fairly good -LRB- there is a problem with port 113 not being totally stealth but the web site has a configuration change fix that . -RRB- I was able to successfully load the firmware and driver changes to bring the network up to 108Mbits . The only issues that I 've had is getting the WPA to work . From reading articles on-line , I may need an XP service patch to fix this problem.Otherwise , I 've been very pleased with this product and the easy at which I was able to setup my network , connect the internet , and configure the MAC filtering and firewall .
 Although this router supports WEP , it does not support WPA , such as the Linksys WRT54G . This makes the security not as tight and may be a showstopper if you are concerned about hackers . However , the router web screens are really intutive and great . Setting up servers behind this is a snap as well . Good range , but you have to find the right channel as it seems overly susceptible to other wireless networks .
 This is the third router I 've had but the first wireless router . This router allows multiple VPN tunnels which was important to me . Every router I 've had has been easy to set up and the D-link was no exception . I also like how easy it is to update the firmware . I have three computers hooked up using the ethernet ports and one computer hooked up using a D-link Extreme-G PCI card and have had no trouble at all .
 Bought this router after reading rave reviews compared to the LinkSys WRT54G . Setup was relatively painless with the exception of having to re-enter all of my settings following the firmware upgrade . Otherwise , it appears to be working without a hitch . Still need to switch out my wireless network card in my laptop . Hope that change is relatively seamless as well .
 All I had to do was buy this router/AP and now I have 802.11 g coverage throughout my home . Yes I only live in an apartment , but it 's 2 bedrooms and I did n't think I 'd get good coverage because of the weird layout of my apartment.Either way I now have a secure 128-bit WEP encrypted , MAC filtered , and reliable wireless connection . I 've never had problems with my connection dropping , or unwanted users on my network , or even interference of my network.The router portion of this D-Link box works well also . There is n't much I can say about it , since it should just work , and well , it does just that . All my computers have an Internet conenction some wireless , some wired.I just ca n't get over how easy and fun the wireless networking is .
 How 's that for a title line?That 's right this bad boy is what provides myself and my beautiful family with hours of endless fun . Well OK the `` Internet '' actually does that , but this router from D-Link helps share our conenction and keeps us safe from all those mean script kiddies out there.The wireless range on this bad boy is pretty good , but still ca n't reach all corners of my home , but that 's expected since my house is so big . I got a sweet wife AND a boat too . So to get the wireless signal to cover more of my home I bought a couple DWL-G800APs and set them up on opposite ends of the house near the end of the DI-624 's range . Then those DWL-G800AP 's repeat the signal from the DI-624 and whammo ! my wireless coverage has expanded.The security is top notch for it 's price point , and I greatly appreciate the ease of use from the web based interface . D-Link makes it easy to upgrade firmware and each new firmware either fixes something I never had a problem with , or adds new features.Overall this item is great and I 'd recommend getting one even if you do n't live in a big masion like me and my beautiful fammily .
 OK this might have been my only router I 've ever owned , but it is the best . I had a constant problem with my Internet disconnecting and thought it was the router , so I upgraded the firmware , reset , and called tech support . They helped my troubleshoot and found that it was my cable modem that was causing the problem . I was relieved that it was n't this D-Link router.So my cable company replaced the modem , and now everything works great!Thanks for the reliability D-Link !
 I bought this when I bought my new cable modem -LRB- DCM-202 -RRB- and I replaced both at the same time and now my Internet connection is faster and more reliable . I 'm not saying your Internet connection will speed up with this router , just that mine did , and that I am estatic about it all.The router was super simple to setup due to the helpful quick install guide and the wizard thingy in the router . It almost connected automatically since I have a cable modem internet connection , but I wanted to setup the wireless security before I got online.Wireless range is adequate and covers most of my two story home , except for some areas due to walls and things . I get decent wireless speeds with this deivce and I havent had too much trouble to where I blame this router.Overall it 's great and deserves more praise then some people give it . Thanks for reading .
 At first I had no patience for all the rebooting I had to do within the settings . Setup everything so it can connect to the Internet , reboot , find new firmware , download it and install new firmware , reboot . set all the right setting again to connect to the internet , reboot . Forget to change something you did before , set it , reboot.But that 's all over with and now I can get to getting everything I want on the Internet . Some advice to new users is to download the latest firmware BEFORE you take out your old router and upgrade to this new one . It will save you time . : -RRB- I feel that overall the entire setup process was straightforward and to the point . No extra toolbars to install , no hidden agendas , no unecessary features to enable , no necessary features are hidden on some hard to find page within the configuration interface , etc.Now with weeks of uptime with this router I am pleased with my purchase and would recommend it to other . I actually all ready have recommended it to others . : -RRB-
 Great router . Worked flawlessly out of the box . Tried the Netgear WGT624 could ' t get it to work and called tech support.Was told it was a bad router . Second did n't work , had to read the reviews on Amazon to find out about the problem.Netgear does n't acknowledge the problem and provide a fix . I 've had Netgear routers in the past and after this will buy only D-Link only . Why pay more for the Netgear router that may not work and wo n't acknowledge it 's problem . The D-Link has the same proformance for less . The fact they provided firmware to have my version B upgraded to the G plus standard at 108 saids a lot about the company .
 I have my 12 '' PowerBook set to work off of this , while it is connected to my Window 's XP desktop . No problems connecting or maintaining my wireless connection . Works well all over the house , even when the desktop is shutdown during storms.Highly recommend this product !
 I have my 12 '' PowerBook set to work off of this , while it is connected to my Window 's XP desktop . No problems connecting or maintaining my wireless connection . Works well all over the house , even when the desktop is shutdown during storms.Highly recommend this product !
 After reading numerous reviews and looking up range data on cnet , I decided to purchase the DI-624 . Setup was easy and it quickly detected all my network settings . This model supports the improve WPA security . I live in a large 2 story house and have excellent signal strength in all areas of my house . I recommend this product to all . The only improvement I could see would be adding a print server tot he unit .
 I bought this DI-624 router with G520 adapter -LRB- w / driver file upgraded -RRB- for `` ExtremeG '' network of up to 108Mbps . Set-up is easy , and G520 signal reception is excellent , and now the whole network is running at 78 ~ 108Mbps , thanks to `` superG static turbo '' mode set on DI-624 . One thing to note here is that even at 108Mbps , file transfer is not as fast as wired 10/100 network at all . File transfer is just the same as in 11Mbps network . If file transfer inside LAN is what you need , simply stick with your current 802.11 b network.Overall , upgrading from 802.11 b to 802.11 g was wasting money .
 I had the old DLink 614 + router and it works fine except it drops connection every now and then especially when you do heavy P2P downloading , the reason , I had WEP turned onThis 624 router initially behaved the same way and I had WPA turned on , I switched to WEP it still dropped connection and then I turned off all security and went for MAC filtering and it 's been working fine ever since , now I run two P2P which have like hundreds of connections and it 's still workingIf all you do is web surfing , you will be happy with it , if you do P2P like I do , DO N'T use WPA or WEP , DLink web site specifically says that having WAP or WEP increases your chance of getting dropped connection and I think this is true for all routers not just DLinkI have the C revision of the router with latest firmware and B revision of the DLink PC card G650 -LRB- 108 Mbs -RRB-
 Bought the DI-624 Router with the DWL-G650 Wireless card as a combo . When I first got it the router setup with ease but I could n't get the Card to work at all on my Dell Inspiron 4000 . After 6 hours or wrestling with it , finally had to do a system restore of my laptop to clean off what I had put on since it hung my system completely . After a few calls with Dlink and Dell mobile support , I downloaded the latest Bios for my Dell notebook which supports 32 bit computing -LRB- the card requires 32 bit -RRB- and tried it again . This time the Wireless card was recognized and worked but sporadically -LRB- used the Dlink configuration utility -RRB- . When I restarted my machine , the router and card were talking to each other but I could not establish a connection again . Spoke with Dlink support -LRB- yes it takes quite a while on hold to finally get through to them but they were helpful -RRB- and they finally told me to use the Windows XP wireless zero config setup program . Would n't you know , it . Now it all works . With 108mbps throughput as well . I do n't have a big apt but signal strength is excellent throughout.All I can say is be patient , wireless setup is not as straightforward as any of the mfrs . say and for all the Dell notebook users out there , make sure you have your BIOs updated to the latest or you might pull your hair out like I did.Hope this helps all the other non-techies out there .
 I was a bit concerned about range with my wireless network , as by necessity , my wireless router needed to be in at one end of the house in the basement while my wireless PCI card needed to be 2 stories up and at the opposite end of the house . Horizontally , they are about 40 feet appart and vertically they are about 20 feet apart -LRB- making the straight line distance about 45 feet through two sets of ceilings & floors -RRB- . I hooked up the di-624 router and dwl-g520 pci card yesterday . Signal strength was low at first with connection speeds varying between 11mbps and 54mbps , but the connection existed . Then , I upgraded firmware on the dwl-g520 . Since then signal strength has been good to very-good and connection speeds have been a consistent 108mbps . Also , I 've never hooked up a router before in my life , and it was relatively painless to do so and enable WEP.So , to conclude
 I selected the DI-624 router , DWL-G650 card bundle after reading the numerous reviews concerning the easy of setup and encryption options D-Link has . I had a basic understanding of how to set up a network but had never done so and was a little hesitant . I have been pleasantly surprised and how easy it all worked . You always hold your breath waiting for something to go wrong but it did n't here.I installed the DWL-G650 card first in my laptop and it was installed and ready to go in less than 5 minutes . The instructions are about as straight forward as you get . Insert the CD to install the drivers , put the card in and turn on the laptop . Windows will see the new equipment and complete the installation process . That 's it!Next was the router that would have a direct Ethernet connection to my desktop . The DI-624 has 4 ports for a direct cable connection so I would not need a wireless card for the desktop . In the box were 2 cables to make the connection from my cable modem to the router and then the desktop computer . This was a nice surprise since I figured I would have to buy one and in fact had already done so . The steps to install this were just as easy as the laptop card . You unplug the modem and turn off the computer . Connect the modem to the router , the router to the computer . Turn on the modem , wait about 1 minute for the connection to be re-established , plug in the router , and turn on the desktop . From there you follow the Wizard to set up the network which takes 2-3 minutes and Voila ' you 're up and running . That 's it !!! Total time was about 1 hour and only because I kept reading and re-reading the instructions , the actual work time was about 15 minutes total for both.The only hiccup I had was the laptop did n't have a connection initially even though it showed the card installed . I had left it running while setting up the router and after thinking about it for a minute wondering why it was n't working I rebooted the laptop . It recognized the network and has worked great ever since . The direct cable connection with the desktop is at 100Mbps , the wireless connection is 54Mbps . There is not difference between uploads or downloads I can tell with either connectionI am definitely happy with both items and would strongly recommend them .
 I bought the router along with DWL-G650 wireless card for laptop about a week ago.Prior to placing my order -LRB- Amazon.com -RRB- I 've read tons of reviews about various routers from all major brands.There is n't a single wireless router -LRB- within mid-price range -RRB- that would make everyone happy.Since I had not had a wireless router before , my colleagues -LRB- programmers -RRB- as well as online reviews helped me to make this decision . This router had the least amount of negative reviews and the price was very compelling , so I went for it.Things that I like about this router : - Easy installation and wizard configuration ; - Great performance -LRB- I 've noticed my Comcast Cable began working faster with the router connected directly to the desktop through the cable modem -RRB- - It supports file sharing applications like eMule or Kazaa -LRB- Note
 I 've used my DI-624 for nearly two years without incident . I 've used other routers , including a couple by LinkSys and a 1st Gen Apple AirPort , and neither worked as well as the DI-624 has . * It works great with BellSouth DSL . * I have not experienced any major connectivity issues with it . * It 's easy to setup . * It has great range -LRB- 100 + ft -RRB- I 've read a number of the reviews on here where people have had bad luck with this product , and I can only hope that they were anomalies . I have nothing but praise for this router .
 I bought this unit because my company was offering a -LRB- ... -RRB- special pricing deal . I set it up and it all worked flawlessly . Then I updated the driver for my Fujitsu laptop and voila ! I have a 108MB network at home ! Great product !
 I moved from B to G , from Linksys to Microsoft , almost a year ago . I was very happy with the speed enhancements , but MS 's offering was weak . The WAN link would drop several times per day ... very annoying . So , I went to Iraq for six months , and decided -LRB- while I was there -RRB- that I was n't going to put up with crap that did n't work . When I got back , I purchased an entire D-Link super G system.Great stuff . In super G mode , my laptop and HTPC seem as if they 're plugged directly into the DSL pipe . When non-super G folks come over , the speed decrease is noticable , but still very acceptable.Bottom line - If you 're happy with what you 've got , and it 's working , keep it . If you 're a B user looking to upgrade , give the super G a try ; you wo n't be disappointed . If you 're a G user already , do n't bother , wait for the next great bandwidth leap .
 Recently I bougt D-Link DI-624 802.11 g AirPlus Xtreme G 108 Mbps Wireless Router . Very easy to install and configure the wireless network . Definitely recommend this to others .
 After reading a lot of different reviews and examining other wireless products , decided to purchase the DI-624 . Now that I have installed it and used it - wow - this is a great product . I recommend this wireless router to anyone . It took me all of 5 minutes to install and use it . Not to mention the numerous advanced features that even a rookie wireless person such as myself can use .
 After having bought -LRB- and returned -RRB- the SMC SMC2804WBRP-G and the Linksys WCG200 , I purchased the D-Link DI-624 . The most impressive feature of this router is the range . It is located in my basement with many walls between it and the computers . I consistently get 4/5 signal , with speed to match , at the furthest point in my house.The 2.42 version of the software supports DDNS . I happen to use No-IP . com . The DI-624 supports this whereas many routers only support DynDNS.org or TZO.com . This was a nice surprise.I had question concerning the DDNS and called customer support . I was on hold for maybe a minute before my call was answered . The tech then told me exactly how long I had to wait for him to get the answer and , sure enough , within the promised two minutes , he returned with the answer . Contrast that to the previous night where I spent my evening on hold with linksys and suffered through two disconnects.The firmware may not appear as visually polished as the firmware in the various linksys products but do n't let that fool you . Feature for feature , the DI-624 delivers.I did not yet have a chance to try the Super G mode with combines channels and performs other performance enhancements . But at 802.11 g rates and after my experiences with other products , I 'm quite happy with the native performance.I am writing this on my Mac PowerBook and also have a Windows XP machine so , as you can see , the router is compatible with the Airport card in the Mac.If you are looking for a solid performer , I definitely would recommend the DI-624 .
 It did n't take long to actually get this working and to connect my wireless PC in the other room to the network . Basically you plug it all in -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- login to the router 's interface , and follow the step by step setup wizard . Then just make sure it is working , -LRB- 5 Minutes -RRB- . The speed is fast , the range covers the entire house , and the price is nice as you can see . I 'd recommend it to all .
 Perhaps it 's my familiarity with D-Link equipment and D-Link configuration interfaces , but setting-up the DI-624 was a breeze.I 've always found the web-based configuration on D-Link routers and WAPs to be relatively intuitive , although it can sometimes be a challenge to find the specific option you 're looking for . Lots of clicks of buttons and tabs in your web browser may be required before the desired option is located.I 'm not sure that a novice would be able to set-up the DI-624 on their own -LRB- or any WAP and/or router for that matter -RRB- , but for me , entering the required information took just a few minutes and a couple of reboots of the device , and all was set and working fine.Since this unit replaced an older WAP device , and the configuration was the same , existing notebooks and wireless devices reconnected with ease.When used with the DWL-G650 PCMCIA -LRB- CardBus -RRB- adapter I purchased with this product , the performance was as advertised . Once it was all set-up , I did a few file transfer tests , and experienced performance on-par with 100 Mbit wired Ethernet ... Truly incredible!Better still , distance specs were truly terrific . The DI-624 is located in the garden level of my home . Performance throughout the house and my patio was outstanding . The connection was maintained perfectly , and speeds stayed high at every point . Surprisingly , it out-performed the D-Link DI-614 + it replaced -LRB- an 802.11 b router/WAP -RRB- by a fair margin in both raw speed -LRB- as expected -RRB- and in distance -LRB- which I did not expect -RRB- . D-Link products do n't always fetch the best reviews by magazines , but they 've always served me well . Admittedly , D-Link 's firmware and driver updates can sometimes introduce anomalies ; keeping configuration back-ups is probably a good idea as a result -LRB- something the web interface on this unit makes easy -RRB- . In any case , this one 's a winner in my book .
 I 've had this router for a month now and am completely satisfied . I use this with the dlink dwl-g650 pcCard -LRB- also very good -RRB- over dsl w/sbcglobal . This was the first time I set up a network and there were lots of little things that needed to be tweaked , so the free 24/7 tech support really came in handy -- never waited more than a few minutes to talk to someone . The manual is thorough and well written . And the router 's performance is excellent .
 I finally upgraded from an older dlink router . The difference was incredible . I was online in 5 minutes without any setup required at all .
 This is a good by , especially with the rebate!I started out with the Microsoft MN-610 , which is only 802.11 b , but returned it to purchase this . For about $ 20 more , I was able to purchase this 802.11 b & 802.11 g compatible router.Router was very easy to set up . My only complaint is that I can not figure out any method to stop broadcasting the SSID-this seems like it would help secure the system . Also , WEP should be enabled by default .
 Was up and running almost immediately . Instructions are plain and easy to follow . Very good support .
 I do n't see why D-Link could keep selling all of these -LRB- on of their most popular products from what I hear -RRB- and have them all not working . I see so many complaints , but I ca n't say I sympathize with any of them . My 624 router works great , and always has.I basically followed the instructions when setting it up , and even opened some ports so my son and I can play some online games while stil being protected . The wireless works great and is fast enough for gaming with my laptop .
 I had zero problems setting up the DI-624 . First thing I did was to update the firmware to latest version . No problem there either . The unit gave immediate top notch performance and I changed location from desktop to bottom shelf with no degradation . You need a matching 108mps adapter to get 108mps speed but for me , 54mps is fine.All the wireless routers work on 2.4 ghz , so if you have a 2.4 ghz wireless phone , then there is bound to be a problem.Price with rebate was also attractive.Don ' t forget to enable ` Block WAN Ping ' which is disabled by default .
 I bought this router when it first came out and I certainly do n't regret it . As long as you buy this router , the matching card , and upgrade to the latest firmware , there is no problem . In fact , I 've never had a dropped signal anywhere on my property . I frequently have people over that have other brands of cards , and their 's seem to work great as well . Do n't listen to the people who are too lazy to put on the good firmware . I in fact enjoy this router so much , I 've gotten other people to buy it and am going to purchase a second one for my other house .
 Overall , this router works great and has excellent range . Setup was a breeze as was downloading and installing the latest firmware.The only drawback preventing a five-star rating is the WAP-PSK performance , which constantly drops the connection with an AirPlus Xtreme G PCMCIA card . The best connection speed is 36 Mbps , which is fine for Internet browsing , but the connection is so unstable as to make it unusable . The workaround is to let Windows XP manage the connection , but the current Microsoft drivers limit your connection speed to 54 Mbps.The WEP security works great and does n't seem to affect bandwidth much . Combined with MAC address filtering it should be sufficient in a neighborhood without other wireless connections , but hopefully D-Link will offer some updated firmware to fix the WAP-PSK problems soon .
 My first try with this product was terrible dissapointing . The router keep disconecting every 10/15 minutes.Finally realized that the problem was not the router but my Wireless card . I have a Intel Pro/Wireless 2100B or something like that . It is 802.11 b standard , and found out that not fully compatible with WEP encryption.The solution ? I installed Intel PROset Utilities which gives compatibility with every security standard at this time.Now my connection works great , great range , great speed.Before blaming the router , find out if your networking card fully supports WEP or any other security standards .
 All 5 of our computers are connected wirelessly to this one AP/router . We are barely on all at the same time , but when we are this thing can handle it . I like it because I can implement some parental controls to keep some of that filth out of my childrens view . Of course I ca n't block it all , but this router does help . The security works great , the setup is easy , and the managment is simple . We all can get good to fair signal strength with our DWL-G650 in any part of the house . We have n't had any dropped wireless connections since the install . Overall this is a perfect router/AP for those with 11G capabilities .
 I recently installed the DWL-G650 into my two year old laptop equipped with XP . Connected to the cable modem is a 5 year old HP running windows 98 which is also attached to the DI-624 wireless access point . Both my laptop and the PC are getting great speeds ; the PC has achieved 1.9 Mbs -LRB- average about 1.4 Mbs -RRB- and my laptop 1.6 Mbs -LRB- 1.2 Mbs average -RRB- . Absolutely at the top of my list for the easiest setup for computer `` periferals '' -LRB- sp ? -RRB- I live in an apartment , so the need for range is not an issue -LRB- and I infact hav n't tested that aspect -RRB- though I doubt the D-Link devices would not do great . Very satisfied .
 I was a little reluctant on buying this product , having read previous reviews of non full compatibility with 802.11 b products . Finally , I decided to take my chances.Needless to say that within 15 minutes the router was set up and running . I tested it with D-Link DWL-650 + -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- wireless PCMCIA card as well as with DWL-G650 -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- wireless PCMCIA card . In both cases it worked just fine !! And the most important , my IPAQ 5455 -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- was connected with the network seamlessly in both cases . -LRB- Maybe the last firmware patch from HP has something to do with this -RRB- . Unfortunately , I could not test it with 802.11 b cards of other manufacturers.Now , I can place a DVD in my desktop computer and watch it wirelessly on my laptop at full motion , while at the same time I am downloading my email at my IPAQ . Isn ' t that amazing?However , there is a strange thing happening , which the technical support of the company has not been able to help me solve up to this moment
 bought this wireless router along with the DWL-G650 wireless card adapter and overall it pretty good . it is quite fast , no complaints there , and has great range -LRB- i can use it in any room in my house , even downstairs -RRB- . the only compliant i have is that once in a while , my laptop loses connection after it has been on standby or has been powered off . its easy to fix -LRB- i just unplug the router for a few seconds and plug it back in -RRB- but its just annoying since the router is in another room and i have to walk over there . i 'd say this happens on average , once every couple days . its not so inconvenient that i 'm returning the router , but if it worsens at all , then i probably will -LRB- i bought the router and card together from costco , which has a good return policy -RRB- . it 's a pretty expensive router , so while i have n't had many problems at all , you may be able to find a better deal for your money elsewhere .
 After reviewing every wireless system out there for months , I decided to go with the D-Link 624 router and the corresponding wireless cards . I needed to hook up 4 computers . One on 98,2 on 2000 and one on xp . Each set up was quick , painless , and trouble free . No need for tech support on this one . It does n't get much easier . Just follow the step by step instructions in order and correctly and you are all set . Highly recommend this product . Just a note , if you are operating a platform of Windows NT , this product will not run on it .
 After having the SMC router for 3 years , I had an intermittent DNS lookup problem since few months ago after I had Vonage . Then I bought this router with the G650 802.11 g card . It rocks ! Somehow the DNS lookup problem is gone and it is extremely fast . The only issue is that I can not get it to work in 108Mbps even with the newest firmware/driver ...
 TheD-Link DI-624 Wireless Router installed and ran flawlessly The Quick Installation Guide was outstanding . No problems whatsoever . The DI-650 Wireless Modem started up immediately in my laptop , and worked as smoothly as the direct Ethernet connection from my desktop machine.My laptops Windows 2000 Operating system warned that the drivers had not yet been certified by Microsoft . I decided to let the install proceed anyway . Did n't seem to matter . Everything worked perfectly . The wireless modem reported it was doing 54MBPS rather than the theoretical maximum of 108MBPS that one should get from a Super G Router .
 With five computers in the house , my wife was getting fed up with cables . We needed wireless . But after reading through the many anguished pleas for networking help across the Net , we approached this whole wireless idea with fear and doubt . Our concern was unfounded.We selected D-Link because their website was so informative . It appeared that their support might be just what a network novice needs.For a couple of days we delayed getting started with the setup just because of fear . Finally , we sat down with the Install Guide and started with the first step , then step two , etc. . Within a surprisingly short time we were finished and everything worked ! And it continues to work!With D-Link 's help , we are happy to say that the hardest part of the entire setup process was figuring out how to get the cover off of one of the computers.We do n't know enough yet to be checking speeds or testing range , but we can say that our surfing experience is just as smooth and fast as it was when wired . And we do n't have cables on the floor.We think those who are seeking network help should have visited D-Link .
 I was skeptical of buying this product online because I had made up my mind that it was not going to work and I would have to return it . So I decided to go with Best Buy to make returns easier . Up until a week or two ago , I could n't even tell you what a router was which tells you how much of a novice I am . I also purchased the D-Link PC Card which was also effortless to install . After installing the card on my laptop , I moved on to installing the router . Most of that time was spent reading the manual because I wanted to make sure I did every step exactly right . During the set up wizard , I did have to make a call to my ISP to find out what kind of connection I have but that was the ONLY tech support call I had to make . 30 minutes later I was up & running . I am very surprised and very pleased .
 Although I no longer own the DI-624 , my experience with the device was positive . I enabled Super-G w / Static Turbo exclusively , so that it communicated with the DWL-G650 CardBus that I had at the highest possible speeds . For Internet access , it was connected to a DSL modem.I used my laptop with the CardBus in every room of my house . At the farthest point from the router -LRB- about 45 feet spanning 3 standard walls at varying angles -RRB- , the cardbus ' strength readings hover around 50-55 % and my throughput averages 48Mbps . I have transmitted rather large TIFFs -LRB- I work in the printing industry -RRB- from my laptop to my computer , which is wired to the router , without fail or concern for speed.I RMA 'd the DI-624 router and the DWL-G650 CardBus because I could not find another D-Link product to complete my wireless networking needs . I bought a DWL-2000AP along with the router and card so that I could -LRB- at least I thought I could -RRB- connect another wired network wirelessly to the router . Unfortunately , the DWL-2000AP is not compatible at all with the DI-624 , despite what D-Link 's product description web page for the DWl-2000AP states . -LRB- This has been confirmed with D-Link 's technical support . -RRB- Please note that if you have two wired networks located in separate parts of your house and you wish to connect them wirelessly with D-Link products , you will have to use two DWL-2000APs . If you want Internet access , then you 'll need to add a wired router to it . For details , check out D-Link 's web site . The information is there ; it 's just buried.Overall , I was pleased with the performance of the DI-624 . If you have simple networking needs such as sharing files , a printer , or an Internet connection between several laptops and wired computers , then consider the D-Link DI-624 . P.S. Because I needed to wirelessly connect two separately wired networks , support a wireless connection for my laptop , and share an Internet connection to all of the computers , I ended up buying the following Netgear products
 If you 're comfortable setting up your own wireless network , this is an amazing product . Coupled with the DWL-G650 , and updated software , this connection screams!However , if you 're looking for techncial support , be advised that the outsource technicians do n't know what they 're talking about , and you 'll most likely need to get to Tier II level support before you hit the jackpot of someone actually knowing something about the software/firmware/OS interface.If you have McAfee Firewall installed , you may need to reinstall a . dll to make this work .
 With the newest firmware released a week or two ago I now have cable testing software . I can check and see if the cables that are connected to my router are good and not faulty . This will also show where the fault in the cable is up to a meter of accuracy.I am impressed with the performance of this router even though it only has one antenna . In fact I think I get better range with this one antenna than my friend does with a different brand that has 2 antennas . The speeds are fast enough for me , not sure exactly how fast that is , but I have no problems playing MP3 files off my PC on my wireless laptop , or web surfing , or even gaming.I am impressed with this router and glad I got it on sale.Thanks D-Link !
 So far I 've been able to get this working within about 30 minutes . I did n't need to call tech support because the manual and quick install guide answered my questions . I am now conencted to my SBC Yahoo DSL with very fast speeds . Even with wireless I get blazing speeds.This was also the first time I had experience with wireless networking . I 've read some articles to prepare myself , but that 's about it . But D-Link helped with the setup wizard that guides you through the setup , plus the manual which helps explain things a little better.Overall I am very satisfied and would suggest this DI-624 and a DWL-G650 if you have a laptop and DSL conenction you want to share .
 I set this up in my home office area , which is convieniently located in the middle of the house , but at the same time off to the side of the main portion of the house . I 'm not sure if this router gets good range because of the location , the brand , or the adapter card I have in my laptop , but I sure do have a large area of available Internet access now . My entire house is now a hotspot and some parts of the yard out front and back can still get a signal.The setup for this router was easy and painless . Barely worth mentioning actually . The security options that come with this router are worth mentioning though . With MAC Filters and 128-bit WEP I am sure nobody will be trying to get in my network.I like this router and access point and am glad D-Llink can make a good solid product , both router and adapter card -LRB- G650 -RRB- .
 802.11 g is a great thing . Speeds this fast are almost unoticable . What I mean is you really ca n't tell if you are wireless or wired to your network because of the speeds this protocol delivers . I have this router and the CardBus adapter for my laptop and the speeds are excellent . I ca n't get enough of it.The features on this D-Link model are great . Plenty of security options , with `` to-be-added '' WPA and 802.1 x coming soon , and the high bit WEP.This router has provided solid internet access for me for about 2 weeks now and I am very greatful for going with D-Link . i think you will be too .
 Technically this was my first attempt to setup a wireless home network . Before I was using an ad-hoc connection between my laptop and desktop . I followed the manufacturer 's quick setup guide and everything went well except I could n't get my DSL to work through the d-link router . Called my ISP to get the settings but they 've got a monopoly so they could n't care less about assisting , so I gave up . However , I decided to upgrade the firmware and everything worked well after that ... I had wireless internet , could access the desktop and print wirelessly.One comment though , I wish Amazon would state the revision of the hardware for all computer components on their website . Rev. C of this router is the only one that can have its firmware upgraded and the information is as important as the edition of a book . If I could n't upgrade the firmware the equipment would not work as it should have . Con
 Extremely easy to setup . Had full wireless capability in under 1 hour . I have recomendend this router to three of my friends and everyone has loved it so far . Usually rebates on this model so it 's realatively inexpensive and worth the money .
 I bought this router in conjunction with a new notebook that is my first . It 's meant to be a desktop replacement , so I still only have one computer hooked up . This router works great as an access point/wi-fi router ! Even for someone with no experience , I was hooked up within 10 minutes out of the box . The software has a nice easy connection wizard . The signal is strong all through my 2 story house . I know I 'm not using it to its full potential , but I highly recommend it for ease of use !
 This latest version of D-Link 's Wireless Router is a significant improvement from the 802.11 b version . Better range and while it is also limited by the speed of the internet connection , speed between wireless users and the router is much improved and more reliable .
 I have owned three DI-624 's since the product line has been released spanning all three hardware revisions . 2 are still in use and one was lost -LRB- rev B -RRB- to a great dane puppy that thought it to be a new toy for him to play with . -LRB- Note - although well made , the D-Link is definitely NOT a good dog toy . -RRB- I have also owned 2 Linksys and 1 Netgear router and have found the D-Link to be the best -LRB- IMHO -RRB- of the hardware I 've owned in terms of ease-of-use , range , and uptime . That 's not to say I did n't experience a few hiccups with the D-Link , I did encounter a couple of firmware updates that had less than happy results -LRB- see reboot issue in other reviews -RRB- , but these were usually resolved easily with reverting back to the prior firmware revision until a replacement update was available . I ca n't fault this with D-Link as I 've encountered this with the Linksys as well . Sometimes mistakes are made and they make it to the public , it happens and I 'll bump them a star for it . But all in all I have been nothing but satisfied with my purchases and would recommend the DI-624 to anyone looking for a wireless `` G '' router .
 I had a Belkin 54Mbps router and took it back because it did n't have the range I needed . At about 30 ' away , it was losing connection with four different wireless cards.So , I got an Airlink 108Mbps rounter and took it back because I did n't like the software inside of it . On the other hand , it had the range I needed.So , I bought a Belkin 125Mbps . Again , same user friendly software and firewall , but no range . So , back it went.On the suggestion of a friend who is a network administrator with a wireless phone service provider , I got the D-Link . The price is better than the Belkin , the software is almost as good , and it has the range of the Airlink.The D-Link is staying .
 I ordered the D-Link DI-624 to provide wireless access for an iBook and Thinkpad using our high speed cable connection . I followed the simple instructions in the box and had everything running smoothly with the iBook in less than 5 minutes . It only took another 5 or so to get the security parameters I wanted setup -LRB- shared key WEP encryption -RRB- . I found the configuration interface on the router to be really straightforward and easy to use . The Thinkpad took a little bit more work to get using the wireless connection - but through no fault of the router 's . Windows XP is just a little bit trickier to configure than Mac OS X 10.3 . All in all , the configuration took no more than 30 minutes tops and I 've not touched the thing since . It 's a great router and very fast with very good signal strength .
 This is my third wireless system . The last either had bad reception problems , bad connection problems or just stopped working . They both were SMC systems . They both were small nightmares to get up and running , and of course customer support sucked . I got rid of my last wireless system which was 802.11 a which I bought because I thought it was much better . I am not a computer wiz I 'll admit that but this technology should be easy for people like me to set up and use . I am who they sell this stuff to.I read reviews and decided to get this system with the D-link DWL-G650 . I held my breath when I started setting it up . I was waiting for the minute when I would realize that I would need to call customer support . That did n't happen . This system did almost set itself up . I have a 2.4 GHz phone and it does n't seem to effect the range . I live in a brick house and I just went outside in my driveway , on the other side of house from where my wireless router is set up and I was getting almost 100 % full signal strength . The online interface is very easy to use and the instructions are easy to follow . I did upgrade the firmware before I set up any of the hardware and the 108Mbps system is up and running . I ca n't say if this system will work tomorrow , but today I am very suprised at how it works .
 Compatibility issues are always present and , depending on hardware you already have , there is a chance that any given router will not work for you . That said , I had a chance to test my DI-624 on four networks -LRB- both LAN/Ethernet and Wireless B/G -RRB- and it worked perfectly . Cable modems I 've used were Motorola , Cisco and Netgear.I know D-Link 's tech support is somewhat sketchy in the US , but I do n't think this is a product you 'd need support on . It self-explanatory , really . You can access it 's configuration interface from any PC that 's connected to one of it 's four LAN ports via Internet browser on 192.168.0.1 . However , there 's only wireless SSID and optional password to set , everything else in plug and play . Unless you want to customize firewall , DHCP and things like that . Actually , there 's a demo of this interface on manufacturer 's site so you can check it out yourselves.Using DI-624 in a home network with 3 `` wired '' PCs and 2 wireless notebooks has been a trouble free experience . Suddenly , all 5 PCs were connected to the Internet and were in LAN . It 's range is superb - I can connect to it from the parking , which is some 300ft from my builing , and router is on the 5th floor , behind a reinforced concrete wall . Of course , inside the apartment itself , reception is always perfect . I just had to set password , though , so I would n't provide free wireless Internet to entire building .
 I 've owned this router for about a year . Its primary usage is light to medium home web browsing and Apple Mac < -- > Windows XP PC networking . Since then I 've upgraded the firmware twice . The latest firmware update added WPA support , a much needed replacement for WEP 's mediocre wireless security . I 've used the D-Link DI-624 on wired/wireless sessions with no problems . I 'm using a Mac PowerBook aluminum on wireless to write this review . My current DI-624 setting using a Mac PowerBook is Super G with Dynamic Turbo -LRB- backwards compatible -RRB- , 802.11 g only enabled . I ca n't compare this to similar routers made by other companies , this being my only purchased router , but I 'm satisfied with its performance and ease of use via browser configuration . There are plenty of professional reviews on the web , so be sure to read all you can before buying any brand of router . A router is an amazing device and I 'd never use the Internet without one.As other reviewers have stated , the help files are n't the best . It would be nice to see a router help menu that stays current with each new firmware update and feature set . There is additional help information on D-Link 's web site if you desire more information , such as settings for WPA and what it means for your home or business network . There was a bug in the configuration wizard in earlier firmware versions , but I 'm not sure if it has been fixed since . Nonetheless , manual configuration is what I 've always used to apply changes.I strongly recommend before you finalize your network , you apply any available firmware updates to both your router * and * computer hardware -LRB- wireless card -RRB- . A router firmware update will wipe out any MAC filtering data , settings , etc. . There are two firmware updates for this model , so be sure to note how to tell what file you need and only apply the correct one . Jot down information that you might need to enter after the update . Complete the router upgrade over a wired network , not on a wireless connection . Update your operating system and drivers first thing , as always .
 The setup of the router is simple . You can actually go to D-Link 's website and use the emulator , that way you can get an idea on what the configuration screens look like.I have the Rev C router , which is smaller and has only only 1 antenna . It supports both WEP and WPA security.The range in my 2 story house is good . The router is on the second floor . From time to time , while sitting down stairs , I will get interference from my Neighbors router , if my card loses connection with my router.With the firmware upgrade you get speeds of up to 108 mbps . I average around 42 mbps sitting downstairs . Keep in mind if you have any wireless hardware that does not support 108 mbps turbo mode it will prevent your router from using it.I have had it for a month now , so far everything is working good .
 This router is my first wireless one ever and I am very pleased with the purchase . After a lot of research , I decided on the D-Link . I have read that LinkSys routers set the standard for ease of use , but I can not really imagine how much easier installation and setup can get ! Honestly , I had the router setup in under 10 minutes with my laptop connected to my cable modem and accessing the internet via the router 's LAN port -LRB- i.e. ethernet cable -RRB- . The router sports some nice firewall features . I was not too impressed with the online help however . Several options that the router offers for configuration were not described in the online help -LRB- stored in router firmware -RRB- . The D-Link support site has decent information , perhaps enough for you to get most problems taken care of . However , I had an issue when using the D-Link DWL-G650 card with WAP security which after about 6 hours of frustration got resolved in about 5 minutes with a phone call to customer service . Anyway , this was no fault of the router itself since the blame lies on the outdated driver D-Link ships with the PC card . I use AT&T VPN solution to access my office network and the router works just fine . The DHCP server came up just fine and my machines were happily on the network via wires.Pros : - easy to setup - good security features - D-Link website has pretty good cust service info - IPSEC VPN passthrough worked without any issuesCons : - online help included in firmware not the best - Several advanced options of firewall etc not very well documented -LRB- ie . not that easy to use for those inexperience with advanced security settings -RRB- Overall , I 'd give this router a 4.5 stars and would definitely consider it a good buy for both the novice as well as experienced computer users .
 The Dlink DI-624 router/wireless AP is working great . I bought this when I bought a new Mac w / Airport Extreme -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- ... It plays very friendly w / both Macs and PCs , and Dlink is on the few companies out there who specifically advertises that they support mac -LRB- I know they all do since it 's not software specific , but it 's nice for them to at least give effort !! -RRB- The Router is very good ... it was setup w / my cable modem in moments , with a few more minutes of looking around -LRB- did n't touch a manual except to learn the default login procedure -RRB- I was able to have the router configured to my specific private IP address range -LRB- this was replacing another unit , so I wanted to keep everything the same -RRB- . I was also able to setup the unit to email me logs of renewals/connections -LRB- just to be sure my neighbors are n't using it ! -RRB- The wireless has been flawless so far ... the speed is quick , while I have n't done any exact measurements , I can say that 's it 's a big boost over 802.11 b from what I 've seen so far.The range has been great too ... the unit is setup in the utility room of my basement , the room where my laptop is most often used is also in the basement ... but I 'm able to go the top level and still have connection ... looking forward to nicer weather so I can go outside with it!It 's much bigger -LRB- physically -RRB- then I expected ... but it 's on a shelf next to my furnace so what do I care ... but if you 're going to have this sitting on your desk or shelf , keep the size in mind .
 Well after reading tons of reviews between the Dlink and the NetGear 108Mbps Super G Wireless Routers I decided to purchase the DLink DI-624 . The prices on Amazon were similar as were the rebates so money was n't the deciding factor . Being a Macintosh user I wanted to make sure it 'd be no problem to use , as most things are built for PC these days ... and the DLink was more recommend towards Macintosh users than NetGear.Only down thing that surprised me about the DLink is that it is housed in a silver plastic shell , not brushed metal as I thought . No big deal . And for those that complained you ca n't stand it on it 's side . They now ship it with a stand similar to NetGear 's so you can sit it on it 's side.I basically installed it out of the box to my ComCast Cable internet line . Went through all the installation proceedures in the quickstart guide and was up and running . I have not updated the firmware , as it shipped with version 2.28 and see no reason to fix something that 's not broken , though I will probably update it soon just to keep things current . I 'm running it in 128 bit encryption mode and have been able to keep connected with no problems inside my home . I 'm runing one iMac on ethernet , a PC tower on ethernet , a Mac G4 laptop on wireless using the internal airport card , and a PC laptop on wireless all using the DLink router ... and it all works just fine ! No connection problems , nothing ! Just enter the correct password and it 's a go.I 've also used NetGear routers in the past and have had no problems with those either . I do n't know how people get confused or end up with faulty products . I 'm no I.T. pro , but I understand the basics ... No reasons not to buy this product . I 'm guessing I would n't of had a problem with NetGear 's wireless router also , but who knows ...
 I 've been working with 802.11 for two years now , setting up networks for friends , family and small businesses , so I 'm fairly experienced . when I set up my networks , they are secure - 128-bit shared bit encryption , SSID broadcasting disabled and the end-all defense of MAC address filtering , which is how I configured this router . installation and configuration was a breeze , and the configuration options for this router cover just about any and every setting you could think of -LRB- VPN/PPTP support - excellent ! -RRB- . after a couple days of use , though , clients on my network started to suddenly and inexplicably stop seeing the router , right in the middle of active use . one client connection would go down while my other clients hummed along fine in full contact with the router . at another time , one client would see the router fine , put the client could n't ping it . TCP/IP was n't the fault , the loopback address worked fine , the problem lay elsewhere in the OSI model . disabling the NIC and re-enabling it -LRB- WXP -RRB- would solve the problem , though . baffling . since clients were randomly loosing contact with the router , I hunched that turning SSID broadcasting back on - against my security preferences - would solve the problem and , for now , it apparently has . at least I still have the power of MAC address filtering in place , so if someone really wants to try cracking the encryption and then spoofing a MAC address , have at it . my suggestion would be to move on since there a many easier targets out there , guys . note that all this applies to a DI-624 Rev C with the latest firmware -LRB- the upgrade of which was a snap -RRB- . contrary to some of the other reviews here , I 've found D-Link 's tech support to be excellent - thorough , patient and able to actually support , but each situation is unique and your mileage may vary . I did have some problems getting my DWL-G650 PC card to operate at the advertised Super G transmission rate -LRB- it started off at 11 Mbps ! -RRB- , which I will write about under the reviews for that specific card when I get a chance . if you 've been thinking about upgrading to a wireless network , I do indeed recommend D-Link 's products -LRB- I keep all parts of my network under the same vendor for ease of support and a better chance of minimizing problems -RRB- . if you 're a novice user and are n't going to do advanced configurations like the kind I discuss here , I 'm guessing there wo n't be a single hitch . and seeing as how I paid almost three times the cost of this router for my 802.11 b router two years ago , the prices ca n't be beat . frankly , I do n't see how they could get much lower . and the transmit speed of Super G is awesome - I stream mp3 's off my file server all day long without any hiccups . I give the DI-624 a four star rating simply because nothing 's perfect - as witnessed by the minor issues I had - but overall I definitely buy it again .
 I purchased this to swap out my SMC Barricade router . It took me less than 5 minutes . I am running WinXP Pro , NAV2003 , ZoneAlarmPro and other such . I have had absolutely NO problem with this item . My laptop with a competitor 's wireless 802.11 b card picked it right up and does so everytime -- no configuration was necessary . My main system also picked it right up with NO configuration necessary.I have since installed a DLink wireless print server -LRB- DP-311U -RRB- and it too was seamlessly integrated ... in spite of the nattering nabobs claiming demons and nefarious conspiracy by DLink ... I highly recommend this product .
 With the new firmware D-Link just released I get double my speeds I was getting before . The best part is that it 's a free upgrade . Basically they get better efficiency out of the data transmissions thus improving the speeds of their wireless products.This router has been nothing but good to me since I bought it about a month ago . It does n't seem that long now , but I 've really only had to fiddle with the router when I first installed it -LRB- about 5 minutes -RRB- and when I upgrade the firmware -LRB- about 5 minutes -RRB- . Other than that I can just forget it is even there . Yet it is giving me wireless freedom with my laptop , protecting me from naughty hackers , securing my wireless network , and sharing my Internet with multiple PCs.All-in-all this is a great router and well worth the price . especially now that it gets twice the speed it was before .
 That 's how I like it at least . Everytime I get some sort of networking product or when a friend of mine is having problems I ask if it has been updated to the latest version since that usually fixes most problems . In this case I did n't even bother with the firmware that came with this router . And with the newest firmware they added Static DHCP . you can now leave your PCs configuration on obtain automatically , but still get the same IP each time . Thus making firewall filters easier to administer.I get good signal through one floor straight down and into the basement . It keeps my computer connected all the time and my speeds are good enough to stream MP3s and Videos across my network.Recommended .
 I got this router in November 2005 . First impressions - well in terms of looks , it 's not ugly , and it 's not pretty . But all I 'm looking for is functionality.It seems that later versions of this router addressed complaints that some users have had - namely that you could n't mount the router vertically -LRB- it now has optional clip on feet that let you do this -RRB- and lack of wall mounting options -LRB- it has wall mount hardware -RRB- . I used neither of these but found the option to use them very nice.I followed the instructions and it was up and running faster than my Microsoft MN-100 router it replaced . It came with the version 2.42 firmware , which seemed to make the router reboot every 20 minutes . I turned off the non-standard `` super g mode -LRB- 108 mbps supposedly -RRB- '' , which reduced the rebooting to once every few hours . Upgrading the firmware to version 2.5 and 2.70 did n't eliminate the daily reboots , so I tried to version 2.71 beta 10 firmware and it 's been running for 5 days without interruption.So far I like the router , but the web interface could be simplified a bit . It has a bewildering set of options and it 's tricky to do port forwarding -LRB- it 's under advanced , then virtual servers . Not exactly intuitive . -RRB- This is probably great for a techie , but the MN-100 was much simpler and better designed in this regard.Overall a nice value for the money , but if you want less trouble be sure to disable the Super G option right off the bat , as it is not part of the official Wi-Fi standards and seems to cause instability - the speed increase is n't worth it . Also be sure to try different firmwares if you ca n't make your settings work .
 I am a home user with an Internet connection , 2 desktops and one laptop . This is fairly normal . One desktop is next to the router & cable modem . One desktop is down the hall from the router & modem . The laptop , obviously , roams around our 2 story `` cookie cutter '' home in Southern California.I have desktop 2 and the laptop working wirelessly using D-Link DWL-G520 -LRB- desktop -RRB- and DWL-G650 -LRB- laptop -RRB- . The desktop next to the router is plugged in using Ethernet cable.Ok this is all pretty standard.This wireless router works great for my setup.Setup was rather painless , setting the encryption was easy after you figure it out -LRB- read the instructions ! -RRB- and the wireless coverage in my home is excellent . The laptop is connected to the Internet no matter what room its with usually a 60 % or better signal strength . The desktop down the hall always has 80 % or better signal strength -LRB- Always in the green -RRB- . I have n't had any rebooting problems other people have been claiming , nor have I had drops in wireless while in use . Maybe I got a `` good '' batch . Either way I followed instructions and it all worked as planned . I ca n't give this router anything less than 5 stars.Well done D-Link .
 I have this DI-624 , a DWL-G650 -LRB- 802.11 g CardBus -RRB- , and a DWL-650 + -LRB- 802.11 b + CardBus -RRB- . Everything is working great for me . I get good range and good speeds at those ranges . My wife uses the DWL-650 + in her laptop and I use the DWL-G650 in mine . We both get great range in our home , every room is covered . The speeds are more than enough for web browsing , playing games online , and your everyday normal network traffic.The setup of this router and these cards were very simple and had easy to follow directions to go along with them . The router 's setup was equally simple . It had a simple setup wizard that guides you through the steps needed to get up and running properly .
 I 've had this router up and running for about a year now and I 've run into too few problems to ding thie router from it 's outstanding daily use . I 've thrown everything from LAN gaming , Online gaming , multi-day long download times , VPN passthrough , PCAnywhere access , broadband video phone traffic , not to mention lots of 802.11 g and 802.11 b wireless access.This router can handle it all with the right configurations and proper settings . The problems I had were few and far between and were easily solved with a reboot and/or corrected settings . I was usually the cause of the problems anyway . I 'm a little impatient sometimes . : -RRB- Overall I have to give this router 5 stars and I hope it is at least in your list of products to consider .
 I have owned the D-Link DI-624 for about a year now and moved from San Diego to Florida with no problems setting it up to our cable modem in both places . My daughters laptop picks up a strong signal everywhere in our two-story house and my son plays Xbox Live downstairs -LRB- with the router connected upstairs -RRB- with no trouble at all . Every once in a blue moon -LRB- like once a month -RRB- something trips it and they lose the connection but we just hit the reset button on the back and it 's up and flying again within seconds . I 'm a grumpy , easily irriated man and our monthly reset routine does n't even raise my blood pressure . The wireless internet connection appears to be just as fast as my hardwired connection on our main computer . I 'm happy with the performance .
 Nice product . It has the basic functions and I already connected 3 wireless devices and it is working fine . No delays at all . The range is fine . I live in a 2 store house and it works on the second floor . When I go downstairs it does work but no more than through 2 walls .
 I bought this router along with a D-Link DWL-G520 Wireless PCI Adapter , 802.11 g , 108Mbps both for less than $ 50 ! The router was refurbished but so far it 's worked flawlessly . Pretty decent signal strength , my computers are situated in opposite ends of my house and I really ca n't see any difference in download speed between either one . Thanks Amazon !
 God I love these older D-Link boxes . I used to be a Linksys bigot but around 2000 I noticed that my Linksys routers started having DNS errors after about a year of use . On a whim I bought a D-Link DI-604 back in 2003/2004 . It ran great for many years and still runs great now . I decided that I wanted to use the wireless adapter in my laptop . After seeing people have mixed results with the newer routers I decided tried and true was the way for me so I bought a refurbished DI-624 and it runs as good as new . They 're like the Energizer bunny with a Timex watch .
 The D-Link DI-624 Wireless Cable/DSL Router is probably the best you can buy for the money , and technically superior to all of its competitors in this price range . This is my 3rd purchase of this product -- one for myself a year ago , and two others for friends with a need for a secure wireless environment in their home offices . The documentation -LRB- pdf on CD-ROM -RRB- is excellent for both the novice and experienced tech . Strong WPA security with 128-bit encryption was a breeze by following instructions , and picking up a random key from `` Yellowpipe Internet Services '' at http://www.yellowpipe.com/yis/tools/WPA_key/generator.phpI strongly recommend this product .
 I ordered a DI-624 from Amazon by way of 3BTECH . They sent the wrong Router which was an upgrade a DI-624M . But I used the DI-624 on my system and there is a difference in the speed . 3BTECH told me they where the same but if you read the manual they are not . They would not take it back without me paying a shipping charge and restocking fee . Do n't deal with 3BTECH because Amazon will not back them up and you do n't get the same service like when you deal with Amazon . Stay away from this 3rd party company . You can only contact them by way of e-mail .
 This was my first wireless router at home . It was fairly easy to set up , although the setup utility was a bit difficult to navigate at first . The performance has been good , except for occasional dropped connections .
 After owning us robotics wireless router , I almost gave up on wireless , but I gave this d = link a chance , It did n't work right away , but after calling there customer service , they had it up and running quickly
 After a VERY bad experience with the Linksys WRT54G , I exchanged it for a DI-624 -LRB- rev C1 -RRB- , and it works great . Better signal strength -LRB- 45 % over 40 feet through 2 walls -RRB- than the Linksys -LRB- 35 % -RRB- , and most importantly , it does n't break Outlook 2003 like the Linksys did -LRB- Outlook failed sending large messages ; and Linksys Tech Support could not get it to work and told me to exchange it for another unit ; I did -- with a D-Link DI-624 !!! -RRB- .
 I did n't think netowkring could be this simple . I always thought sharing a broadband connection like Cable would be harder than this . I almost did n't have to do anything except plug it in to the modem and my computers in to it . Bascially if this thing had hands it would connect the cables itself . It does everything else automatically . Except the WEP keys for wireless , of course.Easy setup . Fast internet speeds . Connections are stable from what I see . I see nothing wrong with this D-Link .
 I was astonished by how quickly I got my cable modem internet access working along with the wireless portion of this router in about 30 minutes . I thought it would be hours before I got everything working but I was wrong.Now I feel safe with 128-bit WEP running along with an Internet Firewall to keep out bad people . The 802.11 g speeds are fast and you do n't even notice a difference when being wired or wireless with my laptop on the Internet .
 The D-Link wireless router installed in a flash and was up and running in minutes . The only way to go when using satellite and wireless network -LRB- point access -RRB- .
 The unit seems to work very well but installation using CD rom which came in the box with the wireless router was of no help when I tried to install it at a university dorm where internet was available without a modem . The rep at the toll free number was very helpful and patient and helped set up the router and the encryption key for security . The interent connection at 100 Mbps was super fast .
 I puchased the DI-624 after owning a D-Link wired router . The customer service is n't the best , but I have had very little problem with the previous router or this one . I have been using the DI-624 for about a month now . It has worked perfectly . It is easy to install as well.The only issue I have with the router is that it runs a little hot . I 'm not sure if this will cause problems down the road , but it is something worth noting.Overall ... Good product for a good price
 I was almost returning the router for my money back because I coud n't configure my wireless until I changed the Key Type from HEX to ASCII for WEP security . Both hard wire and wireless work for me so far . I 'll definitely come back for additional review if new issues arise .
 When I read these reviews I always wonder what computer the user has so here goes . I bought this to be used with a Dell Inspiron 9300 laptop that uses the INTEL Pro Wireless 2200 NIC . I opened the box , followed the directions and at first the router did not connect . I assumed this was a setting issue on my laptop and thats what it was . A five minute call to tech support was all I needed . I have a total of 3 computers in my home network and I wanted to be able to add all printers to the network so I could print wirelessly to any of them . I made a few calls to tech support who walked me through it and in no time I was up and printing . As far as dropped connections , I have none in the 2 weeks of operation . Finally , I did need help to get the network secured and D-link was a big help . For the price paid , I think this is a great product . If I had to buy it again I would get a D-link model that incorporates a print server .
 I have used DI-624 rev. C router with DSL to talk to my computers with standard 802.11 g and 802.11 b cards and I do n't have 2.4 GHz phones at home . It is compatible with VPN I need to connect to my company 's computers . It is my 3rd router and 2nd wireless one . It is very easy to setup and very reliable . I have used it for one year without any problem . It also gives me better range comparing to my first wireless router - Linksys 802.11 b router . I do n't have any information regarding 108Mbps .
 I think this is an excelent router i recomended a lot i give it 4 stras because at thebegining i used to have the reebot problems but then i just run the wizard once and it wasll all great.It has an excelent speed and stability also has a very good range .
 I like the simple way this allows you to set it up . Setup wizards in a router are very useful . I was able to plug this into my network , go through the setup wizard and reboot the router all in 2 minutes . I was up and running directly after that reboot , it was great.I get adequate wireless coverage in my home with this router as well . I ca n't think of what more I 'd want from this wireless router . My wireless PCs in the back rooms stay connected and are quite stable contrary to other people 's expereinces.I like the fact that D-Link is able to keep upgrading the firmware on this router . I just noticed the other day how there is a new firmware out . So I downloaded it , installed it into the router and was back up and running with new features and I think I noticed a slight boost in speed . But I 'm not sure.Overall this router is great . Being that it is easy to use and stable .
 After reading all the reviews here , at first I was a bit concern if D-Link will work with my setup at home , since I have a time frame to return the product if it does n't work so I purched this product from Amazon and it arrived at my door step less than a week later . In 15 minutes I was able to get both of my PCs online communicate wireless with this router , the installation is prety straight forward that is if you choose the default installation , but may be a bit confusing if you choose to setup IP address , Firewall , security , etc. . For that you may want to stop and read the manual carefully to understand all the terms , I do n't think a regular user can understand all that , you may want to consider inviting your high tech guru neighbors or friends to help you out if you choose to do this . Do n't forget to download the latest firm ware it may help making the setup trouble free and speedup the router.I have the unit for over a week now and it works flawlessly for me so I am highly recommended this product to new buyer , the price with the rebate ca n't be beat .
 I 've been using my new DI-624 for about a week now . I 'm also using the companion DWL-G650 Cardbus adapter . Both were quick and easy to setup.Documentation is fairly good , although I wish the manual or D-Link website would give more real world examples of how to configure the DI-624 . So far , I 've got it configured with a new network SSID -LRB- the default is `` default '' -RRB- , 64bit hex encryption , MAC address filtering , and shared key authentication . Most of what I 've learned is bits and pieces I 've assembled by searching the D-Link website , and by searching other websites.So far , this router does what it advertised .
 The version of this router that I got needed the latest firmware upgrade to operate in Super G mode and run at 108 Mbps . I installed the router without a hitch . -LRB- I was already using a slower router , so installation was extra easy with the computers already set up to network together -RRB- . It took one minute or less to have the router going . Then I installed the matching card in my notebook . Again , an easy and trouble-free installation that took only one to two minutes . Then I upgraded the firmware , following the instructions on the website . That too took only minutes and was easy to do . Right away , everything ran at a nice 54 Mbps . It took a little longer -LRB- maybe 15 minutes or so -RRB- to track down all the instructions for getting the router and the card to talk to each other in Super G mode . But once I figured out the settings , they hit 108 Mbps and ran at top speed . Everything works great . I have excellent speed from all areas of my house -LRB- using the wireless card on the notebook -RRB- . The router never loses the remote connection -LRB- which was n't true of my old , slower 11 Mbps router -RRB- . I got the router and wireless card as a bundle , which was a good savings over the individual prices . With the current $ 40 rebate , I 'll pay about $ 86 for both . I ca n't recommend it highly enough , and the price is excellent .
 A reviewer said this wo n't work with Alcatel DSL modems . That 's wrong . However , you do need to `` lock '' the DSL-modem-to-router connection to 10 Mbps . You can use the `` CM '' versions of the firmware or , like me , plug an old 10BaseT hub between the modem and the router.I use this with my aiport extreme-equipped iBook G4 in WAP mode . Works great .
 My neighbor has a B revision of this router with two antennas and it works just as good as my RevC . The difference is that the B has two antennas , a not as fast processer , and a little different hardware construction . Overall they work the same.Although only rev C has the upgrade to 108Mbps , rev B will get one soon . Rev A wont get one because it uses a different chipset for wireless operation . But Rev A was made very early in production , before the 802.11 g protocal was even ratified completely . Rev A was an early adoptor router.Overall this router works great . try and get a Rev C obviously , but if you get a Rev B do n't worry , it will work . Rev A should n't even be out there anymore.And do n't believe everything you read here on amazon when customers write it . Do the research yourself and find out the truth . www.dlink.com has a lot of useful info on their products .
 With rebate , this router cost me $ 39.99 . Unpacked it , plugged it in , followed the quick setup instructions and I was online in less than 30 minutes . Also bought a wireless-capable laptop . Quickly found my network and was online in a jiff . No dropped signal even on the other side of the house.I 'm not a paid hack for D-Link , just a do-it-yourself computer user . I bought a Linksys broadband router over three years ago for $ 149.99 , it has worked great too but I needed wireless for laptop access . This router has worked wonderfully and I recommend it to anyone . I have the DI-624 version C -LRB- one antenna -RRB- it is the latest update to this model so maybe that is why it has worked great .
 Took it out of the box , connected the power and CAT5 's , and I was done . There is also the option to completely customize the setup which i did after trying the vanilla config.Best buy for the money .
 Had this router for about a month . As I recall , if you have cable internet access , you do n't need to go through the whole setup process ... it works right out of the box . So the setup was a no-brainer and I have n't had any issues with it .
 wireless access point functions fine . I 've had no problems with that . WPA encryption works well . Reception is at 30-40 % with antenna FACING the direction of the base station at 50yd distance with 7 walls -LRB- drywalls , not solid concrete -RRB- in between . I give it 8 out of 10 for wireless function .
 Does its job . Aesthetically pleasing , compact , nice toolset , and trouble free . I realize there are more technically advanced routers out there , but for a small at-home or business network , it is perfect especially for the price . Unfortunately I can not give it or any D-Link product I have bought 5 stars because there is always an undocumented feature or two , and the DI-624 is no exception .
 Everything connected fine ... excellent signal strength two rooms away at both the laptop and computer -LRB- using all D-Link hardware -RRB- and excellent speed . Also works perfectly fine with X-box ... had everything up and running in 30 minutes total .
 Excellent stuff , very good speed . I have installed it with my desktop , accessing Broadband satellite Internet through my note books every where in my house even outside too.Very easy to install , firmware upgrades are available .
 `` The seller was great and very helpful but I could n't use the router cause it is out of date and D-link would n't give me any help on it . . ''
 I 've been running my DI-624 wifi router since at least 2004 and it 's outlasted 2 desktops , 3 laptops and countless wi-fi devices . All of which it has kept speedily and reliably connected to the internet - both via ethernet cable and wi-fi . As I write , I 'm listening to Pandora via my wi-fi connected iPhone . I 've always connected over a DSL phone line.Just yesterday , I noticed the unit was still running the outdated original WEP encryption from when I first set it up many years ago . I changed it over to WPA for added security , which I was surprised to see it could handle with the most recent firmware upgrade.D-Link is no longer supporting the device , so its incombatible with WPA2 encryption or above , but it 's enough for my needs . Also , the G wi-fi protocol perhaps might not be ideal for today 's video streaming but most downloads are plenty fast for my needs . I keep waiting for the device to break so I can upgrade . But after almost 8 years it keeps on chuggin ' . .
 I 've been using this router for years and it has never given me problems . The setup is easy and the maintenance is non-existent . The signal is strong enough to get to my Xbox 360 , which is downstairs and across the house.What 's so amazing is that while my computer and its components get replaced every few years , this little workhorse has stayed with me through it all.Highly recommended .
 have been using this product for more than a year . . the product is great , but the d-link support SUCKS !! after i got it and installed it -LRB- by the way , the installation was simple for me , the direction were acurate -RRB- , but my phone line was interfering with the signals and whenever i got a call , i used to loose connection.So i called the d-link support to ask for suggestions . The first line of support had some standard answers about changing channels etc which were not really helpful . So they transferred me to their technical support and the nerve of that guy who answered the call . . he just told me not to use my phone . . i was so pissed that if that guy was in front of me i would really have given him a piece of my mind . . i told him that if you guys knew that there would be such problem -LRB- especially since he had a ready answer -RRB- , why do they not publish this as a known issue of their product in their website . . i also asked him how would he react if called for some support for some other product and got such an answer . . anyway , after thanking him for NOTHING and telling him that i would be returning the product -LRB- he cared less whether i returned it or not -RRB- , i hung up the phone . . anyway , i calmed down and started looking at the setup and various options and got a channel or downloaded the latest software -LRB- i do not remember eactly what i did -RRB- but i got it working . . i have not really had any serious issues with it since . . do note that i am a software professional and so kind of knows about software and hardware installations because building software is my job . . i recently shifted to a bigger house which has 2 floors and i have the router on the top floor . . currently i am connected with it from the floor below and it is showing full signal . . i do have the `` booster '' option on . . i do not remember the correct option , but i am sure you can find that in the settings . . a point to note that is that when you reboot the router , it looses all the setting like the MAc filters etc and becomes available to everyone . . something which might be obvious to others , but i missed and noticed it when i reviewed the logs and found lot of my neighbours using my router . . someone accidently or purposely even changed some of my settings because even the admin password got reset to the defaults . . Update - Dec 2008Had a issue couple of months back when I dropped the router . . all the lights just stayed on and the router was not working . I tried all options , rebooting etc , but nothing would make it work . So I removed the connections and connected my computer directly to my modem and I no longer had the wirelss connection and I started looking around for a new router . But luckily I forgot to completely remove the router and it was left switched on . After a month or 2 , I noticed the lights were blinking . So I wondered whether it has started working . . and I connected it back and tried the connection and suprisingly everthing was back to normal :--RRB- . . it has been 3-4 months since then and its still working . .
 I recently purchased this routerD-Link DI-624 Air Plus XtremeG Wireless 108G Router and am very pleased with my choice . It was my first online experience and it went very smoothly . Not afraid to do it again . It hooked up easily , no glitches .
 I recently purchased this routerD-Link DI-624 Air Plus XtremeG Wireless 108G Routerand am very pleased with my choice . It was my first online experience and it went very smoothly . Not afraid to do it again . It hooked up easily , no glitches .
 While reading the other reviews , I have to say that it seems that either there is a bad batch of routers , non-updated firmware or something in their environment that is causing problems.The router is on 24/7 and only experienced a couple of wireless disconnects during the past 90 + days.The router is working fine at 54kbps with a HP notebook -LRB- built in 802.11 g -RRB- and a MS Xbox 802.11 g adapter.The range varies depending on what is between the router and the wireless device . If the microwave is on , in a direct route between the two devices , it does not get a good signal . If the wireless phone base or handset is within a foot or so , it does have interference -LRB- if it is beyond that , it seems to work fine . -RRB- Xbox Live works fine via either the wireless mode or wired mode.The unit is fairly configurable and easy to setup and use.I have 2 wireless items -LRB- Notebook , Xbox -RRB- always connected to it and 4 wired items -LRB- 2 PCs , 2 VoIP boxes -RRB- without problems.DLink Support seems to be a bit lacking , but that was to ask a question about another product and not about this one.The only `` gripe '' I have is that I wished it had a print server built-in like the previous SMC wired router that this replaced.This review is based upon the `` C '' revision -LRB- 1 antenna -RRB- version of the router built with 2.38 firmware and upgraded to 2.42 firmware.There is a beta 2.45 firmware also available at the time of this review . I have not installed the beta firmware .
 The wireless range is what caught my eye the first day I set it up . The setup was easy , no problems there , the configuration was rather painless , thanks to the setup wizard . Then after all that I wondered around the house with my laptop seeing how far I can actually be from the router and still be connected to the Internet . Everywhere in my 5 bedroom home was covered with wireless signal that allowed me to be connected to the network/Internet . The price is good for everything this router provides and so far it all seems very stable with zero reboots as others have claimed . I can stream MP3s to my laptop from my desktop wirelessly and I hear no skips in the songs . Very nice .
 I was drawn in by the rebate and Amazon 's generally good rep. I bought this for a customer and tested it at home first . Some of the reviews I have seen made me wary.Everything went smoothly with the exception of setting up WPA security . It may just require some tweaking . The native WEP works just fine . Since this will be used with a very low security project , that wo n't be a problem.Signal strength and coverage was great even with the built-in wireless -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- on my laptop . It also gave me 36MB although 11b is only rated for 11MB . It had no problems with servicing a standard wired PC at the same time . I did n't have the constant reboot problem that others have had , however it did ship with the latest firmware preinstalled.I am considering getting another one for the house .
 I 've had this D-Link wireless router setup in my home for about a year now and it has been running great since the first install . I say first install because I 've recently moved and got a new ISP . I went from DSL to Cable and setting this up for Cable Internet access is even easier than DSL . With DSL you have to enter your login -LRB- usually email -RRB- and password , but for Cable you just use the routers default settings and it connects itself.The wireless has been working great for our one wireless desktop -LRB- with PCI card adapter -RRB- and our laptop we use frequently . The laptop is infinitly useful when you can be completely wireless -LRB- no power , no network -RRB- and still use the Internet . My wife will use it for recipies in the kitchen , my son will use it for games outside on the porch , my daughter uses it for chatting in her room , and I can use it to simply browse the Internet on my free time and not be tied down to a desktop -LRB- read
 I am using the router with a DWL-G650 card which I bought at the same time . The setup was easy ... I followed the quick installation guides for both products . To get the full 108MB transfer speed I had to download updated drivers for the DWL-G650 . I needed to know how to update drivers by going to WinXP System/Hardware Tab in Control panel . The installed firmware on the router is version 2.28 , which works fine . IMPORTANT
 To me it 's all about the ease of the installation and the reliability of the day to day use.This D-Link router handled both of those aspects perfectly . I was able to get this up and running in a matter of minutes with my one wired computer , one wireless laptop , and cable modem connection.It 's been running for over 2 weeks and nothing has gone wrong , or been weird.I had zero hangups and I think most people wont . I understand there are those that have special cases , but I think for the average user , this router can handle 98 % of everything you throw at it .
 My internet speed was slowing down to almost dialup speeds . I decided to purchase the D-Link DI-624 . I upgraded from a netgear product -LRB- WGR614 -RRB- . I was experiencing , low range , weak signal and continous reboots of the router . This router is just fantastic . Set up was easy and my problems have disapeard .
 I buy it for my small office , 3 computer in wirless connection , 108 Mbps was necessary and with the purchaise I fix all problem .
 This router is easy to configure and seems to have better range than the B version -LRB- which I have -RRB- . The range increase is worth getting this extra speed .
 Works great , fairly easy to install and set up . Tech support is execellent even in the middle of the night PDT . Just remember to turn on your antenna!I would recommend renaming the SSID from `` default '' so you know you are connected via your router and not your neighbor who may also use `` default '' as a name . And to make sure that your router is the top one in your available wireless network connections.I changed the IP from what the original default D-Link tech support . Be to write down what you set the router 's IP address in case you need to change settings.Works fine with AOL 9.0 optimized software . No conflicts . Using a Toshiba A-65 laptop.Took me a bit of time to understand wireless and LAN settings in Win XP . So problems I had were IE settings and not the router.Maybe instructions could be a bit clearer . It took me a while how to figure out how to rename the SSID .
 I was impressed with how easily it was to setup and get my laptop on the Internet wirelessly . All I had to do was follow the instructions that came in the box . -LRB- duh right ? -RRB- Well what ever was lacking in the written documentation I was able to figure out myself with help from the setup wizard and the help files in the interface.Speeds are perfect . I can stream MP3s from our file server , I can browse the Internet at speeds comparable to our wired PCs and I feel no differnce surfing the web and downloading files.I feel like a confident user now and hope others do n't shy away from this because it is too new for them . The documentation is great and the help files do just what they are supposed to do , help .
 Unpack , install software , hook up unit . That 's all I had to do . It does what it 's supposed to do , and does it well.I had a D-Link Router that worked perfectly , but it got fried by lightning , so I bought the only brand our local Walmart carried at the time . It was a Linksys , and it had to be reset constantly . I finally gave up on it and purchased a D-Link thru Amazon , and I 'm happy I did.It was easy to install and has n't given us any trouble .
 All , Be patient with this router , do all the software/firmware upgrades before trying anything serious . I have a Gateway Desktop and a Toshiba & Sony Laptop . At first my Sony Laptop had problems seeing my USB printer connected to the desktop . After reading some discussion boards a lot of problems can be re-solved by turning off NORTON Firewall . Then low and behold my printer could be seen . The Firewall worked so well it locked me out . Anyway for the paranoid amongst us you can go back later and turn it back on and still wirelessly connect to the printer ! . Sometimes the router drops my Laptop at only a couple of feet away , yet other-times it will pick it up at 100Ft away , go figure . Configuring the router is cryptic and took me forever to turn on WPA and make it work . That being said it 's a cheap deal if you can get everything working . / Brian
 Installation was a snap . Have been using it for 1 months now with no problems .
 I 'm not sure about these concerns with having to reboot the router . I 've had it on non-stop - of course with a firewall and virus-scanner activated - for over a month now . I got the router upon signing up for Verizon 's FIOS internet , and the speeds on it are incredible . On the wired computer I 've set up , it downloads files at around 600 KBps - blazing fast for someone who 's just switched from dial-up , and on a computer connected wirelessly , from about twenty feet away , it downloads files almost as fast . The signal strength is amazing , and I 've never had any connection or reboot problems , even right after power outages .
 I have the C version that I purchased from amazon about a year and a half ago . After a couple of firmware upgrades , the di-624 has been stellar . No more reboots and dropped connections . It has been extreamly stable and reliable . i have not needed to reboot it for about a year.Dlink tech support is like rolling a dice , most of the time you get a support guy who barely knows what they are doing , and need to talk someboy else to resolve your problem . But some times you get the good ones who know the product really well -LRB- this is kind of rare -RRB- . Overall this is a very good router , but it does require you to improve your network knowledge or face tech support that might know less than you do .
 The router works like a charm . Although I had some initial trouble connecting it up , which required a call to D-Link , the router has worked perfectly ever since . I was a little worried because the walls in the house are made of concrete , not wallboard , but the signal has worked wonderfully through all of them .
 Ok , let me first start off with what the router DOES N'T do . It does n't reboot spontaneously , nor does it drop my WAN connection . This router is replacing my old DI-614 + , wireless b router . I have the rev_C router with a single antenna , using firmware 2.50 . I have a wireless Tivo , 2 wireless laptops -LRB- one using b , another using XtremeG 108Mbps -RRB- , and 3 hardwired workstations . I did have an issue while transmitting larger files via wireless , all other connections would get little to no bandwidth on the WAN port . I just changed the preamble from short to long and presto , back to normal . Now , about this 108Mbps , guess what ... you will never get 108Mbps for a sustained amount of time . You might get a single packet in a million that might travel at that speed . Regardless , the g protocol is more than enough to play games and transmit Tivo movies.Why did I give it only 4 stars ... Well , my wireless issue took me a while to figure out and D-Link 's tech support was no help . So , I have to take the 5th star away . I am a D-Link fan , but this is an unbiased posting.Now about the router feature , it has a very easy to use Firewall interface , and same goes with the wireless settings . You can navigate easily and the parental controls are pefect for me since I have a 12yr old . I can limit his Internet access via his MAC address by setting the times to allow . This rev_C has a cable testing feature , not really all that necessary , but still handy for those who make their own cables . Firmware 2.50 does not support Xbox live from what I read , but I have n't tested . If you get this , you will not be disappointed . If you are one of those people who are getting the WAN reboot issue , change your WAN port to 10Mbps . That will resolve many of the problems .
 If you have basic computer knowledge and have opened a CPU box and installed anything in a PCI slot before this should be no problem for you.I turned the power off to everything , plugged in the cables per the quick start guide into the cable modem and CPU , plugged in the router , and turned on the MAC G4 . I did n't even need to access the website for the connection wizard , as the computer recognized it immediately . -LRB- I will probably configure this to my needs more later -RRB- . I installed a D-Link wireless access card into the PCI slot of the Windows computer after putting the CD in the drive , installing the driver , and turning off the PC with the CD still inside . I turned the computer back on and it configured itself -LRB- Windows 2000 Professional -RRB- and an icon with a green light appeared in the lower right corner . I was able to access the web immediately.Easy and simple if you understand computers and have this setup . Be sure to turn encryption on through the web browser D-Link settings , and put your firewall up.The wireless connection goes smoothly through 2 steel doors , down the hall 200 ft. to another apt . in a high rise . My mom thanked me -LRB- her PC -RRB- and gave me some Ben and Jerrys -LRB- she kept saying ` we should wait till your brother is off work to help you ' -RRB- . Screw him , I did it myself and its fine !
 This router packs a lot of features -LRB- punches -RRB- for a relatively low price . It is easy to set up on my PC through a wizard , although in my case , I have to also reset the router by turning the power off and on . After this initial setup , it works like a charm . It has great range . My router is tucked away on the second floor and I can still get good signal in the basement from a laptop with a matching d-link DWL-G650 card . My other laptop , a Mac Powerbook G4 , can also connect at b mode with no tweaking on my part . Great compatibility as well.As for problems that some reviewers here complained about , I highly recommend downloading the latest firmware which fixes the following problems :1 -RRB- Full compliance with the final , ratified 802.11 g standard2 -RRB- SSID broadcast can now be disabled for better securityTo the reviewer who complained that his Win XP laptop recognizes his DWL-G650 pc card and connects to the wireless network , but that the d-link 's own utility can not see the card and the network ? The problem is that Win XP assigns to the card its own generic driver . You have to download the latest driver from d-link , uninstall the Win XP driver , and then tells Win XP to install/update manually the driver from d-link ! Here are the detailed steps : Go to control panel -- > system -- > device manager -- > network adapter -- > DWL-G650 whatever ... Uninstall the Win XP driver for the card . Pull out the card and insert it back in . In the Windows new hardware setup wizard , click on set up/find driver manually , and then browse to the folder where you have unzipped and installed the latest d-link driver and utility . After this , the d-link utility will be able to see and configure the card and manage the wireless network.Overall , this is a great wireless g router with a good support site . Very satisified and highly recommended !
 I have used this for 2 years with a cable modem . The ethernet from the cable modem is routed through this device to provide internet to the non-wireless desktop . I use the wireless for my laptop , and it works well with both pcs and macs . The signal strength is good , but I keep the router antenna pointed out toward the main part of the house . I can pick up a strong signal upstairs , at the other end of the house , and outside . My connection is always as fast as I can get anywhere else -LRB- school , work , library , etc. -RRB- , and my modem and cable service are basic . I have no complaints with this router , and it does everything I expect it to do with no trouble .
 Excellent speed , with a very simple setup . Although I got into a problem with the install -LRB- no fault D-Link -RRB- , I was able to quickly get through their helpdesk for tech support - and what I was helped by someone who I could actually understand -LRB- support was in California -RRB- . Got ta love it when that is not outsourced!I used this in combination with the D-link 108 wireless NIC . Great range - easy to setup - easy to configure security .
 My original wireless network was pretty slow by today 's standards so I needed to upgrade . I first tried a Linksys router and notebook card with their Speedbooster technology , but the notebook card would not work with my Motion 1300 Tablet . Using Amazon 's wonderfully easy return procedures I returned the Linksys items and decided to try a DLink solution . As with other reviewers , I found it easy to set up and the range to be wonderful . I 'm supposedly regularly getting 108 Mbs , which is great for LAN communication . This is in a location where I would regularly lose connectivity , so I 'm thrilled with both the increase in connection speed and the reliability of the connection.I host some web apps on one of my servers and I REALLY appreciate DLink 's ability to set up a static IP connection to that one server , so that I can route http requests to that web server -LRB- and not have to reconfigure the router if the power goes out -RRB- . During this upgrade process and my -LRB- failed -RRB- experience with Linksys products , I 've come to realize that some wireless cards just wo n't work with some laptops/tablets/notebooks . If you 're fighting too hard with your setup , it 's probably not you , it 's probably incompatible equipment - send it back -LRB- again , this is incredibly easy with Amazon -RRB- and choose another manufacturer .
 I use this router as the basis/backbone of my network , and I transfer a lot of large pictures back and forth from my Laptop and Desktop , and Backup network Drive.This router has always been operating at optimum speed and I notice no down time in my Internet connection because of it.This router was also very easy to setup , as others have said here before me . I thought I 'd just make this clear so that there is an updated review with the latest info . Yes it is fast , Yes it is reliable , and Yes D-Link provides upgrades all the time , for free even !
 I bought this a while back and have found it to be a good cornerstone of my network . I always update it to the newest firmware for the free added features and bug fixes . I find this router easy to use , easy to manage , and was easy to install.I get good wireless coverage within my home and my USB 802.11 g adapter -LRB- DWL-G122 -RRB- for my laptop . I can pretty much be anywhere in my home and still get a solid connection that wont drop . I even play online games via wireless and have low pings while in a room away from the router.Overall a good router with wireless functions to boot . Very nicely priced and more than enough features .
 How ecstatic am I about the D-Link DI-624 wireless-G router ? The fact that I am typing this review , on my laptop , in the basement of my house , with 100 % signal strength , while the router hums happily along up on the third floor sheds some light . I just upgraded to this router and PCMIA card setup from D-Link 's wireless-B combo -LRB- DI-614 + -RRB- . This is a big improvement in range and speed . With the old router , I had a range of about 1 room around the one where the router was stationed . Now , I can roam throughout my entire house , and probably outside as well.I am impressed . For the value , I think D-Link probably ca n't be beat . Excellent web site support and service , too .
 Hi , Read the comments . For those experiencing trouble . First update fimware . This will often fiix a lot of the issues . Second Tech support ranges from straight idiots to excellent . So keep trying . I had a rep once fall asleep on me throughout our conversation ! -LRB- phoned at 12 am -RRB- . If you have issues ask to speak to a level 2 tech . Version A takes Version B firware which is 1.25 . Version A and B have two antennas whilst C has one . C is Xbox live compatible , A and B is not . C has a faster CPU and cable tester -LRB- BS really -RRB- . The B and C version is available in most stores like Fry 's , BestBuy with a $ 30 rebate as opposed to $ 20 . Oh and for you folks trying to connect devices such as ReplayTV , Tivo , and Xbox , their DWL-810 + Ethernet bridge works awesome and fast . I have tested in a bad WiFi enviroment i.e. my home . If you notice signals dropping they suggest you change the channel to 11 from default 6 on your router . sometimes if your `` share a wall '' neigbour is using the same channel as you , you might encounter signal issues . This change to channel 11 works exceedingly well . Also DI624 Ver . C is Xbox live compatible . this is useful only if you plan to attach it to the Xbox directly along withother devices . The reason for this is some folks have Xbox , PS2 and Tivo/Replay and perhaps something else in their HT room or living room and use the 4 port switch to hook them up . The DWL 810 + Ethernet bridge is Xbox compatible as well if you have just one item you need hooked up to your WiFi network . They are coming out with a G version called DWL-G810 + about three weeks . If your hooking up Tivo or Replay wait and get the G version . Also upgrading your cables to excellently shielded Cat 6 cable makes a huge difference . DI624 is very susceptible to RF/EM interference . If you are having issues try moving the plug and router away . On one test I had the router in a minimal RF/EM area but the plug was in a 6 port outlet and I had issues ! Moving the plug to a minimal RF/EM area worked . This is with the router being in the same exact spot ! i hope what i have shared will spare some one millions of hours of agony as I experienced learning this the hard way.Now , I need your help . I need to know if anyone has tested C and B versions and noticed any difference in signal strenght -LRB- since they plucked one antenna -RRB- and if they noticed a speed difference . would be great to hear from someone who 's test was in a WiFi hostile environment . email me at netguru7@comcast.net .
 i bought this for home use to replace my old router so i decided to try a cheep router and i got lucky , it was fast and it was very easy to set up
 I have used this router for a couple of years now and was n't going to write a review on a discontinued piece of equipment . But while writing up a review on theD-Link 2.4 GHz Omni-Directional 7dBi Indoor Antenna -LRB- ANT24-0700 -RRB- that I recently purchased , I noticed that a few users had some poor experiences with this router.So basically I am just adding my voice to say that I 've not had a problem at all with the DI-624 over the couple of years I 've had it . In that time , I did download the updated firmware and that may have helped . Fortunately , I have n't had to use their customer service , which I understand is not the best.My nephew-in-law works for IBM , recommended this router and has used it a lot in his work . He swears by D-Link products and we both recommend them to people we know.So even though you are not likely to buy this router , as this model has been replaced by other newer models , do consider the D-Link brand as a router you would look into as a quality brand wireless router . I highly recommend the brand.UPDATE : Alas , with no notice , after many years of flawless service , the DI-624 suddenly died this morning . But I had a backup router in storage , aD-Link WBR-1310 / RE Wireless G Router 4-Port 10/100 Switch Refurbishedwhich was an absolute NIGHTMARE to install and from the reviews I 've read , is a Do n't Buy ! I 'll use it until it dies and then go on to the next .
 This wireless router does exactly what it 's supposed to do . Reliable signal that actually has a very good range -LRB- strong signal throughout my house -RRB- . If you shop around , you can get it at a very good price .
 Ok so I had Verison FiOs as my ISP when I was using this router and my connection was as follows ; I had the FiOs cable from the wall to my router and an ethernet cable from the router to the computer . When I used a laptop with wireless internet compatability with this connection I had no problems . In fact , the laptop was downstairs on the complete opposite side of the house and the connection gave full bars and the internet was extremely fast . Now , I switched to Comcast and I have my connection like this ; the cable goes into the Comcast modem and a cable connects the modem with the router and the ethernet cable connects the router to the pc . I have not yet tested the wireless connection with my new connection but I am hoping it will work just the same . So anyway , the D-Link DI-624 Wireless Cable/DSL Router , 4-Port Switch , 802.11 g , 108Mbps works well as far as my uses go and I hope it will work the same with my new connection .
 I have both the DI-624 Router on my desktop , and the D-Link Wireless PCMCIA card for my laptop . Both work great . The installation was a breeze following the directions on the CD . Make sure that when you have your laptop or other computer search for the Router , type in the Router ID exactly as you typed it on the router 's computer . It is case sensitive . Other than that , it has worked fine and I 've been online for at least 3 hours every day using my laptop .
 I purchased this router based on price , capability and reputation . I plugged it into my Cable Modem and Mac and it worked perfectly in minutes . Additionally I used it to send music to a Roku music bridge about 50 feet away through 2 interior walls . Again it performed perfectly without a problem of any kind . I highly recommend it .
 This is my second purchase of a wireless router in the past four years . As a matter of fact , I purchased the same model again , this time with updated firmware and a fourth generation Model Code . Setup was pretty easy right out of the box . But , you 'll probably want to change the default security/password settings to protect your at home network from intruders . Since this was my second box , the setup was easy for me . But , The D-Link tech support staff is available -LRB- and FREE -RRB- 24 hours a day to help clarify any configuration issues or concerns that you might have . And , if you do get in trouble with the settings , there 's always a handy reset button ! Bottom Line
 This worked right out the box . Plugged the vonage into the DSL into the router and the network setup . We do n't need wireless security or anything so we leave it as is . Easiest install ever !
 Frustrating at first because it took me a little while to learn how to use the D-Link Router . Once I learned what all of the terms meant , it was smooth sailing . Now I have a safe wireless computer , am able to work outside or at a neighbor 's house ! One more thing I must say , this is working on an OS X v. 10.3.9 . This wireless system almost felt like it was made for my little Mac . I did a lot of research to find the best wireless router for this computer and this is the only one I could find that claimed to `` welcome Mac . '' computers .
 This is a great router for home networking . I upgraded from the D-Link 514 router and there is a marked improvement in the wireless networking speed . It 's compact design and easy of installation makes for a hassle free network setup .
 I turned to D-Link after I tried a Linksys 802.11 g system , which had such poor range that I could n't go more than 15 feet without losing the signal . For the most part the D-Link system has performed very well , and it can maintain a good connection in various areas of the house . Connection speed is respectable as well . Definitely faster than Linksys.The WPA encryption and firewall features are big benefits , as long as you can get them to work -LRB- it took me about an hour to figure out the right settings -RRB- . The setup wizard was DOA , though . I could never get it to work , so all setup had to be done manually . Not a big deal , but an inconvenience .
 I purchased this wireless router to expand my existing wired home network . We have 2 laptops and I wanted them to be used without wires . Installing the router took all of 30 minutes . In my situation , I am not using the router 's firewall abilities -LRB- since I already have a firewall for the wired network -RRB- , so it took me 15 minutes to figure out that the existing network feed should not plug into the WAN jack , but rather one of the network jacks . With that done , I had to use the configuration utility to assign an IP address to the router -LRB- it defaulted to the same address that my firewall has , and that is a big no-no -RRB- . With that done , I downloaded a firmware update from support.dlink.com -LRB- the update is required to activate the highest speed which became available in a recent release -RRB- . One reboot and I 'm off and running.One last word of advice . Do not turn on WEP -LRB- encryption -RRB- until after you 've made your first wireless conenction work . Once you 've done that , go back into the configuration tool , activate WEP and type in a 10 digit key code -LRB- you 'll need to do the same to each of your wireless PCs too -RRB- . That will make your home wireless network much more secure.If you are interested , I went with DLink 's wireless PC Card -LRB- DWL-G650 -RRB- and found that it works very well with this router . overall setup was very straight forward , and the DLink configuration interface is excellent . I highly recommend this unit .
 I purchased the DI-624 54G wireless router and DWL-G650 PC cardthe together with a $ 40 rebate to replace my old DLink router . The installation and configuration of DI-624 is a snap . After I upgraded the firmware to have the 108Mbps Super G mode , the signal actually became more steady and much stronger . I have the DI-624 router on the second floor . With the DWL-G650 card in my Compaq Presario laptop , I can get on the network with good signal anywhere indoors . I am waiting to test it out at my back yard.In general , the Wireless Configuration utility software that came with the DWL-G650 works fine . However , I do have some problems after I install it on my WinXp laptop due to the interference of the Wireless Zero Configuration service that comes with WinXP . Fortunately , I found an article at the DLink Technology Knowledge base to show me how to disable the WinXp service and use the utility software that came with Dlink . It 's much better . It gives you broader control and better configuration with a signal strength meter . In case you run into problems with the installation of the utility , make sure your check the Dlink web site for Knowledge Base . And most importantly , upgrade to the latest firmware.The default broadcasting channel is # 6 . If you have 2.4 GHz wireless phone , you might want to try either the # 1 or # 11 channel instead -LRB- change the setting on the router admin page -RRB- . However , for the Super G mode , it only gives you the Channel # 6 option . I also tried this card on my son 's toy laptop -LRB- Pentium 233 -RRB- . It gives me the same speed as of the regular LAN Ethernet card -LRB- 10/100 -RRB- . On my Compaq Presario laptop -LRB- PIII_1 .3 GHz -RRB- , I can watch streaming video of news from Taiwan in my family room on the first floor . Is n't that impressive ?
 I did n't think I could get through this without help , but just as I was calling Tech Support I figured it out myself . I did n't see that 11g only was checked . I had a problem with my wireless print server not working , but then I remembered that it is an 11b product . So everything else works great and I get a nice signal strength all throughout the house . I feel very fortunate to have been helped by the easy to use setup wizard that D-Link provides .
 I installed this router and my wireless card in mere minutes . Everything was working and updated , then I started adding security . Which is just setting a WEP key at 128-bit it is about 29 characters long . SO I enter that key into the router 's security area and then enable 128-bit WEP on my laptop 's wireless card and enter the same key . Then suddenly I am connected again with a nice secure connection . Not hard at all.At first I was getting some dropped signals and weird reboots from the router . But after changing channels from 6 to 11 the problems stopped . I guess there was interference that was causing weird things with my router .
 With the easy to use setup wizard that takes you through setup step by step I do n't see how it could have been any easier . You setup a new password and wireless settings so everything is n't default , then you select what type of Internet connection you have -LRB- ADSL , Cable , or other -RRB- . I chose PPPoE because I have an ADSL connection , then I entered my username and password and when I applied the changes the router rebooted and it took about 30 seconds and suddenly I was connected to the Internet . About a week later though my connection was lost and when I called Verizon about it they suggested I reboot the DSL modem and again the router agusted itself to connect without any trouble or configuration by myself . I am very pleased with this router and it 's capabilities .
 If you are getting bad range try changing the channel you use . I was getting bad range in my home and I was getting very frustrated and finally found that someone suggested changing the channel from the default channel 6 to 1 or 11 . So I changed to channel 11 and now I get much better range and my signal strength is way better . I guess there was some interference from something.Plus the new firmware does help with speed . Everyone who already has this router should go out and get that new firmware.This works best with my DWL-G650 adapter for the laptop . Very easy to setup since it practically connects to each other out of the box .
 This has been running my network now for 2 months and I am very pleased with it 's performance and stability . Everything performs as stated and that 's what I like to see . This one product has given me enough confidence in D-Link to buy more from them . In fact I recently bought the wireless adapters that are in this routers same family . They work great with this router . And once you know one D-link interface all the rest become intuative , which is a great advantage .
 I did n't think my wireless network would reach outside my home , but it does with this as my access point . I can actually sit outside and be on my laptop . I like this feeling.The speeds I get are great . It feels just like I am wired to my network . Pages load at the same speed and downloads are just as fast.The web based administration method is a good convienence as well . Very easy to setup , almost installs itself out of the box .
 I purchased this with my new HP notebook with intergrated 802.11 G. I was up and surfing with no wires within 20 minutes and this included upgrading my notebook wireless card !!! This product blows away my old linksys 802.11 b access point .
 I appreciate simple and functional design , and although this is n't the antithesis of either of those this router does feel easy on the eyes and brain.I was able to setup the router in about 10 minutes . My PCs connected almost immediately , my internet connection was quick to associate with the router , and even my wireless laptop worked right away.I felt comfortable with the interface because of the big tabs and no hidden links that need to be found before you can do soemthing essential.I get great range with my wireless laptop , my PCs in the back room get a stong wireless signal , and I 've not been disconnected from the Internet randomly or systematically.Basically I am very pleased with the way this worked out , specifically because of the easy setup , wireless range , and intuative interface .
 I purchased this for my home , and it works superb . Easy to install , easy to set up . Works perfectly . I have n't tested the speed of it , the restriction in speed is limited by my DSL anyway . It covers my entire apartment perfectly . Extra features as requiring password to use it was also no problem installing .
 I bought this router several months ago when Amazon.com offered it for around $ 40 -LRB- after rebate -RRB- . I am very impressed by the price/performance of this router , and it has fully lived up to my expectations.Setup was very simple ... Just follow the installation guide and you should be up and running within 15 minutes . The network seemed fine even with WEP 128bit enabled . Range is good for a decent size house , but if you have a large home , you might want to consider getting a better antenna or a repeater to boost the wireless signal to far reaching corners of the house.A lot of people seem to have problems with frequent disconnects or connection problems . I actually had a similar problem . A month and a half later , my router did not function properly . I was not able to connect to the router using wireless devices -LRB- specifically a D-Link wireless G PCMCIA card -RRB- . To resolve the issue , I tried reseting the router , changing the SSID and channel , disabling WEP , and then reenabling WEP . All is fine now . So before bashing the product , try diagnosing the problem on your own or call tech support . Be proactive and try everything you can before saying that the product is lousy . Here are some helpful tips that might solve some of your problems .1 . Disable Super G/turbo modes on the router . This made the router more stable . You 'll still be able to get 54Mbps , but will not be able to acheive 108Mbps -LRB- selected D-Link products -RRB- .2 . If you have 2.4 GHz phones , you could be disconnected from the network prematurely . I suggest setting the channel to 11 . It minimized the interference greatly .3 . A reviewer mentioned a helpful tip -- after you connect to a wireless network , disable the `` automatically let windows configure my wireless settings '' option . It did help me when I was diagnosing the problem with my router -LRB- see above -RRB- .4 . Only upgrade the firmware if you are having problems . If it works , do n't fix it!This router is definitely a step up from my first wireless router , which was a Linksys BEFW11S4 . That router was such a nightmare , even the wired ports did n't work . D-Link has done a tremendous job with this router , and I definitely recommend it to those who want to purchase a `` cheap '' wireless G router .
 This is very good.But a better price can be found at Ecost.com
 I bought this about a month ago and so far it has no problem . One thing I noticed is that it has much better range than the Netgear router -LRB- MR314 -RRB- I had . it is very easy to set up , as some of you already pointed out . I do n't have a wireless G adapter yet , so can not comment on the speed gain.Very pleased so far ... updated on 2/23/2006
 Installation a breeze ; two laptops and one desktop immediately recognized simple cable switch from linksys . Much better range and speed than WRT-54G -LRB- anyone interested in used router ? -RRB- . This review from someone frazzled after spending the prior 12 hours performing `` quickrestore '' -LRB- uh huh -RRB- on personal laptop , which blew out after windows sp2 recommended update -LRB- beware of `` improved windows '' , another story -RRB-
 I was able to isntall this within a couple minutes . Very easy with my Cable Internet connection . I also appreciate the wireless range this router/access point is capable of . Anywhere in my 2 story 2 bedroom townhome is Internet ready so to speak . My laptop is always online as long as I have my D-Link wireless card -LRB- DWL-G650 -RRB- plugged in and my laptop powered up . Speeds are comperable to being wired . I can download files just as fast as my wired PC . I did a test withe the same file on some server , I downloaded it on my desktop PC -LRB- Dell -RRB- wired into router and directly after with my laptop wirelessly connected and the laptop was only 1 second slower in the time it took to download . That does n't sound like a sacrifice to me . Plus with the 128-bit WEP , or even the WPA-PSK -LRB- passphrase -RRB- enabled I feel comepletely secure and I do n't see a drop in speed when the security is enabled.I like this router , it works great for me , and I 've recommended it to others because of it 's real world performance .
 At first I was a bit ambivalent to having my home unwired and go the wireless route :-RRB- It thought I would be more of a hassle not worth the expense . After purchasing D-link 's DI-624 , Two PCI cards , and two laptop cards , I wish I had do so earlier . Every step was very easy w / software and scanning tools to make sure I was up and running . Did not experience any problems even when I set the encrypt . , I strong recommend this -LRB- Set your WEP -RRB- for added security especially in apartment complexes b/c I could scan and pick-up other networks . Great price and cool !!!
 I installed this product 2 weeks ago -LRB- took less time than ordering a pizza -RRB- and it works great . I have a Dell connected to it via ethernet cable and an HP connected via wireless DWL-120 and an X-box connected via ethernet also . Everything is working like I expected and I have extremely high expectations -LRB- I 'm an impatient user -RRB- . The set-up was extremely easy . I have a Comcast cable internet connection and it was no problem setting everything up . I 'm not a shill for Microsoft but if your a video game fan and have an X-Box , X-Box Live is one of the best products I 've used in a long time . I surmise that it is because it exceeded the hype by a large margin . It is what it says it is . And it is a blast .
 If you are a student living in a dorm and wanting to walk around with your laptop without losing connection with your friends online , this is the thing you are looking for .
 This router seems to stick it 's head everywhere I 've been . Friends houses , small businesses , parents house , all over the Internet , etc. . I keep hearing this name mentioned or talked about in a forum somewhere . It 's kind of creepy . Anyhow , after seeing the way this product performs at other people 's houses/businesses I decided to get one for myself.I was smiling when I found out it actually does a good job of being a firewall , a wireless access point , a 4 port switch , and even some parental control features for the Internet . Very nice features this thing packs inside it 's box . Heck even the power cord is color coded so that you know blue goes with blue . Very NICE!Overall I 'd have to say this router is a pleasure to work with . Easy to configure , simple in it 's setup , yet has many features you can get `` hardcore '' with . I 'd recommend it to anyone looking for a good router/firewall/wireless access point with more options than normal .
 Bought this router about a week ago . Has been up and running without flaws . Happy with it and have no intention to return it.I have been a D-Link user for about 3 years now and I have never experienced problems either with their fixed router or wireless router.Really easy setup and hassle free installation .
 This router is super fast ! I had some trouble setting it up , but the customer support line was very helpful and had me working fine in no time .
 Has all the features your likely to need and is easy to setup .
 I have used many routers but this is the best so far . I had to replace my Netgear which stopped working after a year . This is one of the best . I use my PDA with WIFI and it works great . In my opinion DLink is the best company if you want to get a good Router .
 The D-link was easy to set up and is perfect for my wired/wireless network . My IP phone and cisco switch plugged right in and were up and running in no time and my wireless laptops worked great once I changed the encryption settings to match . For the price , I am very pleased .
 Stable in use but sometimes signal lost . Signal range is not as far as expected .
 Althow this product has less wireless coverage than others , it 's still the best i have own . Performance it 's flawless . Features , it 's got a ton ... many of them you will never use them in your life . If you use the 108mbps mode with a compatible dlink wireless card , it works great . I Strongly recomend it .
 I am not an IT person but this model was suggested to me by my IT person from work . This is the 3rd one I have purchased for myself and friends . I find it easy to set up and it just works well . I did have a Linksys and switched to this model and have been very happy . Buy it ... you wo n't be dissapointed ! '
 The router is exactly as advertised . Works great and easy to setup .
 I have been using this wireless router for almost 2 years now and its really a great product . very simple to use and a fast performer . never faced issues like dropped connections or slow transfers . highly recommended product .
 I got this router 2 years ago and was very pleased with it until it died on me a few weeks ago - it may be due to my 2 year old dropping it a few times or not , who knows . Fact is the product came with a 3 year warranty and the tech support was so thorough in trying to help . But in the end , I shipped my defective unit to them and they shipped me a BRAND NEW replacment unit - same DI 624 , not refurbished . The software it ships with has improved since 2 years ago but they make it too dummy and do n't put the security stuff as a standard which was disappointing since regular folks do n't think of security unless it slaps them in the face . Security is in the extended install which they put as an option .
 I have n't faced any major problem yet . The D-Link DI-624 Wireless Cable/DSL Router is doing fine since 8 months when I bought it from Amazon .
 I 've had this router for about 4 months now and it has never caused me problems . I 've had my Internet connection go out , maybe 3-4 times in the past 4 months from what I can remember , and the only thing I had to do to restart it was unplug my cable modem and plug it back in again . Very simple , and obviously not the router 's fault.Anyhow the features this wireless router has is well enough for most anyone looking for a fast , secure , and easy to use router/firewall/accesspoint . You can even have a URL filter and filter out certain sites at a router level . Very useful for advertisement sites .
 I have this router and the whole wired section works great , and so does the wireless ! Yep , I 've had trouble with wireless routers before , but this one has never given me any problems . It even connects other brands to it quite well . I 've had friends come over with thier built in wirelss and this router lets them connect just fine.The installation went smoothly , the internet connection is always on and never `` breaks '' , AFAIK , and the wireless coverage in my home is very good . I can even be outside on my porch and even close to the street and still have a connection good enough for web browsing . I ca n't get enough of roaming around my house with a solid Internet connection.MP3s stream just fine over wireless so I can listen to my Desktop 's MP3 collection through my laptop utilizing the wireless network . I know these are all simple things , but I 've heard plenty of people complain about these things with their wireless routers . So if you do any of these things I 've mentioned and you 've had problems before , like me , then get this DI-624 and relax .
 This router is excellent , have it for 6 months . Bough it to replace one from other popular vendor . Noticed the change in speed immediately even on the cabled LAN ports , performance is incredible . Range is perfect , easy to setup security . I sure recommend it !!
 This was my first foray into the wireless network realm . I bought this to replace my Netgear RP-114 router . I installed it over the weekend . I was not happy with the overall performance of the Netgear router -LRB- after 3 years it started having constant disruptions in service resulting in reboots and resets -RRB- , which is why I decided to try D-Link . Set-up took so little effort . Basically 2 steps . I like the fact that I can turn the wireless radio off when I am not using it . Broadcast strength is fairly strong , I have no problems connecting anywhere around the house -LRB- through multiple floors and walls -RRB- or the yard . All in all , I am quite happy with my purchase so far .
 I bought DI-624 router and G-520 PCI last week to replace my existing wired router . The install/configuration is a no-brainer . Last evening , it took me 5 minutes to hook/unhook the routers , maybe 20 minutes to physically install the PCI , and 5 minutes to setup.Now I have two pcs wired to DI-624 in the first floor , and one wirelessly connected to the DI-624 in the second floor.The performance is awesome . I tested the Internet speed from all of my pcs , they were all 3.3 mps . File transfers from on pc to another is past , as a matter of fact , you can not tell that you have a wireless connection.I like these products .
 This is a great little router at a fantastic price . I have it on a home network with a Dell Inspiron laptop using a D-Link Air Plus card and a Lexmark X6170 all-in-one using a Lexmark wireless adapter . No problems . I never have the reboots people are complaining about , BUT I do NOT have 2.4 gHz cordless phones in my home . The manual clearly says that anything running on 2.4 gHz in the vicinity can cause interruption . For me , the router constantly connects -LRB- occasionally I have to press the Rescan button in the laptop 's wireless card setup window , which takes 2 seconds -RRB- and provides great service . The encryption was very easy to set up . I live in a large apartment with steel beams in some of the walls and I still get a solid signal in every room . I have no reservations recommending this product .
 This is probably the best value router for the price that you can buy . I 've been a network administrator for 5 years , and this was a dream to set up . It has all the features I need and then some , and worked great right out of the box . I have n't had any problems with signal loss or session timeouts , which is a big improvement over the Linksys model I had before.One warning
 This thing has been powering our home network for a good 6 months now and I do n't see anything that 's bad about it . This router just plain and simple does its job . It does it reliably as well.I do n't remember much about the installation , but I guess that speaks for itself right there . I just remember I did n't have any major problems thanks to the install guide.I 've even had friends come over and they were impressed that my router worked and theirs did n't , so they actually went out and bought on of the same and said it 's better than what they had.Thanks D-Link . : -RRB-
 This is a good router . It shows as what it 's advertise but I have some installation issue . It is hard to set up . If you check everything what it said in its manual such as ipconfig , ping , or connect cable firmly , you still can not use it . Try to shut down everything about 10 min and restart . It may be help . I used with Dell Insprion 1150 and DWL-G650 . Therefore , it got 4 stars .
 I just this router the other day thru Amazon.com . It was a deal after the rebate compared to shopping in a brick & mortar store.I had a tough time setting up the router . I was using the D-link 704 router and had to call D-link tech support to help me configure in this router . Once I got it up and running , I was zooming on the internet at blazing speeds . The router is connected to a desktop PC downstairs , but I still get excellent signal strength anywhere in the house on my new laptop . I 'm very happy with it and it 's a plus that this site sold it for less .
 The DLink 624 is one great wireless router.Works great and its security features are easy to set up .
 I have my 12 '' PowerBook set to work off of this , while it is connected to my Window 's XP desktop . No problems connecting or maintaining my wireless connection . Works well all over the house , even when the desktop is shutdown during storms.Highly recommend this product !
 I have my 12 '' PowerBook set to work off of this , while it is connected to my Window 's XP desktop . No problems connecting or maintaining my wireless connection . Works well all over the house , even when the desktop is shutdown during storms.Highly recommend this product !
 Pros
 I 'm successfully using three DI-624s , 3 DWL-G650s , the five port gigabit switch . All are working extremely well . Two of the DI-624s have been working constantly for months with no resets . I tried one Netgear 624 router and could not get it to work after 2 days . The D-link took 5 minutes .
 An excellent product from D-Link . Does all what it says with minimum user interference , which is exactly what a router should do.I needed a router to share my broadband connection , among several computers wired + wireless . It is very easy and quick to setup with reasonable defaults -LRB- first setup is done by friendly wizard -RRB- . It includes some nice security features , such as a mac and an ip filter to filter out unwanted mac addresses and ips , although this is easily overcome . It also has parental control features which are kinda cool , although i have n't and wo n't use them.Although i did n't customize it , it revealed no open ports and no easy way to hack in on online tests , which makes it ideal if you want moderate security without tinkering too much with the firewall interface.It uses virtual servers for port forwarding -LRB- exposing specific internal network ports on the public ip -RRB- , which is very easy to set up.The wireless connectivity is good , and it has a good range and speed . Although , i was unable to test the 802.11 g since my laptop wireless uses b-based protocol . I did notice sometimes the connection dropping with the corresponding reconnects , although i think that this has something to do with the g-to-b protocol interoperability . But , it is hardly noticeable.All in all , this a reasonably priced product for a mixed home network .
 I read the negative comments regarding re-booting and line dropping , and naturally had concerns , however in the end decided to buy this product . And it really does work well . I have had it running for over a month now with 4 wired computers and one wireless laptop , and it has never failed . The cable dropped out one day , but when it came back up , I did not have to re-boot the router . Installation was surprisingly easy - truely plug and play . This was the first time I installed a wireless card or router , and was pleasantly surprised when it all worked on the first try without any headaches . The wireless range seems to be pretty good too - the router is located in a corner room on the second floor , and I still get good reception in the basement opposite corner , as well as everywhere else in my 3500 sqft colonial-style house . So , while I 'm not gon na argue with the folks who say there are problems , I do want to go on record here and let you know that I have not experienced any problems at all with this product .
 This peace is just a child play to get networked in homewirelessly . I could just get everything done in 20 minutes time.I could turn on the secure network and it just works the way ithas been described in the simple and neat setup manual.Since the router includes 4 LAN ports the same can be used forwired connection if you 're sitting close to the router.I just recommend this if you 're NOT too much worried about everyminute details of the technology .
 I am a network administrator with a lot of experience with various routers , switches , hubs , etc. . Wireless is still a relatively new technology but I think the lastest revisions of this model work fairly well for what they are designed to do . I am somewhat dismayed that most of the router manfucturers have off-shored their tech support . I would guess that D-link just followed suit so they could compete on price . I have one of these in my home . I have it connected to DSL modem , wired to the desktop and wireless to the laptop . The range is fine and it provides a reliable 24/7 Internet connection .
 I purchased a D-Link DI-624 router to set up a wireless network at home . I was originally running my network with just two wireless D-Link network cards . I was running in ad-hoc mode -LRB- peer to peer -RRB- , but realized it would be better to purchase a router to share my printer and cable internet connection without worrying about both PCs being turned on.I have n't had any major problems at all with the router . Installation is simple if you follow the instructions provided . It is advisable to make sure you have the lastest OS software and router firmware updates for optimal performance.Overall , this is a great product .
 My friend and I set up the wireless connection between our 2 homes . He has the DI-624 and I have the DWL-G520 . At first it did n't work at all on my DELL running XP home . My other friend came over with his lap top using an other card , typed in the key and he was surfing at a fast speed . That let me know the DI-624 was working . So I did everything to get it to work , called D-Link support -LRB- and yes they suck -RRB- , down loaded patches , and even upgraded to XP Pro and nothing helped . SO then I desided to uninstal AOL , and then the magic happened . After it worked I 've been very happy with it . I 'm a good 30 yards from the router in a different house and I get 30 % to 40 % signal . Thus if yours is n't work check the other software running on your machine such as AOL or firewalls .
 This is my first wireless ethernet router . The setup was quick and easy . I had it running within 10 minutes out of the box . I live in a 3 story town house . My computer setup is on the first floor . I get 54 mps throughout the whole house . I have n't set up the firewall or encryption yet , I 'm sure it will affect the speed a little . Overall , very impressed and happy with the results .
 I replaced my Linksys wireless router which I bought about a year ago with this DLINK product . THe linksys was OK as long as you were with about 4 inches of the router . I complained and was basically told by LINKSYS that the particular product I bought was not very good , but since it took me more than 30 days to decide it was a POS , I could n't return it for the one that was at least marginal . When my wired router died I did a little research and decided to but the DLINK . The price was great , but I was a little skeptical about the range and speed of wireless in general . In addition I bought a DLINK desktop wireless card . I have 5 computers -LRB- 3 wired and 2 wireless -RRB- and all are working . The speed and range of this product are great . I was a little worried about the 2.4 gig phones interfering , but I have been on the phone and the wireless computer at the same time and no problem . I have been burned so many times by various computer products I have bought in the past . It is refreshing to find one that lives up to its reputation .
 I replaced my LinkSys wired cable router with this wireless-g router . I ca n't believe how easy it was . I am thrilled that we can use our laptop two floors down from where the router is located on the top floor of our three-story house . Everything just worked.What really blows me away however is that this router requires no additional setup to play Asheron 's Call on multiple machines , unlike the LinkSys router which required advanced forwarding options and was very arcane to setup . I was amazed that none of the special setup I had learned to do on the Linksys router was necessary at all . I am really thrilled by this product !
 I have my 12 '' PowerBook set to work off of this , while it is connected to my Window 's XP desktop . No problems connecting or maintaining my wireless connection . Works well all over the house , even when the desktop is shutdown during storms.Highly recommend this product !
 Works as it should , no problems with so far and will continue to use or buy another if this one fails .
 Guess what ? The router did not work and it took me hours to figure that out ! What a shame that I had to waste hours finding that out ! I now have a high end Cisco and I am very happy . No more buffering , drops or any problems at all . I am sticking with Cisco for both my modem and router . No more D-Links for me ! Spending a little more money was worth it .
 I had a Belkin , which I found out later was the `` Huffy '' of wireless routers . A friend of mine who is a network engineer recommended this model . The Belkin would work for an hour or so , then go down.Since I 've plugged in the D-Link , we have had our connection since Nov 2006 . Has n't gone down once.I use this D-Link with my iMac and Macbook .
 I have been using the early version -LRB- hardware `` B1 '' -RRB- of this product since March of last year , without a single issue . I kept the original firmware -LRB- 1.1 -RRB- , because I used to work for these people and I know that change is n't always a good thing.I still have n't upgraded my wireless adapter to `` G '' , using a dwl-120 usb adapter that is 802.11 b and works just fine all the way across the house . The encryption works like a charm , even with 802.11 b. I 'll get a `` G '' adapter one of these days , but I just do n't see the need at this time.The constant `` rebooting '' problem people are having is probably a result of this new `` firmware upgrade '' . Honestly , there is n't much of a difference between D-link 's products and Linksys 's . I do prefer the features of the D-link overall and D-links reliability has improved . I would harp on D-link 's tech support about this `` rebooting '' issue until they make a fix .
 lo conect&egrave; a mi modem zyxel y ya tenia internet en mi laptop , si funcion&ograve; en 5 minutos ... i recommend this product
 I upgraded to this router from a Linksys to get into wireless . Setup was pretty easy , and the documentation was good . I was able to use both my desktop 's wired connection , and my laptop wirelessly within minutes of powering the unit on . It worked flawlessly with the laptop 's built in 802.11 b card . It has a lot of nice features . The best to me was the ability to filter mac addresses that are allowed to access your network . This can help keep out would be intruders by only allowing certain computers to connect . This filter works on both the wired and wireless connections . This paired with the unit 's encryption should help to keep your network fairly secure.The wireless range is pretty good too . I am able to use my laptop all over my house and in the basement . It also works outside , but the signal is weaker . I have not gotten to test the 802.11 g yet.I feel like this router is a pretty good deal , and have had noting but good experiences with D-Link products .
 It appears that DLINK is sending its marketing staff into overtime writing glowing reviews for its products . As for the wireless/wired communication problem , it 's been extensively documented on BroadbandReports.com . If you have a DI-624 Hardware Rev C2 and Firmware Rev 2.28 -LRB- Oct -RRB- , you will not be able to see the wired devices on your network , although both wireless and wired devices will be able to access the router and the Internet . This is not a problem with Firmware Rev 2.28 -LRB- Nov -RRB- , but this version is not downloadable on DLINK 's USA web site -LRB- some have said it 's available on the Canadian site -RRB- . In Feb DLINK put out Firmware Rev 2.36 which dropped all connectivity with wireless devices after 60 seconds . A week later , they put out Firmware Rev 2.37 which appears stable , although -LRB- a -RRB- there is no documentation from DLINK regarding changes in the interface , and -LRB- b -RRB- the late firmware will not load in configuration files from slightly earlier versions , meaning that you have to enter everything again -LRB- which is a pain if you 've done MAC filtering and static IP addressing -RRB- . Furthermore , DLINK refuses to put out documentation regarding its `` Gaming Mode '' which explains what blanket settings this mode actually applies to the router , so one can assess the security implications of electing it . Their post-sales staff referred me to their pre-sales staff who refused to release anything . It 's not as if such settings are proprietary in any way.Although this product appears to work fine now , the headaches I had to go through would have turned me to Linksys had I known what I was in for prior to purchase . The only reason I chose DLINK was its XBOX Live compatibility certification.Everything I just wrote are FACTS . If anyone has doubts about this , go to broadbandreports.com and do searches on DI-624 . The issues I highlight are talked about in substantial depth.One final note , stay AWAY from the DWL-G810 bridge . It does not support DHCP from the router to PCs connected to it . Using Firmware revisions 2.0 and 2.12 , I have not been able to get it to obtain its IP information from the router via DHCP . The setup is entirely manual -- you must setup the IP address of the bridge manually and any computer connected to it manually . The most ridiculous problem is that IT WILL NOT WORK IF YOU ARE NOT BROADCASTING THE SSID . What a crock . That 's basic wifi security to not beacon your SSID . Strangely , the DLINK range extender DWL-G800AP will work if the SSID is n't broadcast , so obviously DLINK could address this deficiency .
 I have been running this unit for a couple of years , and have installed several of them at friends ' houses without a hitch . This unit has always been reliable and easy to install for me . It offers WEP and WPA encryption , is easy to manage , and has simply worked without problems . I sometimes use D-Link 's wireless range extenders for big houses , including mine . In general , I have had very good luck with D-Link products , and think of the DI-624 as a reliable workhorse .
 I 've had this for about 2 months now and never bothered to write a review because it works fine . I imagine most people come here to write a review because the product was n't working for them and they need to vent somewhere . So on the other hand the people for whom this router works fine for do n't post any reviews because they have forgotten they have a router -LRB- since they are n't getting reboots , and do n't have to fiddle with settings -RRB- or they do n't feel the need to post a review if all they have to say is that it works.For me I got this as a hand me down from a friend who purchased a firewall and an access point seperately . So I got this router and replaced my older all metal casing router . I forget what brand it was , but it did n't have wireless and my laptop now has built in wireless so I figured this would do fine.And guess what ? It has been running with zero problems since I got it . I have never upgraded the firmware , and frankly do n't know what version I am running right now , but I know this router is working fine.I do n't believe I have a reboot problem , but if I do I do n't notice it . The Internet works non-stop and the wireless range is suprisingly very good . I feel very protected with MAC address filtering on and DHCP notched down to only 5 IPs since I only have 3 PCs totaly in my home.I ca n't tell you what it is about this DI-624 that is working perfect and why others are having a hard time because I just do n't fiddle with it much.I 've heard theories as to why the router reboots and my friend who gave this to me said he got his working better by simply changing the wireless channel he was using from the default channel 6 to channel 1 or 11 . I changed mine to 11 when I first got it and I 've never had any problems . So you can try that if you are one of the people having problems.I hope this helps add to the few people that actually write reviews about how this router DOES work well for them.I have to give this 5 stars because the router performs just the way it is supposed to .
 After my Linksys wireless router conked out and I got the reason as ` It happens ' I went with a different Mfg. I selected D-Link after a couple of co-workers -LRB- I work in an engineering dept -RRB- recommended it.Setup / Installation : It was a nice surprise to find the installation so easy . I was up and running in under 10 mins with my Cable Modem and my desktop.I configured my laptop and got that running in under 5 mins.Features : Wow does this thing have features . Support of VPN is nice but I really like the ability to route various requests to an ip address and a port . I can setup remote desktop to go to my desktop and only my desktop . I can setup ftp requests to come in at on port 33 to go to a server listening on port 21 . Its nice.The GUI is easy to use and features are easy to find . Anywhere from being able to deny access to certain IP addresses to Setting up Virtual Servers . The feature list is exhaustive . Even if you do n't understand the full feature set the wizard will guide you through basic setup and the defaults will suffice most peoples needs.My company 's VPN worked with no problems -LRB- previous routers had to be configured specifically to support it -RRB- . Performance
 Like many of the negative reviewers here , I too initially experienced frequent dropped connections from my Windows XP Tablet PC . Although the connection was quickly and automatically reestablished , this made it impossible to do large file transfers , etc. . This was using the factory installed 2.42 firmware.I became suspicious that D-Link was not to blame when I noticed that my two ReplayTVs were merrily making their nightly downloads via their attached Netgear WGE101 wireless bridges , and were able to stream high quality video from one to the other , and also that my children 's vintage iMacs were never losing connections via their attached Linksys WET11 wireless bridges.On my Tablet PC I therefore tried disabling the default XP setting of `` Use Windows to configure my wireless network settings '' and instead switched to using the software from the the supplier of my wireless card , in my case Intel 's PROset software . I have not had a single dropped connection since !
 I myself am a Network administrator and i have seen various setups of 802.11 b . But 802.11 g is the coolest that you can get and DLINK makes it all look so simple . It was very easy to setup and the range is great . I could set it up right out of the box . The only tweaks that i needed to do were setup my IP 's and WEP . All that took just less than an hour . The option to setup content filtering is also great . Overall 5 stars .
 Got the DLink DI-624 Router , DWL-G650 Card , and DWL - G520 for my other desktop yesterday . Initial setup was pretty straightforward with default configurations . I chose this router since it supports WPA and some of the linksys ones that I saw currently does n't . Had some configuration issues but that was due to XP 's wireless zero configuration . Disabled XP 's configuration so I could use the one that DLink has for the client cards . I get full signal strength/speed in my 1400Sqft condo . Speeds seem good like if I was on my wired network for surfing the web -LRB- figures since my SBC Yahoo connection is only 768Kbps and I 'm connected to the router at 54Mbps -RRB- . The device seems to play well with my DSL modem and my Netscreen firewall . It supports pass through VPN -LRB- IPSEC -RRB- so I can connect to my corporate lan through VPN . The only issue is that I had my VPN tunnel drop a couple of times but was connected to it for over 7 hours yesterday without a drop.It also has some nice features such as MAC filtering -LRB- to keep other wireless users from connecting through your router -RRB- , WPA-PSK which was just released and is much more secure than WEP as well as easier to set up . You will have to download the WPA supplicant from DLink 's site but it was pretty straight forward . Overall , would recommend this router ... . performance and the features you get for the price makes it a great value .
 I 'm a systems administrator and have years of experience working with networking equipment , and this is one of the best , if not the best product in it 's category . I have always been happy with D-Link products but I was a bit skeptical with this one because of the mixed reviews . I took a chance and I definitely was surprised , as this product is even better than any of the other previous D-Link products I have used . Where can I begin ... first of all make sure you get rev. C , not A or B. I have a lot of networking knowledge , but most people who would consider this product could at least have an internet connection with it in a few minutes . Despite it 's simple easy to use setup interface , the features are unmatched in any product in it 's class . D-Link is always good about releasing significant firmware updates and this prodcut is no exception . Everything you read in reviews about this product , that users complain about , has been fixed with future firmware revisions . For example , they added MAC reservations , they added an option for 802.11 G only mode , they now have 108Mb/s support -LRB- although you need their network card for this -RRB- . etc. . I ca n't go into detail in this space about the excellent features , but let me say that I have a very sophisticated home network and this is the only home router that does the job for me . Multiple VPN connections , using PTP or IPSEC work great on this thing , WITHOUT turning off the firewall -LRB- read the fineprint with other products -RRB- . The product does port redirection not just port forwarding -LRB- again look at similar products -RRB- . This product is also very useful if you are looking for a product that can help limit what your kids can do . More features for restricting Internet Access than any home router I have seen . Oh , and range is excellent I get 54Mb/s anywhere in my 3 bedroom house , and I get good signal strength all the way out to our street -LRB- and beyond -RRB- at about 5.5 Mb/s . Mixed 802.11 b and 802.11 g clients also work very well , contrary to what some others have said . Anyway , I have had no problems with this product whatsoever , and it 's one of the best pieces of networking equipment I have ever used .
 I have this router along with the laptop adapter from D-Link . I can be anywhere in my home and get a strong signal . This was easy to set up and works seamlessly with my wifes laptop that uses 802.11 b still . When she is n't is n't home or when her PC is off it seems to me that I can get slightly better transfer speeds.I am mainly concerned with everything working well across both `` B '' and `` G '' not so much with the speed capabilities.This router , like other D-Link products I 've tried , has a simple and intuative interface that allows you to change a wide array of things so you feel more in control . Or you can just leave them as default and be on your merry way.For me , it has worked as advertised and it feels good . It is n't very often that you can get something this complex in features at such a low price , and on top of that so easy to use .
 I had bought a D-Link wireless router , and later found that I chose the `` b '' type router . What a waste
 I did quite a bit of research on wireless routers before finally going with this product from D-link . Security wise , you should n't have to worry , b/c not only does it have WEP and WPA-PSK features , it should be fully compatible -LRB- thru a firmware update -RRB- with the new security standards coming out with the 802.11 i upgrade this summer . It also allows VPN passthrough , so I was able to connect to my company 's network from home.I am pretty familiar with computers , though knew nothing of wireless routers on my setup . The setup was easy , and the web interface easy to use , though I have yet to explore all the different options . Overall speed is very fast -LRB- used in conjunction with the wireless card DWL-650 -RRB- , around 40 MBPs on the first floor -LRB- 80 % signal strength -RRB- , and ~ 30 mpbs -LRB- 70 % signal strength -RRB- upstairs . Range is good , although strangely , I only get a 60 % reading 1 foot from the base station . I live in a large brick house , with perhaps one other wireless connection from my neighbors.I did encounter the trademark problem of initially having the router reboot every few minutes back to April 1 , 2002 . If you read the boards carefully , it 's recommended that you do a full factory reset -LRB- some junk leftover on the memory needs to be cleared out -RRB- , and make sure that you hold the button in for at least 30 seconds , leaving the power on , then off , then on again . By then , the load firmware page should appear on the web interface , and you can load the latest firmware -LRB- 2.48 I think -RRB- . -LRB- After loading the firmware , it does n't tell you when it 's done , so you 'll have to go ahead and reboot both your computer and the router . -RRB- Also , disable any built-in internal wireless cards you might have ; I had an Intel Wireless Pro 2100 on my IBM Thinkpad that was causing problems with the functioning of the DWL-650 . After applying those two fixes , my network has been running flawlessly . Tech support is 24/7 , and I got help from a very helpful tech that was fortunately based in the US!I intend to buy the signal booster and usb wireless adapter -LRB- for my printer -RRB- to eventually establish a true wireless network.Am very happy with the products !
 I received this yesterday and got it for a a great price -LRB- ... -RRB- . It was lower than other comparable products and offers the increased network speed.Out of the box , I was able to plug it in and be up and running right away -LRB- of course without WLAN security or other customizations -RRB- despite operating previously with hard-coded internal IPs . Honestly , the hardest part was remembering how to reassign my network printer from a 192.168.1.x address to a 192.168.0.x address -LRB- ended up just using DHCP which I did n't use previously for security reasons -RRB- . My environment consists of two laptops -LRB- 1 XP and 1 W2K -RRB- on wireless -LRB- the 128-bit WEP encryption was a snap to set up -- a first for me for my WLAN -RRB- , a LAN-wired Brother network printer , a ReplayTV , a Win98 desktop and an XP desktop -LRB- this computer -RRB- . So as a power-user , I needed a solid device and this one seems to be doing it so far -LRB- 1 day in -RRB- . One important thing to take note
 This is a very simple , mostly preconfigured router right out of the box . I take it with me when I go to my other house that uses a DSL modem , and at home where I use a satellite internet connection . Both modems use 192.168.0.1 as their gateway address , so I do n't even have to change either setting . I just plug it in and it comes right up.I have a suggestion on initial setup . Try to compare the Quick Start instructions with the manual on the same topics , and you wo n't have any problems . The wizard did n't work for me , but the instructions got me through initial setup once I got all the numbers entered correctly.Quality of the unit is good . I bought a re-furbished one on eBay that quit working about a year after I purchased it . The vendor replaced it no problem , and the replacement has been working fine for over a year . Everything here runs 24/7 so if there were any overheating/design issues , I would have found them . Most refurbs need a firmware upgrade and there were some internal differences between my old one and the replacement -LRB- the boards were totally different -RRB- though the outside apperance was identical . Both worked about the same.Signal strength is adequate . I live in a frame house and it works everywhere except in a steel outbuilding 50 ' away . I 'm currently using a D-Link 710 repeater to meet that need . My house is also three stories , and signal strength is n't the greatest up high -LRB- the unit is in the basement -RRB- . This is typical of most wireless routers , they are designed to throw the signal from side to side instead of up and down . I put another 710 upstairs and I have `` excellent '' signal everywhere . My D-Link seems to have as much signal strength as my neighbor 's Linksys that he is using at my other house . Neither one transmits very far through concrete blocks.I 've installed one at work inside a pretty involved network subnet , and the only issues we had with it there was to drop the router 's MTU setting down to 1000 to accomodate some cheap Windows laptops so they could get larger downloads . This did not seem to affect speed or range at all.Downsides : The router will do some basic firewall functions like URL blocking and it lists connected users , but beyond that only offers cable checking as an added feature.Upsides : For the price , it 's a great way to get started with wireless for not much money . The website is a great resource of information on networking , and will get you going quickly.Summary : I give the item five stars as I am completely happy with it 's performance , and as far as value , they are available very reasonably priced here and elsewhere . The documentation is good , but might be confusing for a first timer.This is a good solid product .
 This is my first wireless router ever and so I di n't know anything about them ... To select the approriate router for me I had to read A LOT of reviews all over the internet ... After 2 weeks , I decided for this beauty -LRB- I was hesitant between a Linksys and this one ... -RRB- . Now I am very well surprised and glad to have this D-Link ! The set-up was extremly easy and quick and the range is amazing ! I have no dead spots in my 2 story house and the signal is maximal all over ! I really recommend this router ...
 I 've had the d-link for about 2 months . I was confused as to whether to buy it based on the conflicting reviews , but I decided to go ahead . THIS PRODUCT RULES . I had 2 PCs -LRB- wired -RRB- and 2 laptops -LRB- wireless -RRB- configured within 1.5 hours with the WEP encryption . The router works great . My advise is check out the software emulator on the dlink website - this lets you play with all the possible configuration settings and lets you see what you are getting into .
 I unpacked the product , installed it , and have been useing it ever since with no problems . I have an Acer Laptop -LRB- wireless -RRB- and an Apple iMac -LRB- Ethernet -RRB- on the network in my home , and both perform very well on DSL .
 With this product , D-Link once again proves why they are on top of the consumer networking products market .
 Excellent router - great speed and distance coverage in my house . It even provides great connection speeds to the second floor bedrooms .
 I have had this product for over a year and have had absolutely noproblems with it . The range is excellent in my single story 4 bedroom house -LRB- router is on one end and I pick up all the way on the other end -RRB- . I didhave some problems configuring it with my Sprint DSL and the DLINKcustomer support was the best I have ever experienced . Sprint was doingsomething a little different than normal on my DSL router and the techfrom DLINK walked me through how to configure everything properly . Ihave never experienced some of the problems others complained about -LRB- reboots , bad range , etc. -RRB- so overall I am extremely pleased . I wanted to wait forat least a year to write a review to see how well it would last -LRB- it 's been constantly on for the entire time -RRB- .
 Just plug in and go with this one . I got it because it supports 11b and 11g well as I have one Intel Centrino laptop which is 11b and a desktop and Apple Airport both of which are 11g . Not many routers handle this well . I have it going through two solid masonry walls and a huge refrigerator with no performance problems at all . For the price and performance you ca n't beat it . There are faster routers around but with proprietary protocols with non standard MIMO etc that just would not work well with my Centrino or Airport . Excellent tech support
 I 've had this router for over a year now . It was easy to setup and never had any problem . Currently , I have 4 desktops connected to it via Cat 5 cables and 2 laptops connected wirelessly . D-Link is also good at updating its firmware . I 'm a happy customer .
 This device was very easy to set up and has worked great so far . I havent tried anything to technical so I wont comment on some of the features . However , if all you want is a router for the home that is easy to use this device works just fine .
 I am using this item from 3 weeks and never had any problem , The setup is so easy . unlike other reuters where you have to switch between connections and configure before going wireless , this one does n't require any such kind.i had problems with the other reuters , like getting disconnected often . but this one runs undisrupted.i have a cordless phone which works on the same frequency , but never had any problem.the size is somewhat bigger , apart from that , it is absolutely problem free
 I purchased this wireless router to link my notebook and desktop computer and share my high-speed broadband connection . This product was unbelieveably simple to install and configure , and the process only took a few minutes ! The signal produced by the router is excellent and can be received by my notebook virtually anywhere in a 3,000 + square foot home without sacrificing signal quality or speed of connection . I 'm currently running about 2.5 Mbps downstream to the router , and I do n't notice any decrease in bandwidth when using multiple computers . This product is well worth the small price and a must-have for anyone interested in having a hassle-free wireless network .
 Like the previous reviewer , I am finding lots of incompabilities between vendors . My D-L 624 works just peachy with the built-in in my wife 's Dell , and likes my Proxim Orinoco . It hates my son 's Linksys when any form of encryption is enabled , but with WEP off handles it fairly well . For work I coupled the D-Link 624 with the 650 card and it works just fine . I had my son buy a Linksys card because the router that he 's sharing at school is a Linksys , but which refused to recognize the Proxim card that works with my D-Link . I think all of this indicates just how imature this technology is . It probably ai n't you if it does n't work.Also , DLink does a pretty good job of updating their firmware , and you probably want to take the time to update the BIOS -LRB- easy , just follow the fairly clear instructions -RRB- before you start loading MACs and enabling things -LRB- you ca n't import your old settings after you flash the bios - you start over from the beginning -RRB- .
 Not only does this product deliver all that is advertised but the service from D-Link is without a doubt the best in the high tech industry . Every vendor should take notice .
 We 've owned the DI-624 for over a year - rev_c version with one antenna . The installation was easy w/the exception that setting up advanced security was n't as easy as I 'd liked . -LRB- would give 41/2 stars if I could -RRB- Unit is hard wired to Motorola cable modem . It is used with 2 wired pcs and 2 Centrino-equipped IBM laptops . Both laptops are using their internal mini pc adapters and built-in antennas . One is on 11g -LRB- 54Mbps -RRB- standard and the other @ 11b -LRB- 11Mbps -RRB- . Both laptops routinely operate over 40 ft. from the router , through walls and floors.In the year 's time this device has worked flawlessly . Even with `` low '' signal strength on the 11b from our basement , internet speed is usually strong at 10Mbps . The other laptop routinely operates at 54mbps at opposite end of our house . Once I pulled out the manual , it was very easy to add a new laptop to the security configuration settings . Have had no experience working with the company 's support desk . Never have any connection problems with the wired pcs.With respect to wireless connection dropouts , usual cause at our house comes from use of portable phones which operate at same radio frequency . When phones are hung up , wireless connection reestablishes itself quickly without fuss . Inconvenient , but we work around it by using our cell phones or wired phones more frequently . Have reviewed changing portable phones w/different frequency , but are not seeing increased reliability to warrant the purchase . Generally , product requires no attention -LRB- better than our electric toaster ! -RRB- , we 're pleased with the date throughput and would not hesitate to buy this product again .
 I needed to set up a home network since I was going to have to VPN to the office from home . I am in the IT field but never set up a wireless network . They were offering the D-Link set up with a number of rebates so I thought I would give it a shot . Everyone says Link Sys is the way but I thought for the price it was worth the risk . The system is very reliable and it works . Speed is really great . I have a cable connection and use the Motorola Surfboard modem connected to my D-link . The initial set up is in my sons room and I have the wireless USB adaptor hooked to my PC . I set it all up with the included booklet and cd . The only con is if you are very PC illiterate it would help to have someone that knows PC connections to assist you . I would buy it again .
 I have been using this router for 3 months and never regret that I bought it . Things I like about it :1 -RRB- Signal strength
 I read many reviews before purchasing the D-Link DI-624 Wireless Router and although there were negative comments , there were more for any other acceptable alternative . I 'm a Mac user and found it tricky to set up , calling tech support before I got it right . But now that it 's up and running , it works perfectly . My MacBook Pro gets a full signal anywhere in the house , and most of my yard which is over an acre . I downgraded it to four stars for the lack of comprehensive instructions , but their tech support was both courteous and very helpful . After a couple of months now , It still works seamlessly , allowing my portable wireless internet access and my desktop access through Ethernet connection . Based upon my experience , I recommend this for others as well .
 This works very well and have had no problems , easy setup for broadband.I am very satisfied.Also great price
 D-link is the place to be for speed in the wireless world I have the complete extremeG wireless system now for over a year and it 's still going strong ... the only thing I do n't like is the only company I found to support the WPA-PSK security for printservers is netgear .
 Works perfectly . Yes perfectly . Flawlessly . That being said , the installation instructions provided with the unit are not the best . Thank God I have an eighteen year-old son . What I struggled with for an hour he fixed in thirty seconds . I 'm sure customer service would have helped just as quickly , but being a guy I just could n't call for help . You know how it is .
 Very quick and easy set-up . Rich set of admin features.I bought it to replace a much older version with failing LAN ports . Very easily switched wireless devices over to this router with minimal down time . No complications cloning MAC for use with my cable modem on the WAN port .
 What a breeze !!!! Great product , step-up and installation gave me no problem at all . I highly recommend this product ...
 OK the first week I had this I was bummed because it seems my Internet connection would drop every 8 hours or so . I do n't know what caused it , but it happened . I just had to reboot the router to make it work again.Well now I got the latest firmware and I think it is fixed . I forgot to check for new firmware the day I brought it home and did n't think that it would solve my problem . But it did , and I wish I would have looked sooner.The overall use of thei router is pretty easy to figure out . I like being able to log into it from my web browser anytime I want . The performance of this router is good enough for me . i do n't think this is breaking any speed records , but it certainly is a little faster than my old router . Just not amazingly fast , ya know?Wireless works great and has never dropped signal within my fairly-big apartment.If this router is in your price budget , and it should be , since it 's one of the most inexpensive for its features , then I 'd recommend getting one . I have to give it 5 stars for being able to do whatever I want whenever I want after the simple and free upgrade of the firmware .
 With this easy to use wireless router from D-Link I 've been able to get many PCs online via our wireless network . I actually happen to share my Internet connection with my neighbor in the apartment next to me . I have this router up against a wall in my office which happens to share a wall with my neighbors `` office '' as well . So instead of drilling a whole in the wall I just let him know the WEP key and SSID and he can connect his desktop up to the Internet . And we split the Internet cost.With a product this easy to use and reliable it 's no wonder it is very popular . I 'm happy to say that I had zero problems with the orginal setup , or with upgrading firmwares , although having to re-enter all my configurations is a pain , I can live with it .
 I plugged it in and upgraded firmware ASAP . Then I did a quick recon of my available options . WOW ! there are a lot of options at this price point.Next I setup my wireless configuration with an emphasys on wireless security . I can allow only certain MAC addresses , have WEP enabled , or WPA , and only passout a certain number of IP addresses , thus allowing only as many PCs on my network as I need . Awesome!Now the reliability of this router seems to be in question . And I do n't doubt others have problems as it seems there are enoug of them , but I bought this off of recommendations from others who have it working . I 'm not sure what other people 's specific problems are , but this router works great for me and has been for months .
 There is n't much I can say about this router , except that it works wonders for us here at home . We use it to share our Internet conenction between 4 PCs and a wireless laptop . The laptop has become ultra portable and is very useful with it 's wireless capabilities . We do n't have any problems with the PCs not connecting , or staying connected to the router/internet . All the good things are pretty much covered by everyone else here in the reviews . Bascially it 's easy to use and it works . I do n't think you can ask for much more than what this provides.I recommend upgrading the firmware when you get it though as the copy loaded onto the router may be an older version .
 This router has been on the market for many years now and it just keeps getting better . With the new hardware upgrades -LRB- faster processor , more memory , etc. -RRB- and firmware upgrades -LRB- more effecient speeds , and reliability -RRB- this is only getting better with age.If you are looking for a well seasoned router that 's been through the ringer and back , this is your router . All the features this thing has is incredible . For being such a reasonable price this router has a very good features to price ratio .
 Set up was a cinch ! Was up and running in 30 minutes with 3 computers . The firware update for the router was n't hard but does require some computer knowledge . Teamed with the DWL-G650 Network Card -LRB- firmware updated -RRB- I really do n't see how it could get any faster . I actually tested the wireless connection compared to a direct cable connection and it was only .1 Mbs slower using wireless , which is amazing . Using Road Runner I was downloading 380KB/s wireless . As far as I can tell the range is outstanding . I am going through 3 walls and 30 feet right now and have excellent signal strength . I highly recommend this product to anyone who does n't want to settle for average as this product is far from it . Well worth the money and seems to be very high quality ! Great product D-link
 I bought this keyboard several years ago and it has worked well every since ... I recently put it on a new home theater PC and it works great . The only downside as far as I see it is it 's use of infrared versus radio , so line of sight can be an issue . This does have an advantage though as it does n't interfere with wifi or cordless phones.Overall very good !
 Ill start off with this - Wireless headphones are a new innovation , so there are very few out there , and most have many flaws . But the Creative SL3100 is the best of whats out there , not perfect , but its a new technology . If you want wireless headphones , this is the way to go . ESPECALLY if you have a creative player that will allow you to control the player with these headphones.For my personal experiences with it . The battery life is great , and lasted me virtually an entire cross-country airplane trip yesterday . -LRB- 4 and a half hours -RRB- and then . The range never dies out if you carry it in your pocket , but i found it can extend as far as 100 feet -LRB- over 3 times the reported amount -RRB- if there is a completely clear path between you and the player . Although at this range a person walking between you will temporally block the signal . In normal use , moving to the next room should not ruin the signal , but it dies at around 25 feet -LRB- as opposed to the reported 30 -RRB- . But once again , in your pocket it will work fine . Im no Audiophile , but it has perfect playback , with occasional beeps when you skip to the next track , or its funning low on batteries , which , although soft , gets annoying . The generally fit in a bag , and can fit in a pocket , but a bit uncomfortably . They are , however , surprisingly comfortable on your head . I have used them with my MP3 player , computer , and even record player , it is never a hassle . The only real complaint is they are a bit big ... but its doubtful they would fit in a smaller casing . Also it should be noted that it uses blue tooth , which is a flawed technology only in that two devices cant operate within wireless range of each other . This should not be too much of a problem as they are not all that common today ... but the thing it is can never be too common for that reason . Imagine if all MP3 palyer did not work within 30 feet of another . But once again , ive had no problems on that end , even in crowds and in the city.And on a final note , id like to say of all the wired headphones i have ever had , almost all of them break somewhere involving the wire connecting it to the player.Summary : Has a few annoyances and flaws , but for a new technology is absolutely great . In a few years when wireless headphones are more common , perhaps we will see smaller ones with longer range and such ... but for now , compared to anything else these are the best .
 These headphones are n't great as a primary pair , but nevertheless , they are quite decent , and that bluetooth technology comes in VERY handy ! I use a pair of very fine sounding B&O ; 's as my primary headphones , but whenever I need wireless , I use these . Which is pretty often . Seriously , it is a joy to be able to move around freely doing things without getting all tangled up in a wire . The headphones do feel tight around the head - they are not the most comfortable pair I 've owned - however , the tightness makes them actually stay on your head while you 're being active . -LRB- Unlike over-the-head ones which can fall off , or in-ear phones which plop right out of my ears ... -RRB- Also , the spare leatherette ear cushions make them a lot comfier than they would have been.The sound is n't the best for this price range -LRB- I think we 're mainly paying for the bluetooth here , not the sound , but the sound is the reason I take a point off -RRB- , but of course it certainly beats your standard cheapo crap that comes with your player . The controls sync perfectly with my Zen player , but I also use these with a non-Creative stereo ; you lose most of the headphone controls that way but they still beat being tethered to the stereo!The range is not quite as good as what you get with wireless RF headphones , but you do n't get the crackly static either . As long as you 're in range with nothing major blocking the signal -LRB- and no other active bluetooth devices in range -RRB- then the sound is uninterrupted.The other really nice thing about these headphones is that they seem to be uniquely sturdy ! Again , in contrast to my B&O ; 's - which sound incredible but feel like they could break in my hands - these things I can throw in my backpack , they get tossed around all day , and still good as new . The dongle unfortunately seems a bit flimsier ; I hope with the next generation Creative will do something about that.Also , the reviewer who wrote `` Product is unsupported by Creative '' is just plain wrong . I actually had to return the first pair of these I got ; it was defective out of the box . I only got sound in one channel . I emailed Creative on their website , and got an RMA right away with no hassle . I returned them and got a brand new pair , sealed inside a box within about 3 weeks . The new pair works perfectly , and I even now have some spare ear cushions and other accessories , since they only had me return the headphones + dongle without the accessories .
 Pros ; With included dongle they sound as good as any other headphones I have ever owned . Battery life seems good as well.Cons ; Connected to my samsung sync they get a little glitchy -LRB- like a skipping cd -RRB- . It 's incredibly annoying.Bottom line ; they sound good wired or with included dongle , but used with other bluetooth devices is hit or miss .
 Got these today . Charged it up and it works great ! You know what I love about this thing ? 1 -RRB- No software drivers to worry about like with USB bluetooth devices .2 -RRB- Can use with any device with 3.5 '' audio output jackCan use it with my PC , my laptop , my iPod , my cell phone . Clear sound , no popping/hissing , and good range .
 I 've had these headphones for about 2 weeks now and they 've completely surpassed my expectations and I 'm extremely happy with them . They work flawlessly with every device I 've hooked them to . They can connect to anything with a strereo headphone jack -LRB- 3.5 mm -RRB- and If you 'd like to hook them up to your Audio/Video reciever all you need is one of those jacks that converted the large plug to the small ones . They 're foolproof to use ; simply conect the very small bluetooth transmitter to a device and turn it on , turn on the headphones and they hook up seamlessly . The audio quality is much better than I expected and you 'd be hard pressed to tell the difference between wired and wireless because the sound is exceptional . The charger provided charges both the headphones and the small transmitter at the same time , the charge time is only about 2.5 hours and they last a reasonable 7-8 hours of continous music play . What makes these headphones so versatile is that they can also be used in wired mode and they come with a cable that alows you to use tham as regular wired headphones if the battery dies out on you . They are quite lightweight and I use them at the gym regularily . The ONLY slight downside is that because the headphones have a built in Lithium-Ion battery , they are a little larger than I 'd like but it 's a downside I am more then willing to put up with because having NO wires is simply amazing . I do n't think I can ever go back to wired headphones . I ca n't believe more people do n't own these yet because CREATIVE obviously did their research before releasing these and overall they are exceptional headphones . There is occasionally interference but the transmitter automatically fixes it quickly so al you need to do is hook them up to your MP3 and leave it in your pocket . Even more good news is that if you have a MP3 player that supports the audio controls , you can scroll through songs from buttons on the headphones , but even if your MP3 player does n't support this , there is a volume control on the headphone that works no matter what the transmitter is hooked to . Just so you know , these headphones are not meant to transmit very far and there is interference if you go a room or too away because the transmiter is so small it really ca n't create a strong enough signal to punch through a bunch of walls but this is n't what the headphones are meant for . I simply ca n't say enough good things about these great sounding wireless headphones and I 'd highly recomend them to anyone wanting a perfect solution for some wirelss music from an MP3 player , TV , and any other device you 'd like to hook them .
 Great headphone and they work seamlessly with my Zen Sleek Photo . Controls are on the right earphone , including
 We 're very happy with this product . We bought the SL3100 for use with a TV and a couple of Creative music players . The sound quality is just fine ; the behind-the-head fit is comfortable . We experienced no problems getting the little transmitter to `` pair '' , that is , synchonize its frequency and digital coding , with the head phone receiver.Some reviewers complained about the sound quality . It may not be as good as a several-hundred dollar high-end head phone , but it 's just fine for our use with clear highs and plenty of bass . The maximum volume is limted , but it 's plenty loud for comfortable listening . Boosting the volume on the TV or music player helps increase the volume at the SL3100.Our microwave oven does interfere with the SL3100 if you are close to the oven ; as you move away the interferece diminishes . There is no interference from our Linksys wireless router . Frequency hopping technology used by the Bluetooth standard prevents interference from other 2.5 GHz devices , like routers . I stood directly in front of the router while it was on and there was no interference with the audio I was listening to.The range for the SL3100 is quoted as about 10M -LRB- about 33 ft. -RRB- . This seems about right . A couple of rooms away from the transmitter , the sound began to break up . Going upstairs , less than 10M line of sight , had no effect.I rate the SL3100 five stars not because it 's the best headphone out there , but because it does exactly what it says it will do and for a fairly reasonable price .
 I got these headphones about a month ago , and I love them . I plugged the adapter into my Creative Zen Vision
 I 've used the SL3100 Bluetooth headphones for over 3 months now and am very pleased with them . I waited awhile before writing a review because of my experience with the Logitech Bluetooth headphones for the Ipod . I wrote a glowing review for those in mid-2005 after I had them for a couple of weeks only to have them break on me a few weeks later . I subsequently replaced them two additional times only to experience repeated breakings of the head band . When I received the SL3100s I quickly put them through all the situations in which the Logitech headphones broke -LRB- carry-on luggage , falling asleep while wearing them etc. -RRB- yet they have failed to break . I think Creative has a winner here . I only wish Creative could make them a little sleeker . Other than that they look a little floppy , they have good battery life , good range and easily sync up for use with my Ipod , TV and PSP .
 They are an over the ear type headphone , if you 've not worn one before , your first impression would be that they do n't feel very good . But once you get used to how to put them on and where to put them on your ear ... they are quite comfortable . The SL-3100 is no exception to this rule . Once you -LRB- through trial and error -RRB- you learn how to put them on and how to position them on your ear ... they are fine . I 've worn the SL-3100 's for hours -LRB- and I wear glasses too -RRB- and they feel just as good as my high quality over-the-head headphones.They sound very good to me , I use them for satellite radio reception so I do n't bother my wife -LRB- she does n't like the same music I do -RRB- . I also use them at work to listen to audio on my computer -LRB- using a LinkSys bluetooth dongle -RRB- . They work great that way also.I 'm quite happy with them ... I 've never run the battery out . . but normally do n't listen to music more than 6 hours or so a day . It took a bout 20 seconds for them to link up with the included transmitter the first time , after that ... it only took a few seconds.They do what they 're supposed to do ... play audio very clearly -LRB- and quite loud if you want too ! -RRB- ... and do it well .5 stars all the way !
 Just had these installed and must be the most underrated speakers on the market . Found a website from 2001 , when these were introduced where they were priced at over $ 1000 . For the price that Amazon is offering these , it is impossible to make a bad decision.The sound is so crisp . Dialog especially is amazing on the Center speaker .
 I like them alot , great value for the priceThey dont come with a sub which was fine since I made my own DIY 8 '' ported sub and it made a perfect HT system for my 20x25 room ...
 I 've been playing with my STR-DG710 for two days , and this is my early review . The sound quality is good -LRB- only 1 % Total Harmonic Distortion or `` THD '' -RRB- in stereo , but gets ridiculous -LRB- 10 % THD ! -RRB- when listening in surround sound . I realize that this is an entry-level video receiver , and that most people are n't really fanatical about sound accuracy when they are watching their special effects laden 6.1 surround sound Hollywood blockbuster . Nevertheless , any THD over 1 % is noticeable , so this specification should be noted.The same people who care about THD also would n't be using a receiver as their video switcher , but Sony did a good job with this unit . If you use either or both of the HDMI , the receiver does n't mess with the signal and sends it as is to the TV , which is great . The only limitation as far as this hands-off approach goes , is that if you want to take advantage of a 96 kHz surround source , your video resolution is limited to 720p or 1080i . In other words , if you go with the highest quality audio -LRB- 96 kHz sampling frequency -RRB- , you wo n't be able to also use the highest quality video -LRB- 1080p -RRB- . In case you really want the best of both worlds , hook up the HDMI straight from your source to the TV , and connect the audio from the source to the receiver.Also about the unit 's video switching capabilities , it switches fine , but it does n't convert . Other receivers , even in the same price range , will take a composite input -LRB- yellow RCA connector -RRB- , a component input -LRB- red , blue , green connectors -RRB- , and an S-Video input , and will output all of them to a component output to your TV , for instance . This is good because it means that you never have to switch anything on the TV , just leave it on Video 1 -LRB- or whatever -RRB- and the receiver does the conversion . This Sony unit does n't do that . It sends the component inputs to the component output , the composite inputs to the composite output , and the HDMI inputs to the HDMI output . This means that you will need to switch the TV to Video 1 , Video 2 , etc , depending on how different your source outputs are . This is no big deal , and you can just program a macro on your remote , but it 's also worth mentioning.Speaking of inputs and outputs , most stores -LRB- including Amazon -RRB- and reviewers are taking Sony 's word for gospel on this , but they are all wrong . This receiver has no S-Video inputs or outputs . The only site I saw that got this right is Crutchfield . They probably looked at the back of the unit before publishing their specs . Even the SonyStyle site says how this receiver has `` 3 S-Video Inputs and 1 S-Video Output '' - it does not . Check out the photo , here on Amazon or any other site that sells it , there are no S-Video jacks on the back . Considering how this receiver already has component , composite , and HDMI , I realize I should n't be complaining , but in my case , with a couple of older non-HD components -LRB- 2nd Gen Tivo , for example -RRB- , I could have really used S-Video ins and outs.Lastly , and this is good , I promise , Sony did a good job allowing for customization of the unit . You can switch inputs around , rename inputs -LRB- `` Tivo '' instead of `` Video 1 '' -RRB- and radio stations , and tweak all kinds of levels for that perfectly balanced sound.The STR-DG710 is a fine , flexible audio/video receiver for a good price . It sounds good and has a lot of special effects for you to play with if you dive into the manual . Now that you know its limitations you can make a better comparison with other low-end receivers . Hope this helps !
 I 'm not going to get into many technical details . Not because I ca n't but because at this price range you KNOW what you are getting . With that said this unit has performed very well . Most of us will never run this at the high end of the volume spectrum , so distortion is n't an issue . The average person will be more than satisfied with this unit . One thing I will mention is that the `` Auto Calibration '' -LRB- for speaker set-up -RRB- using the included mic was not close enough for me . Most people probably would n't notice . There is a Robust menu for customizing your sound with many features found in higher end receivers . The remote is a little cheesy , as most are lately . I 'm using it in a smaller home theater in my bedroom . Main/only home theater use would be fine , plenty of power and way better than the receivers that are in most `` canned '' systems -LRB- all in one 's -RRB- . Good receiver/great price -LRB- approx . two hundred dollar range -RRB- .
 If you jumped on the HDTV bandwagon early and have the following problem , you 'll appreciate this receiver . This review focuses almost solely on the video switching and audio input assignment capabilities . Sony is the king of video . However , they have never claimed their low-end stereo equipment to be market-leading . All of the goodies are usually reserved for their ES series . Having paid more than $ 2000 for my last receiver -LRB- I woke up and sold it -RRB- , I was floored to see that I could even purchase a receiver for this price . Interestingly I have been going receiverless and was not even in the market for one.I had a problem . My HDTV is a few years old and the only digital input is DVI -LRB- DVI video is right there with HDMI but has no audio -RRB- . Worse , there is only one . I purchased a HDMI/DVI converter cable that passes video only and connected the audio via old-school composite cables . That worked wonderfully for the HD DVR . The problem came when I added the Playstation 3 . I started looking at HDMI switches . Good solution for the video but quickly realized I had no way to input the two audio sources to the same input . Yes I know I could have jumped back a couple of decades and used a switch from Radio Shack but I was trying to move forward . So-I found a HDMI switch that converted to DVI and passed audio . This switch alone , from Geffen , goes for $ 299 . Definitely not for me.So when I found this receiver with HDMI switching I was most pleased . The big question was , with the HDMI cable coming out of the receiver , headed towards the TV , carrying digital video - and - audio , can this thing still assign another digital audio source and somehow override the audio portion of the HDMI cable . Amazingly yes . I almost made the mistake of buying a receiver 5 times the cost just to switch DVI.The gist
 After I hooked it up to my 12 '' Infinity sub and surround speakers , the sound is excellent . I was able to get sound and video from my HD DVD player but I could not get sound from my CD player via HDMI.I had to use the super audio rca connections . I wish it would have more music choices -LRB- equalizer -RRB- . It only has around five.For the price , It is an excellent 6.1 receiver.Sony SSF-6000 Floor Standing 4-way Speaker Pair . A set of these speakers for the front will go very well with this receiver .
 I purchased the Sony DG710 after an older Sony kicked the bucket -LRB- to be fair , it was 10 years old -RRB- . Everyone has their own setups , so here 's mine : Wharfedale front channelsAdvent back channelsAR subwooferDVD player component audioDVR component audioPS2 optical audioWii composite audioPC composite audioUnlike most , I prefer to run the video sources straight to the TV so they do n't have to use this receiver as a passthrough . I ca n't confirm whether this results in a better picture , but I 'm guessing it does.Thus , my review is only audio-related . And wow ... is it excellent . Crisp , clear , and good enough to pick up the imperfections in my PC 's terrible soundcard . It can get substantailly loud without distortion and comes with a great range of settings.The unit is well-built , does n't get too hot and looks nice . The composite inputs on the front are a huge plus , and all the dials and buttons respond well . The display is awesome , telling you what you 're listening to -LRB- 2/0 , 3/2 .1 , etc. -RRB- The only dings
 This receiver is perfect for my needs . That 's why I gave it 5 stars . I purchased this unit after returning a STR-DG510 because I made a poor choice originally . That 's not a knock on the 510 because for the money it 's a great value . But the 710 with it 's full HD 1080P compatibility , it 's handling of the audio through the HDMI cable , the auxiliary AV inputs on the front panel , the power , and the quality sound gave me all reasons I needed to upgrade . I had the advantage of hearing a 710 which my son had purchased so I was pre-sold but I did n't have the correct model number when I first ordered which meant a return and reorder.Amazon was great with the transaction . They sent me the return confirmation number immediately , provided the printed label on-line for the repacked unit and I sent it back via UPS . They gave me a full refund and I am completely satisfied with both the new receiver and with Amazon 's excellent customer service.This receiver costs more than the first one I ordered -LRB- nearly double -RRB- but it really delivers and for this price is still a value in my view . Coupled with a Harmony remote which allows me to pre-program all the features I want with one button -- watch cable/dvr , watch blue ray videos , play PS3 games , view video cassettes -LRB- I know , what are they ? -RRB- or listen to music . The Harmony sends the signal and the 710 responds beautifully.As usual , I 'll probably still do some tweaking down the road but for now , I 'm extremely pleased with my purchase.Dave
 Although I have not used it to it 's full capacity -LRB- 6.1 setup -RRB- , I am very happy with the product . It 's many features allow an almost customized listening experience . Currently I am using just a pair of Bose 301 -LRB- series I -RRB- and a new Yamaha subwoofer but , the sound is very , very good . My only very minor comment -LRB- not complaint -RRB- is that there are no s-video jacks . Even my MP3 player sounds great . Does not produce much heat -LRB- a good thing -RRB- . I would buy it again and again .
 Purchased the Sony STR-DG710 6.1 Home Theater Receiver to match with Sony 5.1 speaker system and Visio HDTV ... the sound is ` unreal ' ! So realistic that my dogs go wild thinking someone/thing is in or outside the house.The two -LRB- 2 -RRB- HDMI inputs and single HDMI output made the DVR and DVD installation so easy I was up and running in 15 minutes . An additional bonus is using the DVR -LRB- cable box -RRB- HDMI input allows you to shut-off the HDTV and listen to the TV station - great for both talk/sport shows and the cable music channels -LRB- which I never tuned in before -RRB- . Great product , great sound , and better price - 5 Star !
 this receiver is a great product for the money it is amazingly accurate on the sound projections . I had a yamaha that was suppose to be great , but this one sounds so much better so thanks
 Excellent product for the money . The HDMI is nice , but a simple s-video output would be a win . Anyway , easy to set-up , pretty easy menus and it arrived ahead of schedule .
 To me and my ears , it sounds great ! I do n't get concerned about numbers and specs . I 'm only concerned about how it sounds to my ears . The remote is `` cheapo '' and light weight . The remote lacks the functions of being able to change the volume and/or balance of each channel FROM the remote . But you can/do program the audio levels from the front of the receiver . Of course , the remote has a master volume up and down . But do n't think , no matter how tech savy you are , that you 'll program the individual speaker audio levels without reading the manual . Without following step by step programming instructions from the manual , you 'll just have to rely on the auto program feature where you plug in a cheap little mic and place it where you will be sitting and at ear level . That works OK but I much prefer to set up the sudio to my preferences and not to the preferences of those who engineered this amp . But , it really does sound super ! Good amp for the money . But definitely use the HDMI cable . The audio just wo n't be the true 6.1 -LRB- or 5.1 in my case -RRB- unless you use the digital connections . After its set up , no problem . I 'm really enjoying the surround sound with my HDTV .
 This was my first experience with the HDMI world of sound . After some misunderstanding and study I found that this unit has more self-detecting/setup features than my former Sony AV Theater.Suddenly I found myself transported into a theater.The Pass-Thru features of Video are quite easy to adjust to - no more wrong In or Out connections . I have a lot more to learn but am satisfied for now .
 I have alot of Sony products and have had great success with them all till now . I tied the Sony STR-DG710 into my system that consists of a Sony 52 inch Bravia and a Sony Bluray disc player . I used all HDMI cables to tie them all in including my cable HD box . Everything went fine for about 5 days . Then the sound on the TV quit . I swapped the HDMI cables for the disc player and TV and still no sound out of the TV . So I used the input for the disc player for the cable box and the disc is now without sound and I have my TV sound back . I have to take the DG710 back for repair . They say if your going to have trouble with electronics it will be within the first 30 days or so . All in all I really like Sony and aside from having to get it fixed so soon I really like the unit .
 Replaced the 6x8 speakers in my F-150 and it transformed the system.The stock system is the single CD AM/FM head unit , Sirius radio , and the four 6x8 speakers . Also , there is an iPod line-in connection on the top of the dash . The Sirius radio is free for six months and the receiver is made to work with the stock head unit , not a simple plug-in for a replacement front end.My hope was the new speakers would provide some improvement over the lackluster performance of the stock speakers . I replaced the front speakers first and faded front to rear to compare with the stock speakers . The Boston Acoustic SL80 speakers are far more musical and accurate . You can hear the qualities of the individual instruments and voices . The highs are sweet and the bass is amazing from such a small driver . I could easily live with the system now for as long as I own the truck.I 'm sure the SL80 speakers are now the strongest link in the chain -LRB- replacing the weakest link -RRB- and could benefit from upgrading the rest of the system , but the stock CD/radios are better quality than they used to be . If I were to upgrade any further , it would probably mean replacing everything else in order to add a subwoofer because of compatibility with the head unit . If it comes to that , I hope I could utilize the Sirius antenna integrated in the roof and keep the line-in connection in the dash for the iPod .
 I own both the 25U and the 48U and love both of them . Solid construction and quality . I was surprised as this one came pre assembled on a pallet . Amazon prime shipping was the best part , free 2day shipping , what a steal !
 I love this unit , it has plenty of space to put your blade servers and hardware . for those pieces of hardware that does not take much depth space , you can pile them together and use that backspace to put a cabinet mount unit on the backside to hide your goodies from your family . that 's where I keep all my snacks . to them it looks like a computer console of junk with lights , but in the rear side is where the real goodies are .
 Perfect size , has enough space on back side to put compartments for storage as well . The rear has two swing doors . Made with enough space for ventilation . Might purchase another for other location if accounting gives me money .
 Worked perfectly ... . Just Soldered The Wires and put some heat shrink tubes on them to seal out moisture Wire 's matched up perfectly . . Put a single Dim JVC blue tooth unit in and have had no issues at all .
 This did not work on my 2004 Silvarado . As I was heading to Best Buy to purchase one that would fit I was ticked off . Best Buy had the same connector that claimed to fit my vehicle . The photo is an accurate depiction of the plug . It appears to be made as well as the one that I ended up buying for $ 20 . The plug that I bought at Best Buy for my Silvarado did not work , I had to wire in an accessory wire to run the stereo . Apparently the computer runs the functions of the stock radio and it makes the installation of an aftermarket radio more difficult . I purchased a fuse box tap at Reilly Auto Parts stock number FMH200BP and tapped into my fuse block . The price of this item is great and if you know what type of plug you need before you order it should work ok . Next time I will do more research , but I am only out less than $ 4 .
 I purchased this along with a JVC head unit . The only trouble I had was not due to the wiring harness , it was the fact that my 2002 GMC Sierra did not have the necessary switched power feed to power the head unit.The wires are all labeled , so there 's no need to go to another source to determine how to connect the harness to your head unit . Overall , I rate this five stars due to the quality and value .
 Installed on 1998 Pontiac TranSport . Works fine . Not all wires are connected . Do not know the function of unconnected wires . But everything still works .
 Good product , easy to use . You do have to be somewhat creative to stuff all the wires into the cavaties behind the new head unit .
 Love it ! It made my life so easy when it came to wiring my new headunit , fit perfect into my old wiring harness and even all the colors matched my new ones so that made it easier too . Would buy again in a heartbeat !
 This works great and was a simple install . The colors actually matched up to the factory wires perfectly ! I did n't even have to read the words on the wires . A must use item .
 this product worked so well it saved so much time and money . Absolutely fantastic just plug in connect a few wires it works like a champ very satisfied
 suena muy bien ! la razon de mi demora al calificar este producto se debio a que este articulo tuvo que viajar hasta venezuela y una vez aqui ... pude probar el articulo
 This is item is needed it made the installation easy I suggest people to order this item along with the stereo .
 This item helped with easy installation of Dual XD5250 In-Dash CD/CD-RW Car Stereo Receiver . This item is a must for older model cars that do not have necessary wiring required to install a new stereo !
 Love the product which makes for easy installation ... when it fits your vehicle . Despite Amazon saying this is the right part , before ordering a harness , call/website Metra for proper vehicle match . Avoid my current problem of an expensive present that now ca n't be used yet and a dashboard completely disassembled before you find that out . Waiting on the RIGHT wiring harness as I type . : -LRB-
 This is a very good wiring harness for your radio , this is the best option to you , buy it now !
 This worked out great for me and fit just right . The place I had to install my radio was trying to charge me big bucks but I bought it from the great Amazon so HE HE ! I win !
 This adapter worked as advertised and allowed me to install a radio with out butchering the truck 's wiring harness . It was an exact fit
 This adapter is a must when installing an aftermarket radio in a GMC trauck . It works as advertised . Simply wire the color coded wires together and your done . The wires also matched the gm wiring color code so no need to guess which wire went where . Perfect !
 Great price for this name brand part . This connector is a must for properly replacing a factory stereo with an aftermarket head unit .
 it came fast and was in perfect shape , works great and i have had no problems.Thanks for such an easy purchase
 Love it , no problems at all , product is exactly as explained by the sellers with the exact final result mentioned .
 Came fast and it does the job I need it to . And its very cheap to buy and ship too
 At first I was disappointed with this product . I have a 1994 Chevy Silverado K1500 , which comes stock with an AM/FM stereo and cassette player . After removing the cassette player , the plug from the dash did not fit this adapter , nor did it even closely resemble it . After some research I found that you have to remove the CDM box from under the dash -LRB- near the steering column -RRB- . Once this was done the new set of wires sticking out of the dash fit directly into this harness without a problem . Another perk was that the wire colors matched the factory ones for my Sony Xplod CD player.A little splicing and it powered right up . I have no complaints about this harness or its effectiveness.Some of the other reviews marked this harness down because it did not fit the dash wires . This is more than likely because they were trying to install the wrong set of wires from the factory stereo , instead of disconnecting the CDM box from under the dash board , then plugging into the harness.For more information on this issue visit -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The harness works as described . I have pulled the following Cars that it is compatible with from the Metra website : BUICK Century 1990 1996BUICK Century 1988 1989BUICK Electra 1990 1990BUICK Electra 1988 1989BUICK Le Sabre 1991 1994BUICK Le Sabre 1990 1990BUICK Le Sabre 1988 1989BUICK Park Avenue 1991 1994BUICK Park Avenue 1988 1990BUICK Riviera 1990 1995BUICK Riviera 1986 1989BUICK Roadmaster 1991 1994BUICK Skylark 1987 1995BUICK Skyhawk 1988 1989CADILLAC Coupe DeVille 1990 1993CADILLAC Coupe DeVille 1988 1989CADILLAC DeVille 1994 1995CADILLAC DeVille 1990 1993CADILLAC DeVille 1988 1989CADILLAC Eldorado 1988 1991CADILLAC Escalade -LRB- ESV and EXT included -RRB- 1999 2002CADILLAC Seville 1988 1991CHEVROLET Astro Van 1996 2005CHEVROLET Astro Van 1991 1995CHEVROLET Avalanche 2002 2002CHEVROLET Beretta 1991 1996CHEVROLET Beretta -LRB- AC -RRB- 1988 1990CHEVROLET Beretta -LRB- NON-AC -RRB- 1988 1990CHEVROLET Blazer -LRB- Full Size -RRB- 1992 1994CHEVROLET Blazer With DIN & 1/2 Radio 2002 2002CHEVROLET Blazer 1998 2001CHEVROLET Camaro 1997 2002CHEVROLET Camaro 1993 1996CHEVROLET Camaro 1990 1992CHEVROLET Caprice 1994 1996CHEVROLET Caprice 1991 1993CHEVROLET Cavalier 1995 1999CHEVROLET Cavalier 1991 1994CHEVROLET Celebrity 1990 1990CHEVROLET Corsica 1991 1996CHEVROLET Corsica -LRB- AC -RRB- 1988 1990CHEVROLET Corsica -LRB- NON-AC -RRB- 1988 1990CHEVROLET Express van -LRB- full size -RRB- 1996 2000CHEVROLET Impala SS 1994 1996CHEVROLET Lumina 1995 2001CHEVROLET Lumina 1990 1994CHEVROLET Lumina APV 1993 1996CHEVROLET Lumina APV 1990 1992CHEVROLET Malibu 1997 2000CHEVROLET Monte Carlo 1995 1999CHEVROLET CK Pickup -LRB- 01-up see Silverado -RRB- 1995 2000CHEVROLET CK Pickup -LRB- Full Size -RRB- 1988 1994CHEVROLET S-10 Blazer -LRB- 98-up see Blazer -RRB- 1995 1997CHEVROLET S-10 Blazer 1990 1994CHEVROLET S-10 Pickup With DIN & 1/2 Radio 2002 2002CHEVROLET S-10 Pickup 1998 2001CHEVROLET S-10 Pickup 1994 1997CHEVROLET S-10 Pickup 1989 1993CHEVROLET Silverado Pickup 1999 2002CHEVROLET Suburban 2000 2002CHEVROLET Suburban 1995 1999CHEVROLET Suburban 1992 1994CHEVROLET Tahoe 1995 2002CHEVROLET Van -LRB- Full Size -RRB- Express 1996 2000CHEVROLET Van -LRB- Full Size -RRB- 1988 1995CHEVROLET Venture Van 1997 1999GMC Envoy 1998 2001GMC Jimmy / Envoy 1998 2001GMC Jimmy 1995 1997GMC Jimmy 1994 1994GMC Jimmy -LRB- Full Size -RRB- 1988 1991GMC Sierra 1999 2002GMC Sierra 1995 1998GMC Sierra 1988 1994GMC Savana Full Size Van 1996 2000GMC Sonoma With DIN & 1/2 Radio 2002 2002GMC Sonoma 1998 2001GMC S-15 / Sonoma 1994 1997GMC S-15 / Sonoma 1993 1993GMC Safari Mini Van 1996 2005GMC Safari Mini Van 1991 1995GMC Suburban 1995 1999GMC Suburban 1992 1994GMC Van -LRB- Full Size -RRB- 1988 1995GMC Yukon / Denali 2001 2002GMC Yukon / Denali 1995 2000GMC Yukon XL 2001 2002GMC Yukon 1992 1994ISUZU Hombre 1998 2001ISUZU Hombre 1996 1997OLDSMOBILE Achieva 1993 1995OLDSMOBILE Achieva 1992 1992OLDSMOBILE Bravada 1995 1997OLDSMOBILE Bravada 1991 1994OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Calais 1990 1991OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Ciera 1995 1996OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Ciera 1990 1994OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Ciera 1988 1989OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Supreme 1992 1994OLDSMOBILE Cutlass Supreme 1990 1991OLDSMOBILE Eighty-Eight 1992 1993OLDSMOBILE Eighty-Eight 1989 1991OLDSMOBILE Ninety-Eight 1989 1993OLDSMOBILE Silhouette 1997 1999OLDSMOBILE Silhouette APV 1993 1996OLDSMOBILE Silhouette APV 1990 1992OLDSMOBILE Toronado 1988 1993PONTIAC 600019901991 PONTIAC Bonneville 1994 1999PONTIAC Bonneville 1992 1993PONTIAC Firebird/Trans AM 1993 2002PONTIAC Firebird/Trans AM 1990 1992PONTIAC Grand AM 1996 2000PONTIAC Grand AM 1992 1995PONTIAC Grand AM 1990 1991PONTIAC Grand Prix 1994 2003PONTIAC Grand Prix 1992 1993PONTIAC Grand Prix 1990 1991PONTIAC Grand Prix 1988 1989PONTIAC Montana Mini Van 1999 1999PONTIAC Sunbird 1989 1994PONTIAC Sunfire 1995 1999PONTIAC TransSport 1997 1999PONTIAC TransSport APV 1993 1996PONTIAC TransSport APV 1990 1992SATURN Saturn
 I bought this to install a new head unit in my 1998 Saturn SC2 . It arrived on time and all the wires came pre-stripped at the end which made it easy to connect to the adapter for the radio . My only issue with this was that the wires did not match up with the harness in my car when I went to plug it in , so I had to take a bunch out of the plug and put them in the right order . It was not a difficult process , and it could be achieved with a little help from a paper clip and an extra set of hands -LRB- my dad helped me out -RRB- , but for some reason I was expecting them to already all be in the right order . However , this was my first time working with car electronics of any kind , so I really did n't know what to expect going in . Having said that , even with that setback it still was not difficult to use and now that everything is straightened out it works great . No major complaints . Just be prepared to adjust some wires . A quick search on youtube for removing wires from a wiring harness was all I needed to correct the problem I faced .
 Each cable is labeled for ease of installation , and it fit my 2000 Silverado 1500 short wide perfectly . No complaints here , solid and quality unit and I would definitely buy again from Metra . Great product .
 Made the wiring of my new aftermarket head unit in my 1997 Camaro a snap . Clear diagrams and perfect fitment .
 Worked perfect . Solid build quality . Wires are ~ 18ga ; not overly heavy , basically matches the stock wires . Matched it up to the harness from the new radio , both of which used EIA standard color codes -LRB- different than the Chevy ones -RRB- , twisted , soldered and shrink wrapped . Easy-peezy . Ordered on Amazon from Googol Shop .
 This is the same kind of harness you would purchase in many retail stores for atleast twice as much . Simple color coded and marked wires are prestripped make attaching this to you headunit as painfree as possible.Remember , many GM cars and trucks require an antenna adapter which amazon also has for a great price .
 Before , I made this purchase on Amazon I went to Best Buy and purchased the same product for over $ 20 . A friend told me about the same item being sold on Amazon and when it arrived I was really pleased . Everything worked wonderful and the installation was easily completed . I have a 2001 Chevrolet Suburban and I installed the Pioneer 1400DVD ...
 Got ta love the internet , I never purchased this item but love to review things . How is that any different than professional sports I will never know . Semper fi , never been in the military either ...
 It was great for my radio . Anyone buying from these guys , are getting exactly what you see . It was also on time with order .
 This wiring harness worked perfectly ! It made installation of the new stereo very easy and quick . I highly recommend this product .
 This was perfect , and was exactly what I needed . A similar item at Best Buy cost $ 20.00 . I soldered all of my connections which took a few minutes , but other than that , this made stereo installation `` a snap '' . Good product!THE GOOD
 This fit the plug and matched the colors perfectly on my new deck to the truck . The only difference was one extra set of wires that I did n't need . Enexpensive and hassle free .
 I have a 1997 Chevy Blazer , which came stock with an AM/FM CD player . The plug from the dash fit directly into this harness without a problem . Also the wire colors matched the factory ones for a Sony Xplod CD player . A little splicing and it powered right up . I have no complaints about this harness .
 This wire fit on 2001 Chevy suburban and you have to connect this metra to after market stereo 's wires it takes some time and effort if you do n't have the correct equipments i have done mine with electric tape.Works really good all the wires are named and it has enough information . I rated 4 star because they would do this wires other end to fit after market stereos , lots of the after market stereos have the similar or same wiring .
 Good build quality . The pins do n't move like some other aftermarket by pass adapters . The wire gauge is also correct and so is the insulation on the conductors . Excellent product.Shipping was only 2 days .
 its a wiring harness not sure what to say it fit together well and the colors on the wires were pretty ? there it worked great on my 94 silverado .
 I bought this connector because it says it will work with any GM installation from 1988 to 2005 . What it does n't say is there are many pin configurations available in various GM audio systems . I needed a 33 pin connector , but I ordered a 25 pin . It pays to look behind your current deck or at the audio system specs if you have them . Not a bad product , I did buy the 33 pin and it worked perfectly , same brand !
 This radio harness fit my o2 sierra perfectly . No problems with wiring , works great and made install simple and easy .
 worked perfect . did not have to do any extra wiring . Son was able to hook up and plug right into radio
 This sped up installation greatly . I just soldered all the connections at my workbench , then plugged right into my trucks wiring harness . Perfect fit .
 I bought this product after watching an '' how to video '' on installing my stereo on YouTube . This product made the job easy and quick . All the wires are color coded the same as my pioneer stereo .
 Installed in a 95 suburban , had the wiring legend on the bag . It worked and I 'm happy now , you get the point .
 Having hooked up a radio without one of these handy little adapters in the past -LRB- back when I was a kid and it was n't worth $ 5 to me to save an hour cutting , splicing , and soldering -RRB- I can say that this adapter is worth every penny . The wires are labeled accurately and easy to match up with whatever new stereo you are installing .
 used to install a stereo in my 2002 Trans Am to a Pioneer DEH-P9400BH and a remote steering wheel adapter . fits just like it should .
 For the price does what its supposed to , works with 1996 Chevy Blazer with premium audio . Overall worth the money .
 muy buen producto aquiri gracias por el envio lo recomiendo ampliamente !!!!!!!!!!!!! llego todo el prducto tal cual y me a funcionado muy bien gracias una vez mas
 This GM 21 pin harness works great ! Fit the factory plug and all the wires matched up perfectly in my '98 Saturn SL2 . I did not have any of the problems reviewer WCase did . What I also liked about this product was that on the back of the package is a color code chart for the wires . Extremely helpful ! This is definitely the way to hook up an aftermarket stereo in your GM car !!
 I LOVE Metra products !!!!!!!!!!!! They make installing a stereo SUPER easy , allows you to solder all the connections easily in your workshop or kitchen or wherever your good lady permits you to work , then you can makesure you have a sturdy and safe set of connections , remember the vehicle is either the family transport , or the way you get to work , go out in with friends , so why risk a car fire and a pile of plastic crap on the floor where your carpet once was.Spend the extra $ $ $ $ its really worthwhile ... if you need to speak with Metra they are very helpful
 The kit was easy to install and worked perfectly in my 2000 silverado extended cab pickup . I would recommend this adapter and harness to others.Especially my friend Justin Nitti .
 My local retailer had this exact same thing for $ 25.00 . I paid $ 4.00 including s & h. Works extremely well too with my pioneer radio in my 99 grand prix .
 I needed help from the Metra company so I called them for assistance . The first time , the man was rude and assumed I new all the technical language . This was very frustrating and I almost returned the control . When I called the second time , I was connected to the same guy . I do not know who he is but he is just plain rude ! Anyway , he was no help and I solved the problem through other means.The Universal Steering Wheel Control works GREAT ! I have it connected to a Sony reciever.Here is what I needed to know : - the Axxess Metra Universal Steering Wheel Control wiring harness has a pink wire that needed to be directly spliced into the factory wiring harness . I spliced it into the purple with orange stripe factory wire -LRB- pin 14 , counting from the top row left to right 1-11 , the second row left to right 12-22 -RRB- . - I used the Metra wiring harness that is compatible with the Chrysler/Jeep factory harness for my 2004 Jeep Liberty . There is not any wire on that harness to splice the pink wire into.-the Sony installation instructions show a blue wire to be connected to the power antenna and/or the power amp . But , if you do not have either , then connect it to the red wire or your speakers will not work . The blue wire powers the internal amp in the reciever for the speakers .
 The old GM radio in my 1991 Firebird died years ago . So , I finally decided to replace it with an aftermarket single DIN head unit . This wiring harness worked perfectly . Plug and play ! The wires on the harness use standard wire color coding that should match the color coding of your head unit . Just get some solderless connectors of your choice and you will have tunes in no time . So , if you own a 3rd generation Firebird or Camaro , this should work for you .
 I bought this for a friend , works great for his GM . 04 . Simply spliced and crimped the wires connected it to the harness and head unit , works great .
 The product was great . Fit the OEM connector flawlessly . Wire color chart printed on the package , and happened to also match the colors on my aftermarket JVC . The 93 Suburban that I installed it on did require an additional adapter for the GM mini antenna to fit the standard aftermarket used on the JVC which I got at Best Buy .
 My friend and I set up the wireless connection between our 2 homes . He has the DI-624 and I have the DWL-G520 . At first it did n't work at all on my DELL running XP home . My other friend came over with his lap top using an other card , typed in the key and he was surfing at a fast speed . That let me know the DI-624 was working . So I did everything to get it to work , called D-Link support -LRB- and yes they suck -RRB- , down loaded patches , and even upgraded to XP Pro and nothing helped . SO then I desided to uninstal AOL , and then the magic happened . After it worked I 've been very happy with it . I 'm a good 30 yards from the router in a different house and I get 30 % to 40 % signal . Thus if yours is n't work check the other software running on your machine such as AOL or firewalls .
 I have this on the other side of the room as my D-Link DI-624 wireless 11g router and it is just like I am wired . My speeds are fast , my connection is constant , and I feel plenty secure.128-bit WEP encryption , MAC filtering , Locked in G speeds since I do n't have any 11b clients , plus this adapter comes with good software . The software that comes with it shows me what APs are around and which ones I can connnect to.This adapter even has a removable antenna so you can add a better antenna if you need to . I do n't need to since I am in the same house .
 Surprising it is when I receive a strong signal from my AP 3 rooms away . Connections are fine and the speeds are fast . I 've been hearing that D-Link will release a faster version of drivers so that you can transfer data faster . This is an easy to use PCI adapter with good software that gives you some good info for local APs trasmitting signal . I can even see my next door neighbor 's wireless network . It is encrypted .
 I was a little complexed to find that the antenna only sticks out so far . I thought this would n't be the greatest way for best reception , but I figured they would n't make it that way if it did n't work , so I went for it . It turns out this gets a Good Signal Quality from down I my basement with my AP being one floor above and about 15 feet to the right . I was amazed at the quality of the signal to say the least.The install was normal and quick . The configuration is very stright forward and I do n't see people having problems setting this up.Recommended
 All I had to do was follow the instructions that came with this thing and I was up and running wirelessly in no time . I have this card in my PC and it connects to a DI-624 -LRB- router/AP -RRB- with a strong signal strength , about 80 % , at 2 rooms down the hall from the living room which has the main PC and the DI-624 . The utility that came with this card is a very nice piece of software . It is intuative , good looking , and not too obtrusive.I 'd recommend this card to others since it works great for me .
 Its an excellent card and working fine if you know how to configure the it . And as always Dlink is an excellent producer of network hardware did not disapoint me this time as well.Card works great on the Linux 2.6.8 kernel with the MadWifi driver.Works good with FreeBSD - current as well . -LRB- thats for the Bozos in the review section who are on Windows XP ; blame the windows XP for the problem NOT the card , and look at those who have written the driver not at the card manufacturers . . -RRB- easy control with wicontrol and configuration.Excellent card .
 It came to me very quickly . The adaptor is also working fine . Thank you .
 Install the drivers , shut down , plug it in , boot back up and Windows knows right where the drivers are . Then suddenly it 's installed and I am connected to my router . After being connected I went in and configures WEP to work and all those fancy things.I like this card and was surprised at how easily and quickly I was connected with a nice strong signal . My desktop is upstairs , but the wireless access point is downstairs . This card still gets a good signal .
 The guy who wrote the bad review below must work for Microsoft , because as everyone else has said , this card is great . I had TONS of issues with my first card -LRB- Linksys WMP54g , see my review for details -RRB- and when I popped in the DLink all of my headaches went away . Works great and with the firmware is lightning fast . Dont waste your money on any other product .
 This is a good card . Good range and I have never lost my signal .
 Works great , connection is good through a wall . One thing is I am not sure why i need to repair my conncetion sometimes but once it 's repaired it works great .
 Dispite what some people have said this works fine with Windows 2000 , xp and even 98 ... . You just need the correct Driver ... I 'm running mine on a Windows XP Pro system with an AMD XP 1800 + ... I will find out soon if it works with Windows XP Pro 64-Bit as I 'm building a new system ... As with all hardware you need to make sure you have the correct driver installed and sometimes the updated correct driver !
 i have a dlink airplus 614 + 22 mps router . should i get the dlink g520 with the 54 mbps or get the 22mbps from dlink or it doesnt really matter much ? any thoughts thanks . not a really comp expert myself .
 This card is just super!I spent some frustrating hours with two -- count 'em , TWO -- Linksys Wireless-G PCI cards , trying to get them to talk to another Linksys product , a Linksys Wireless-G Router . No luck . The second one was a replacement for the first , and the insert that came with it said it had passed Linksys quality control . Maybe , but neither one played nice with my Win2000 machine.Finally , I gave up on the Linksys PCI card , and probably should n't have tried it at all , given the mediocre reviews it received here on Amazon . That 's when I sat down and diligently read the reviews for D-Link and figured I had nothing to lose by trying one more PCI card -LRB- one that 's received rave reviews , BTW -RRB- . The D-Link card and driver installed without fuss in the Win2000 machine . It 's two rooms away from the router and the wireless signal passes through a bathroom , with the attendant metal pipes and wires , etc. , and still gets a 86-90 % signal . It 's set up to communicate with the router using a WPA-Pre-Shared-Key -LRB- WPA-PSK -RRB- , the router does not broadcast an SSID , and the router only accepts wireless communications from this single wireless client . Browsing the Internet is as fast as , if not faster than , the original wired connection . Now I can get that ugly cat-5 cable off the door-jambs and baseboards.I 'm sold . Do n't fool around with the Linksys PCI card . If it works , count yourself lucky , but D-Link seems to have the wireless communication network stuff figured out . Strange , my Linksys Wireless-G Router -LRB- WRT54G -RRB- is running flawlessly , handling the traffic for both a wired and a wireless connection . But do n't waste time on a Linksys PCI card . Get a D-Link card .
 OK . This card would get a 5 star rating , but for the fact that no card/wireless system deserves it . First , every company designs their own products only to work with their own company 's proprietary devices -- This , in spite of their all using the same IEEE 802.11 configuration standards . VERY annoying . But , OK , every company wants you to buy EVERYTHING just in their brand . Secondly , to set up a wireless network takes more than just plug and play skill -- There are basics that the consumer just has to know when setting up , and then INEVITABLY troubleshooting when the network goes down . -LRB- All networks go down from time to time , no matter who supplies the hardware -RRB- . So , then , what about D-Link ? The signal is strong , travels well through insulated , and sound-proofed walls , communicates very well with the 624 router and affords extremely fast data transfer rates . I am VERY happy with D-Link ; it has lived up to its other consumer reviews , as found in PC Magazine , and other sources . Just read carefully BEFORE installing , just as you will have to do before installing ANY wireless network system .
 I am using this card on a home network with a Netgear Wireless-G access point . On the same wireless network , I have a Linksys Wireless USB Adapter -LRB- WUSB54G -RRB- and a Netgear PC card -LRB- WG511 -RRB- . Installation and set up of this card was easy . I installed it on a Windows 2000 desktop and the instructions were not very clear for Win2K , but I was able to figure it out without much sweat . Considering that almost everyone has Windows XP these days , this may not be a problem.The speed and performance is good - as good as it can get . On my network -LRB- at the same distance from the access point -RRB- , this card and the WG511 are equally fast . With my ISP , my download speed is about 1.2 mbps and upstream speed is 200kbps . The WUSB54G is pretty slow -LRB- must be because it is USB -RRB- - I get only < 300 mbps downstream .
 First , you must know that D-Link has the annoying and unprofessional habit of releasing unfinished , not so ready hardware to market . It seems that their engineering team is under pressure from marketing -LRB- typical -RRB- to deliver products before they are completely tested and ready . There are several revisions -LRB- internal designs -RRB- of this and other D-Link products . As of this writing -LRB- April 2004 -RRB- , the DWL-G650 has 7 of them , A1 , B1 , B2 , B3 , B4 , C1 , and C2 each representing a correction to a `` Oops '' of some sort ! The DWL-G520 has 2 , A and B , while the DI-624 router has 3 , A , B , and C . The latest revision is what you should look for , it is usually on the sticker on the back of the box - just below the serial number.OK , so I had the DI-614 + router , DWL-650 + PC Card , and DWL-520 + PCI card , and they worked great . I just needed the higher speed to stream music and video from my server upstairs , and wanted to use the more secure WPA protocol -LRB- not yet supported on the DWL-520 + * stupid D-Link * -RRB- , so I upgraded to the DI-624 router -LRB- rev. C -RRB- , DWL-G650 PC Card -LRB- rev. B4 -RRB- , and DWL-G520 PCI Card -LRB- rev. B -RRB- . I upgraded the firmware on the router right away to 2.42 and the driver for the G650 to 2.48 . The router seemed to work fine , but the card was not seeing it . My older 802.11 B card -LRB- DWL-650 + -RRB- was able to see and connect to the new router , but not the new card . I tried many things to no avail . I then installed the older driver 2.42 and the card started seeing the router but had trouble keeping the connection . . I played with many settings and nothing helped . I tried two other laptops -LRB- different brands -RRB- and experienced the same symptoms.Finally , I went to the a store and purchased another DWL-G650 and made sure it was the newer rev. C2 -LRB- the latest -RRB- . Guess what , it worked right away and kept the connection solid . I tried FTP between the server -LRB- wired to the router -RRB- and the wireless laptop and got a transfer throughput of about 2400KBytes/sec ... This is while using WPA-PSK with Super G enabled and using a short preamble . The same results were obtained with the PCI version of the card -LRB- DWL-G520 -RRB- . I returned the bad PC Card -LRB- rev. B4 -RRB- back to the store and kept the new one ! So , just make sure that you have the latest version of the hardware.One more thing , if you compare the signal quality/strength between DWL-650 + and DWL-G650 or between DWL-520 + and DWL-G520 you 'll find that the new cards have a much lower number -LRB- worst -RRB- . For example , my old 650 + used to get around 70 % quality compared to 36 % for the G650 at the same exact spot/direction . The difference is identical when comparing the 520 + to the G520 . I have not experienced any performance issues though , the TxRate is typically at 72Mbps -LRB- not 108Mbps -RRB- ! I think the new AirPlus XtremeG utility calculates the quality number differently and hence the difference , and future driver updates may further enhance the signal measurement.D-Link 's release of faulty hardware is wrong and must be stopped . The problem is that their competition are not much better . So go for what works , and buy from a place that has a good return policy . Someday another vendor will make better products and offer better support , and I will abandon D-Link : -RRB-
 I have installed PCI cards before so this was n't that hard to do , and everything went as planned thanks to the quick install guide included with the PCI card . All I had to do was follow instructions and it actually worked the way it is supposed to . Install probably took about 10 minutes total because of unplugging yout PC and opening it up.The signal strength is also quite good considering the antenna is behind a computer and stuffed under a desk . I get about 60-75 % signal strength on average . sometimes if people are standing in the way I get a little downgrade in strength , but nothing that effects the speeds.I really like the software utility that comes with this card -LRB- and the laptop card -RRB- because they are very informative . The more info I know the better , just as long as it is n't thrown at me all at once . Luckily that is exactly what this software does . It is n't too complicated or too watered down.I 'd recommend this card to anyone who does n't want to put holes in their rental place to run Ethernet cables to the next room . Wireless is much easier and the speeds are the same , as far as internet browsing and gaming goes .
 I just downloaded and installed the new firmware released by D-Link @ support.dlink.com for my G520 , G650 and DI-624 . This new firmware and drivers upgrades my speeds to more than double . I can now transfer MP3s or ZIP files across my network wirelessly in less than half the time as I did 2 days ago . All for FREE as well.The signal strength and quality is just the same as before , but now when I lock it down in Turbo mode I get way fast speeds . I am simply amazed that this is all free and does n't take any new hardware to do.The adapter itself has been running flawlessly for a month now and I sometimes forget my PC is wireless . In fact if there was n't a small icon in my system tray I do n't think I could tell the difference .
 I 'm not sure about what people are saying about this card and Windows but on Linux this card is perfect . Running Ubuntu 6.06 and the card works with no extra leg work . Only thing is that you do have to bring the network card ` up ' before you can scan for a network and to do that all you must do is `` sudo ifconfig ath0 up '' . This card in Linux supports Master mode operation , so it 's perfect for those wanting to build your own access point.However , do be careful ! There are a lot of versions of the hardware and one version will not work period , end of story , do n't even try it . However , the odds are on your side as it was only one version out of many . However , do n't be disappointed if you end up getting one of the off versions that use the T.I. chip .
 Using a D-Link DI-624 as the wireless router/access point for my home network , I got my laptop linked up fairly easily but connecting to the net with a second desktop using this wireless adapter took some trial and error . I followed the manual 's instructions -LRB- with latest drivers/firmwares -RRB- and got WIRELESS CONNECTION on the PC BUT CA N'T ACCESS the INTERNET!Here 's what I finally did to make it work -LRB- the wireless linked PC is a Dell 8200 running WinXP -RRB- : Removed the wireless adapter from a PCI slot close to the fax/modem . Uninstalled first software install . Rebooted . Reinstalled DWL-G520 software . Shut off PC.Reinstalled wireless adapter in an empty PCI slot farther away from the fax/modem . Turn on PC , hardware detected . Install the NEWEST driver that was downloaded previously via ethernet on my new Dell 8300 . MAKE SURE the ROUTER DI-624 is properly configured !!! I had enabled WEP -LRB- write down the KEY ! -RRB- and used the MAC filter -LRB- only the MACs of my router and ethernet/wireless adapters CAN access my network -RRB- . I also disabled SSID broadcast -LRB- I can detect several of my neighbors ' SSIDs with WEP disabled -RRB- . MOST Importantly the DHCP server was enabled with just enough starting to ending IP addresses for the number of computers in my network.NOW enter ALL necessary info of the network using the DWL-G520 config . utility . Click the WinXP network icon for wireless networks avail . Check your network , enter the WEP key and ... FINALLY , access to the internet !!! It took some time to dial in my preferences but now my downstairs wireless PC is 3712/407 kbps down/up with a LOW -LRB- 38 % -RRB- signal.Good Luck !
 Hey guy-Depending on how Computer-y you are , Ill throw out that this uses a chipset 100 % able to work with Linux out of the box ! Works flawlessly after being auto-detected on a Ubuntu 7.1 machine!And I was ready for a fight ...
 I bought this card along with a D-Link DI-624 Wireless Cable/DSL Router , 4-Port Switch , 802.11 g , 108Mbps , both for less that $ 50 . The router was refurbished and I was a little worried but so far it 's worked pretty well .
 I needed to work on computers in my basement . This card allows me to plug it into the computer I 'm working on and access the internet through my wireless router . It works great and solves my problem . My router is about 60 feet from my work bench in the basement and I get good transfers .
 Okay , so everyone has their own experience with this stuff . Maybe it 's because we have the D-link wireless router that the Netgear card was a horror
 After quickly scanning the directions , this wireless card was so easy to use !! Just follow the instructions -- install the software first , then install the card , start up your computer and you are ready to go !! I was very impressed with the ease at which this product was to install and use .
 Good product for the price . Setup was simple and works just great . TigerDirect had a rebate as well so it was perfect for a second computer for the kids .
 Works fine in my winxp application . Inexpensive , simple to install and use ...
 The nice things about wireless is that with it you have a very neat instalation and does n't have the wire mess . And with it you can have transfer transmission rate up tp 108Mbps , which is more faster them the most wired networks . I recommend .
 The part arrived on time , in great condition and installed properly . It worked in a Windows 98 machine , which was what I was counting on .
 Installed the software . Installed the card . Works great . I ca n't believe that my desktop is not directly connected to my broadband cable .
 The reviews were pretty mixed on this item , but that seems the case for all these PCI wieless adaptors . I Tried the Linksys WMP54G and I now hate Linksys . It would not do a Mixed B G network very easily though it saysit does . I returned it and bought this item . It installed in minutes and it works great . I had absolutly no problems on the install and it works fine . A sigh of releif for me . I followed the directions step by step .
 This ethernet wireless adapter runs very well under Windows XP and Linux -LRB- tried SUSE 10 -RRB- too . Under Windows you need to use the Win XP wireless standard configuration . Under Linux you can set it up using YaST.You need to know some wireless concepts to set it up ; otherwise the encription features can cause you some headhache .
 I have it on a network with a DI-624 router . Tried it on Comcast high speed cable and it had a tendency to freeze up the system . We moved and I went with DSL -LRB- not lite -RRB- and it works well . Something about my cable internet seemed to overload the system with this card . I miss the higher speed of the cable , but this card works much better with DSL . Hope this helps .
 This card was a quick and painless install into my desktop PC . Very nice expereince . I was a little worried that the signal would n't be strong enough with the antenna being all small and located in the back of the PC , but I guess it does n't matter , or there is a strong signal with this card because I get good reception . My PC is down the hall and behind about two walls from the wireless router , but this still gets a good signal for the Internet to not be slow.Overall I am happy with this purchase and would recommend this wireless PCI card in conjunction with the DI-524 as it works great for me .
 I bought DI-624 router and G-520 PCI last week to replace my existing wired router . The install/configuration is a no-brainer . Last evening , it took me 5 minutes to hook/unhook the routers , maybe 20 minutes to physically install the PCI , and 5 minutes to setup.Now I have two PCs wired to DI-624 in the first floor , and one wirelessly connected to the DI-624 in the second floor.The performance is awesome . I tested the Internet speed from all of my PCs , they were all 3.3 mps . File transfers from on PC to another is fast , as a matter of fact , you can not tell that you have a wireless connection.I like these products .
 Easy to install and Fast transfer speeds . I installed this on WinXP and it worked out of the box . I get a pretty good signal strength from about 2 rooms away and I like the D-Link software that comes with it.I am also glad I did n't have to mess with running cable across 2 rooms of my home just to be on the internet .
 All I had to do was plug it in -LRB- 5 mins -RRB- , install the drivers -LRB- 2 mins -RRB- , then configure to work with my network -LRB- 1 min -RRB- and I am up and connected to my network.It is all easy to do , due to the good documentation , and it works great with the DI-624 . Speeds are fast , it 's secure , and I do n't know what else I can say about it besides it is running with no problems .
 i installed this card within about 5 minutes and had it working in about 10 because i forgot my WEP key . oops.the utility that comes with this card works great , it has lots of info , is n't big a bulky , but is n't too small to be hard to use either . the utility can show you some good detailed info about networks around you , and specifically yours . after i got my WEP key right i was up and running and have only been disconnected about once or twice for some unknown reason . i think it was some software my kid was playing with because a reboot worked just fine to restore the connection . other than that everything has worked out great for this card and the dwl-2000ap it connects to .
 Once I got wireless adapters for my family 's laptops I had to get one for he desktop as well . Now we all have wireless and no Ethernet cables in the house . There is a 4-port wired switch on the back of our router , but we do n't even use it . Why should we ? wireless works and it works great . I stuck with all D-Link as not to get the adapters and AP confused and it has seemed to work out great . Now we are n't constricted by our location.This PCI card was pretty simple to install and worked as soon as it was done installing . The configuration was simple and the icon in the taskbar gives a good indication of your connection.I always have full bars since our desktop PC is only one room away from the router/AP . Overall my decision to go all wireless has been fun and overall fairly simple to do . Thanks D-Link .
 The card installed within minutes and was not a hassle at all to get working . And since my DI-624 sends a strong signal through out my entire apartment I can have my PCs anywhere and they are still connected at a high speed . The card has been running great on my Windows 2000 Pro machine with no problems . The software is a nice addition and I can even see me neighbors access point . The antenna is removable so that if I do need a better signal I can attach a better antenna on the back.Answer
 I 'm using Windows XP Home Edition . I already had the D-Link Extreme G wireless router . Installation was very easy -LRB- my experience with this sort of thing is limited to installing a couple of modems and memory modules -RRB- and XP recognized and started up the wireless card with no additional effort on my part .
 I had this up and running in 5-10 minutes ! No issues at all ! Just make sure to have the most recent drivers , which are downloadable from the D-Link website , on your computer , cd , or floppy disk before installing , as the CD that comes with the product -LRB- though I did not buy it at Amazon -RRB- is a bit out of date , and may cause issues.Wonderful card ! Very strong signal from far distances .
 The new 108Mbps firmware helps with everything . I get better speeds obviously . In fact file transferring is twice as fast now . Security is still good , connection stability is still great , and signal strength is a little higher now.Overall the new firmware only improved what was already a good product . This adapter just sits in the back of my PC and I have zero problems with it or my wireless connection.Installation was quick and easy . The software that comes with it is pretty much invisible and takes little know-how to actually make work . In fact if you plug in your new access point and this card in your PC they practically connect to each other automatically . Very nice feature for newbies .
 I was surprised to get a good strong signal from my DI-624 2 rooms down the hall on my desktop in the office room because the antenna just sits behind the PC . But I was wrong . I was hoping I would be wrong , but made sure I could return the card if it did n't work out for me.I am mainly glad I do n't have to drill holes in my walls to run cable from one room to the other . Now I am all networked up for a fairly low price . The best part about a wireless network is that when you move you do n't have to wrap up cable , or worry about where is the best place to drill new holes , or drop a line from the attic , etc. . I am very pleased and hope this lasts for a good long time.Oh and do n't foget to get the newest firmware . It helps . In fact for all networking products , check the website for a new firmware or driver before you install what in on the disk in the box . It is n't mandatory , but it will just eliminate some time .
 DWL G520 PCI CARDI must say that D-LINK really caused to rethink my approach for standards of products . Name brand product versus generic so called brand names . Let me show you the path I went through for setting up a cross platform wireless network1 . My setup
 This is my first wireless network card . It works without problems and was easy to set up . It also is compatible with the Netgear router in our home . However , the $ 10 rebate offer was not honored by the company that processes the rebates . Their excuse was that I purchased the product from an invalid retailer . This is very funny , since I downloaded the rebate from Amazon itself and Amazon was advertising the rebate offer also .
 For a Wireless adapter that runs 802.11 g this card has a easy setup and a detailed GUI for configuring it for use . Right now the drivers work for most operating systems except x64 , this may be the only problem as more and more systems are coming with CPU 's able to run x64 operating systems .
 Works ok , but for some reason has weaker signal pickup than the 50.1 Mbps adapter .
 This AP has some good quality features . Filtering , WEP , soon WPA , and more . I have this plugged into my 4 port router and now I can access the Internet with my laptop and DWL-G650 -LRB- wireless adapter for laptop -RRB- . These two products give me great range -LRB- throughout the house , and even outside -RRB- , good security , and a reliable wireless connection . This is all I need for a small price .
 I had two of these to extend my network across the house without running wires . They are set in bridge mode , and connect and work perfectly with each other . Everything about these were simple and worked when I first tried it.I recently bought a DI-624 Wireless Router and ended up selling my DWL-2000APs and buying a DWL-G810 to connect to my switch in the back room . The G810 was made for that reason , to bridge a wireless network to a wired one . The DWL-2000AP was made for bridging , or as a stand alone AP . it also has the functionality to be a client , but only with other 2000APs . Makes sense.If you want to connect a switch with multiple wired devices on it , to a wireless network get a DWL-G810 from D-Link .
 I purchased a d-link DWL2000AP right after christmas . I had problems connecting to Comcast but was able to resolve them.I ended up being impressed with the customer support , it required patience -LRB- and a phone with a fully charged battery -RRB- but I gota solution in the end and D-link really seems to care that your problem gets fixed.I would suggest that most users should purchase a router insteadof an access point like the 2000 - it allows you to run a mixed cable/wireless system without worrying about compatibility between an existing router or hub and the dlink.Here 's my experienceI run a cable modem - > primitive hub - > dlink . I was able to connect and set up the dlink and see a strong wireless signal but was unable to get a dhcp address from my ISP -LRB- Comcast -RRB- . My wired computers had no problems doing this negotiation and my old linksys access point did n't either.I called tech support - it takes > 20 minutes to reach someone . The first rank tech support people were pretty stumped.The second rank people take another 20 minutes to reach but were quite helpful . They suggested taking the hub out of the system , this worked and I was able to connect and get a dhcp address . However my wired computers were then cut off as I had removed the hub and had bought the DWL-2000 access point - which only has one output port - rather than the router . I do not believe that this is a failure in the d-link , just a consequence of it having a fixed IP address which Comcast does n't like.Interestingly - once I had gotten a dhcp address from my ISP , I was able to reconnect the hub and still use the wireless . My bet is that the hub only interferes with the initial assignment of the dhcp address . So after about 2 hours with tech support , I have a system that works just fine.Overall , except for this incompatibility between the dlink/hub and comcast for my somewhat unusual situation , I like the dlink a lot . It was easy to configure and had very powerful diagnostics.I ended up being very impressed with the support . The phone waits were pretty long -LRB- it was right after the holidays -RRB- and the level 1 technicians knew less about the product than I did by the end of the transaction but the level2 technicians were very good.I received followup emails - they were not going to close out the service request until I was satisfied . That really impressed me . It 's what I 've come to expect from my company 's excellent internal help desk but I 've never seen it from a computer vendor let alone one that sold me something for less than $ 100 bucks .
 I plugged this into my router and installed the D-Link DWL-G650 and I was connected to the AP upon start up . Very easy . Then from there I configured the AP to my specifications -LRB- 128-bit WEP encryption , non-default SSID , and a new admin login -RRB- then I was set and secure . I get good speeds , no lag for gaming , and good range . let 's just say I can be in the bathroom and online now . : -RRB-
 just a quick note to agree with others here that this AP is a very nice , small , and easy to use AP . i got this earlier today because my linksys WAP11 was damaged in a move -LRB- the ethernet link is flakey , now -RRB- and decided to go G. glad i did.i -LRB- still -RRB- use am 802.11 b NIC -LRB- lucent orinoco gold -RRB- and my girlfriend uses the airport extreme . both work flawlessly with this device.highly reccomended for a simple AP -LRB- no integrated router , switch -RRB- .
 802.11 g speeds . well at least faster than my friends 802.11 b network . i do n't really know how to `` test '' the speed , but i know it works and transfers files faster than my friends 802.11 b network . this access point offers some good features , but nothing too spectacular . If you find ti for a good price or you all ready have D-Link products i 'd go with this access point . heck even if you do n't have d-link products get this . it works with Macs since it does n't need drivers and it all web based .
 If you want easy , fast , and freedom with your wireless network then I suggest you at least check this access point out . D-Link has got a pretty solid reputation with wireless as far as I can see and this AP helps prove that.I can wander all over the place with this AP in my home.I like the speedy fast 11g speeds when transfing files , or backing up , or streaming media .
 Fast delivery . Product was perfect . Nice way to do business .
 It 's definitely an excellent camera for non-professionals . Great image and diverse facilities . I recommend it .
 this is the best camera ever ... good resolution very high quality pictures ... great price ...
 I found this case to be just what I was looking for . It is small enough to fit in my purse , but large enough to hold camera , an extra xcard , and spare batteries . My camera was protected as we traveled overseas , but it was easy to pull it out for any picture moments we encountered .
 now , if I drop this camera , and I have , it keeps working . case is safe and keeps my camera safe and is small and easy to throw into my purse or pocket or has a strap to throw over my shoulder .
 This FUGIFILM PADDED SOFT CASE is strong , durable and very attractive . It was more than I expected . It is very professional looking .
 The camera case was delivered on schedule . I examined it closely and found ot to be without any flaws or irreularities . The case was ruggedly constructed and had a pleasing appearance . My camera fit pefectly and the front pocket held a spare set of batteries and a spare memory card . I 've used it for 1 month now and have not had any operating problems . Anyone with a small camera that was supplied with a lite duty case should buy tis camera case as a replacement .
 Thanks a lot for the camera case - fits my camera perfect and arrived in no time !
 This hard drive can move data , and fast at that ! Loads applications incredibly quick , makes load times in certain games much quicker as compared to your plain old hard drive . It is a noisy though , as another reviewer said , it grinds . Other than the noise , it works flawlessly . This hard drive has provided 4 years of reliable service and still counting .
 The Raptor drives are simply awesome . Great speed . Great Reliability . I have mine in a RAID 0 configuration , and the speed is just screaming . With the arrival of the newer VelociRaptor drives , these older generation drives have become very affordable , and they still beat 80 % of the drives out there right now ! Their only down side is that they are noisy - they grind and grind . Still I would n't trade em ... well , maybe for the VelociRaptor ...
 Well made and easy to use . The shutter speed and aperture ranges allow total flexability in exposure settings . The film image size fits in a 21/4 enlarger film holder . The included camera handle is unecessary if attention is payed to holding the fingers at the edge if the camera . A real bargain besides .
 I could n't afford to spend $ 1,500 for a used Widelux F7 or F8 in excellent condition , so I decided on a new Horizon Perfekt . I reached this decision after looking at a number of Horizon images on Flickr and elsewhere that really impressed me.I had originally hesitated in buying a Horizon because I 'd heard its body is made of plastic . The interior mechanism , however , appears to be largely metallic . In addition , the plastic body does n't feel all that bad ; its textured surface is easy to grasp . I 've had the camera for several days now and , based on the first few rolls of film I 've shot , I 'm extremely happy with this purchase . Once you get the hang of it , loading the camera is pretty easy -- and as long as you follow the instructions , the Horizon is straightforward and almost easy to use . I especially liked being able to see the spirit level in the viewfinder.I was slightly disappointed with the film chamber door , which feels even more plasticky to me than the rest of the camera body , but it 's really no worse than doors on many other film cameras , so I 'm not worrying about it.I 'm able to scan the Horizon Perfekt 's 24x58mm frames using a CanoScan 8800F . Included with the Horizon Perfekt is a set of filters that look incredibly twitchy to use , a detachable handle for the camera , a Lomography book featuring Horizon photos , and a camera case .
 I just got the camera today.The camera itself works well , I am shooting my first roll of film . I will add more to this review when I get the film developed.The leather case that comes with the camera was moldy . Quite moldy . This is pretty disappointing given that I paid almost $ 500 for this thing . I cleaned it with 70 % ethanol and hopefully the mold will not come back . I would have sent it back , but you ca n't send only the case back . And I do love this beast of a camera .
 Low tech as all get-out -LRB- no light meter , no focus , manual film advance . etc. -RRB- But this is really an extraordinary camera , especially for the price.You can get some really nice panoramic -LRB- wide screen -RRB- effects with the panoramic stitching software on most digital cameras . But I do n't think it matches the true panoramic effect you get with this camera.The lens rotates and the film plane behind the lens has an equivalent curvature so that you get the `` true '' panoramic effect , not just widescreen . The camera uses 35 mm film but creates a negative that 's the length of a 21/4 '' x 21/4 '' negative.It takes a little trial and error to learn what types of shots will work and what wo n't . But once you get the hang of it you will get some really neat effects.I 've done a lot of things to trim down my photo bag when I travel , like leaving the telephoto lens and external flash at home . But I still take this camera . On most trips I only use it for a handful of subjects -LRB- only three times on my recent trip to France -RRB- , but to me it 's still worth the extra weight to have this camera for the right shot .
 It 's now 2007 and I bought this projector in 2003 and it 's still running strong . I use it to watch TV and DVDs . About half a year ago the bulb popped and I had to replace it . This was expected to happen at some point , but HP does n't make it very easy to order the bulb online , you have to call and then they ca n't find the part etc. . And it was quite expensive -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- . The only other complaint I have is the noise level of the fan . Ohter than that it runs perfectly and very reliably and has never failed me .
 I have been reading the other reviews on this item and I thought I would say something about mine . I have not had any problems with it nor has it broken down within the past 4 months i 've had it . the only problem i found with mine is the noise -LRB- i think it might be the fan or color wheel that needs to be lubricated -RRB- . But other than that I think it is a very good projector . I just wish it had an HDMI input along with component .
 An excellent add on to the Fuji camera for all those shots that just do n't make it into the nomal lens . Easy to add , same exposure , sharp shots in hand held mode
 Fujifilm Convertion Lens TLFXE01 is permitting to make pictures with large-scale of objects for long distances . But sometimes auto focusing is working wrong.I am recommending to test the pictures after shooting .
 While this product is labeled and marked for the precursor to the Fujifilm E900 , the E550 accessories are compatible with my E900 , even if the bright finish does not match the E900 's mostly black body . This lens is great to have for the shots that need the added zoom beyond the E900 's 4 optical zoom . Designed to be use only with E900 at max zoom , as such , this lens is really an outright 8 zoom accessory . Performance is fair for such a product . I obtained very acceptable results . It is enough to read license plates on cars to about 400 feet when using max 9 mpixel format . The visible lenses are coated with a green anti-reflection coating . The barrel is of high quality plastic , as is the required adapter for this lens . The low weight due to plastic is an asset in that lightweight digital cameras are generally used with light duty tripods that could take more time to damp out vibrations if the camera assembly is heavy . I found use of 2-second shutter release delay to make all the difference even on tripod shots when doing 8 zoom . As with most outdated camera accessories in the pipeline , this lens can be had at steep discounts . At $ 10 , the price compelled me to snatch it while it is still available !
 This product was exactly what I was looking for but I probably would n't purchase it again for this camera since it made the camera very hard to auto focus and many of my pictures came out blurry . I do n't believe it has anything to do with the lens I purchased but the difficulties with the camera .
 Being a college student , I really need something to backup my important files for when my laptop decides to mess up on me . The one touch is great , every once in a while , I 'll push the button then go to bed . The only problem I have with it is the power cord . Whenever I move the drive and plug it in , the little green light on the power adapter wo n't turn on , you have to bash it against the palm of your hand a few times for the light to STAY on . However , once it starts working , it 's really fine . I 've been able to move it around the house occasionally , depending on where I 'd like to work , and it plugs in and turns on . It tends not to work when it 's been unplugged for a while , like when transporting it a few hundred miles back to my dorm . Other than that little nuisance , The thing 's great . I love the one touch backup , the colors are pretty sweet , and the space is great to have . If it were n't for the power cord , I 'd give it the full five stars .
 Has nice LEDs on the front . Main button is green and the long strip lights up blue when the drive is being accessed . Casing is made of a well constructed metal body . Awesome value . Pretty fast transfers .
 The Drive was Pre-Formated ! Cavalry pre-formated the drive and I was able to get up and running ASAP ! I own a PC and MAC the drive is formated for FAT 32 so it worked on both with out any problems .
 It has very easy installation -LRB- just plug and play -RRB- , cheap cost , and tons of space . I can trust it with ALL of my files ! Oh yea , comes with a USB cord , too !
 This unit is GREAT ! One Touch OS backup/files makes it easy with the One Touch button and software provided ! 1 Second for files backed up and 3 seconds for OS ! Also has power-off feature after backup is complete.You can also boot from Hard Drive for recovering the whole drive!Supports up to 2TB .
 Well designed drive with one-touch backup built in which is a must for my business . Drive is working great since day 1 .
 I was pleasantlly surprised by the sound for the size of the product . The battery life is excellent too !
 Pros : smallgreat sound for it 's size -LRB- no bass , but what do you expect ? -RRB- line-inradio -LRB- reception is ok using the antenna , better using headphones -RRB- alarm is a great ideahave been using it on/off for 2 weeks -LRB- ~ 7 hours total -RRB- and still 2 bars left on charge indicatorCons : wish it charged using USB cableNeed more memory -LRB- not a big con -RRB- Overall I 'm impressed with the unit . It does what I bought it for -LRB- camping , some music while I work outside , riding my bike with my son -RRB- .
 I am quite pleased with this product despite it not being quite so user friendly . The quality of sound produced is very impressive for a unit its size . The condition of the product , despite its refurbished condition , was excellent .
 I used to have this case and loved it , but my camera was stolen while it was n't in the case . Now I have the case , but no strap to go with it . I just bought the camera again and would like to use the matching strap for the case . Is anyone willing to sell me their strap . It would be greatly appreciated . Please email BEALL100@chapman.eduThanks
 It 's a good fit for the E-900 . It does n't have a center hole in the flap for the lanyard . It 's leather on the flap , the rest is nylon .
 Fits fine in my Zen PMC -LRB- the original 20 gb version -RRB- . My original battery was left out in the cold and expanded -LRB- rather violently -RRB- out of its casing . This battery seems to hold a charge slightly longer than my original battery did . No complaints , works great , and kept me from having to buy a new player .
 Maybe I am asking too much - but it would be great if the battery could last for a week - i often forget to recharge and then miss out the utility - often for days
 I got a `` hands-on '' look at these at my local Apple Store.I think this is the best iPod yet . It 's even smaller than I thought , yet feels very sturdy . An advatage over other iPods is that it uses flash memory instead of a hard drive and still has a screen . Flash memory is more durable - no moving parts , perfect for exercise.There are some downsides . The battery will eventually wear out , forcing you to replace the entire iPod unit . Storage capacity is not expandable - bad if you find you want more space . It does n't come with many accesories - you 'll have to buy them separately.Overall , this is one of the best portable audio players available . I guess quality comes with a price , but there is a way to get the 4GB iPod Nano in your choice of color for free ! -LSB- ... -RSB- This is not a scam - it 's a legitimate offer from Gratis Internet , who 've received much media attention after giving away millions in products like iPods and PSPs , just to name a few . This company 's offers have been verified on CNN Headline News , Wired News , BBC News , Tech TV , NBC news , etc. . I frankly thought this was too good to be true , until I saw all the proof that 's out there!Whether you choose to purchase it or get it for free , I highly recommend the iPod Nano !
 Some people will complain about anything . Like , oh I do n't know . Their iPod nano scratching . Well guess what they all scratch . Even the mini everyone is telling you to go and buy . I 've got 2 iPods and 1 mini and they are all scratched . Even the two that came with the old slide case that Apple used to put in the box . Fact is , if you buy an iPod it will get scratched . End of story . As a matter of fact anything you buy that will be a portable item will get scratched . Do n't believe all of these people when they tell you it is fragile . One person complained it broke when it fell of a table . Well DUH ? There was an idiot a few years ago mad because he dropped his 17 '' Powerbook off the table on its power cord and broke . I want to drop these people on their heads and see if they break . Maybe I can take them to the hospital and trade them in for something a little more durable . An anvil perhaps .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's not fake , I learned about it through CNN news.Good simple product . No major drawbacks , unless you 're a big music buff and 4gigs is too small . But with the size of this thing , 4gigs is fair and adaquate .
 For those who always complain , I wonder its the competitors sent you . Please mind two facts1 . LCD problems appears at a very small portion -LRB- < 1 % -RRB- . And you can ask Apple to replace it if it happens . But mind is working perfectly . I take reasonable care of it because its beautiful . I heard some people cracked the LCD after sitting on it . Come on , they SIT on it ! 2 . Stress test has been done by third party . Proved that is very durable . No argue at all , please read -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Please explain to me how you people could be stupid enough to judge a electronic device 's worth on a drop test . Do you purposely drop it on the ground , or are you so stupid to let it drop ? I mean , come on . No wonder you have trouble returning them to the store .
 the real question when you are picking out an mp3 player - is not what brand you want . duh , you want apple ! - is not what kind of ipod you want . You want a nano . the newest , the slimest , the coolest.-its not if you can deal with scraches or not . If you are buying an ipod , use it for function , not fashon.The real question isWhat color do you want!WhiteDoes not scrach as easylooks just like a real ipod!white can go with your wedding dress!Blacksorta scraches not like you carelooks cool , black is very sleekidunno , black is different for an ipodYah , i hope my review helped a lot of people with the same problem as i had .
 I have resisted jumping on the iPod bandwagon for a long time . I have instead bought several Rio players -LRB- including the very small 5 GB Nitrus -RRB- ... but then I saw the Nano in person on the subway one day and could n't believe how sleek it was.This mp3 player does not disappoint . It is sleek and thin , has a bright color screen and is really very sturdy . As others have stated , the glossy finish on would probably show the smallest scratch but I have been very careful , keep it in a case , and have yet to have any damage.The best part of the Nano , as someone who was not an iPod user , is the interface . It works with a powerful menu system , making it very user-friendly , and has all the features of the biggest iPods in a tiny package . Though the iTunes software does have a few quirks , once you take the time to figure out how everything functions , it is an excellent way to manage your collection.Some of my favorite features include the ability to set the sound level for a particular song higher or lower compared to the others and the fact the iPod starts back exactly where you were -LRB- for example , in the middle of a song -RRB- when it is turned off and back on again . The click wheel also works very well and is touch-sensitive for controlling the volume and scrolling through menus . The instructions , though simple , are very good . -LRB- To the user who does n't know how to turn off his iPod
 What can i say ? Well , music and technology are my fields and this it 's my third iPod . The first one was the iPod photo 40Gb -LRB- it was for sell few weeks and then replaced by the 30 Gb and 20 Gb versions -RRB- , excelent music player , awesome inteface and very useful for sharing photos . The second one was the iPod mini blue 4Gb which was very good and quite more portable and discrete but lacked the color screen and as i was already used to carry my photos -LRB- by that time about 2000 -RRB- i found out that the old iPod photo was still the most useful for me.Then ... comes the nano , smaller , black and with color screen , i doubted a lot when i ordered it specially because of the `` easy to scratch '' issue , but when i received it ... I SAW ONE OF THE PRETTIEST THINGS TECHNOLOGY HAS BRING TO US , i mean i was speechless , it is not the same seeing it on internet or TV that actually having one on your hand . I kept it in its cover until next day -LRB- after its first nigth charge -RRB- and then i cut a PDA screen protector and apply it over its front -LRB- except the touch wheel -RRB- and voila ! Now i hardly ever go out without this guy or his big brother , they really change the way i hear music , help me to listen and relisten those cds that i was too busy to take to the car-office-house or even search in the house everytime.I understand the change Apple made , the iPod mini can be seen and compared as something similar to Creative Zen 5Gb and may be other music players in the market but the nano is just another level.Just one note
 Upon opening the box , the first thing to surprise me was the size . It 's amazingly small and light . The overall feel of it is pleasant . Excellent design . Not just the actual nano , but the design of the interface too . The screen is bright , clear , and has superb color . It 's easy to see that a great deal of thought went into the design.After installing the included iTunes software on my laptop with no problems , I connected the nano with the supplied USB cable . It was incredibly easy to get music from my CD library to the nano . Very intuitive . Make sure you 're connected to the Internet when you 're importing CDs . This makes it possible for your CDs to be `` found '' and all the information -LRB- track names , album name , artist , genre , etc. -RRB- to be automatically entered into your iTunes library . Much easier than typing it in manually . The process of importing is surprisingly quick . But I imagine that is dependent on your computing platform -LRB- mine 's a screamer -RRB- . After building up a library of about 20 CDs the nano had fully charged . I ejected the nano from iTunes , disconnected it and plugged in the supplied apple earbuds . To be honest , I was disappointed with the sound . Not bad , just not what I 'm used to . So I plugged in the Shure E3c earphones I purchased earlier . WOW !! This little thing can reproduce sound very well . All the subtle nuances and space is there . I 'm impressed . As much with the capabilities of the nano in the quality of the signal it produces as I am with the AAC compression algorithm . During import I used the AAC -LRB- default I think -RRB- compression , and glad I did . Excellent sound qualityI 've now imported 476 songs into my nano and I 've used about half of the 3.7 GB available . -LRB- I guess .3 GB is used for the ... firmware ? interface ? -RRB- I 've explored some of the features , like the EQ feature . I encourage nano owners to become familiar with this feature . It makes a noticable difference in the sound . Especially if you 're using quality earbuds . The more I play around with this thing the more impressed I am with the overall design.I got over 14 hours of play time on a complete discharge . Following lithium-ion battery protocols I do n't frequently deep discharge . Even so I 'm getting about 12 hours of play time . I follow the recommendations from apple on how to extend battery life , and they seem to be working.I agree with other reviewers on the scratches . Even though I took care to keep the nano in its provided case , after a single day the front face showed scratches . I have n't dropped mine so I ca n't attest to it 's sturdiness . My only concern at this point is the battery replacement issue . But from what I 've found that seems to be the biggest `` failing '' of iPods in general . I 'm confident that capitalism will `` fix '' that too.Overall I think this product is one of those technologies that is changing how we live . Radio , TV , cassette tape , CD , DVD , iPod . What 's next ? If I had to choose over again I 'd get the 8 GB nano . Apple does n't make one ? They should . You can never have too much memory , or too big a hard drive . When I comes to digital playback you can never have too much storage space . You wo n't regret owning one of these .
 Jeez , after reading all these durability issue reviews , I was expecting an IPOD made out of an eggshell !!! What are you guys doing with these things?I just got back from Best Buy , a store that has IPODs on a leash on display.As I was walking to them , I was thinking `` Best Buy 's got to be dumb as h ^ & * to be putting something so fragile on display like that . `` I was totally surprised to see that the only damage to the IPOD was a few scratches ... BIG DEAL !!! I asked my friend that worked there how long that specific IPOD was on display , he said since around Thanksgiving.That 's four months of consumer abuse and there was n't anything worse than a couple cm scratch.Then I told him about the durability complains on Amazon -LRB- along with the fragile screen that breaks when dropping comment -RRB- . My friend just laughed ... then he picked it up and smacked it screen first on the display case -LRB- the dumba & % -RRB- ... LOL ... It did n't break -LRB- or even crack -RRB- . Giving the IPOD durability bashers the benefit of a doubt ... maybe they happened to buy lemons , I would n't know.What I do know is that the IPOD on display at Best Buy was as durable as one would want -LRB- or at least as durable as I would expect -RRB- . Everything scratches , big deal , as long as it 's still readable & in working order , I do n't see it as different than any other product , unless it 's made of diamond.I 'm cheap , I have a really old Sony Sports discman . This thing 's supposed to be the toughest workout audio gear ... it scratched up pretty bad in one workout , but it 's worked perfect for over 5 years ... all that matters !!! If you want to test this product 's durability , go to an electronics store to see the Ipods on display -LRB- most have them out -RRB- . You 'll see that they are way more durable than people are reviewing . -LRB- I 'd rate it 5 stars -LRB- based on quality -RRB- but I do n't agree with the price . There 's other MP3 players with more options that are cheaper and sound just as good . My five star ratings go with them ! -RRB-
 It looks like a work of art and is so small it fits in any of jean pockets.This is the iPod to have lets get into why.Size - I did not even fully comprehend how impressed I would be , when I held the Nano in my hands . Its thinner than a number 2 pencil and less wide then your inner jean pocket . The first time you see it your jaw just hits the floor in amazement . The seems around the edges are very neat and nearly impossible to notice . When holding the iPod Nano , you really get the feeling that you are holding something of appreciable quality.Solid State - The iPod nano has not one moving part inside of its casing . The memory it uses is flash memory which you see digital camera memory cards using . It can be shaken and dropped and dont worry because this ipod isnt going to skip . That is how apple got this baby so thin.Storage - This 4-gigabyte iPod Nano is the best value . It is only $ 50 more than the 2-gigabyte model , so you get twice as much storage , for only $ 50 more . But the beauty for you is that on eBay you can get it for even less ! Yes thats right cheaper because that is the value of eBay.Display - The display on the new iPod Nano is fantastic . It is 1.5 inches and is big enough to show 3 full lines of text so your album name and artist show up along with the song name . This baby even holds your photos and contacts . Photos look great on the 1.5 inch screen.Click Wheel - The click wheel on this baby is great . Its slightly smaller than previous versions , but now it is apple designed and not a third parties part . So it feels even better and by having apple design it they were able to make the nano even thinner.Color - White is the traditional iPod color , but now Apple realized that black is becoming the new white and you should too . The nano in black is beautiful.Battery Life - Battery life is always an important feature . After all , what good is it having 1000 songs in your pocket if it only lasts 2 hours . Well have no fear the iPod nano brings in an impressive 14 hours of continuous play.In conclusion all i have to say is get yourself an iPod nano . In terms of size , usability and compatibility accept no substitutions .
 This is my first MP-3 type player . I chose Apple because I felt it was just easier to use with the iTunes as opposed to Napster.I love my Nano . All of it , the iTunes , the Nano itself is so easy to use . The music quality is excellent and the size is almost impossibly small . I 've heard that the glass over the color screen is susceptible to cracking if you 're not careful , so obviously , I 'll be careful . I love the random shuffle , the different playlists , the genres , artists , etc. , all the different categories you can play with.I 've had this for 4 days now . I was reluctant at first to get one of these . But the convenience of storing all of your CD 's , selecting which songs you want and never having to fuss with changing the discs is just so nice . I bought the splitter cable and can hook it up to any stereo system . The 4GB model just seemed more sensible to have given that I 've already loaded 500 + songs into it and my CD collection is relatively minimal . I like the flexibility of adding more if I want to and not worrying about the space.A really great buy .
 I have had the nano for about four months . It is one of the best buys that I have ever made . I run six days a week in all weather , always with my nano . Battery life is great
 Remember the days when you actually had to carry around a big bulky walkmen and all the cds to go with it ? Well I do and let me tell you I dont miss thoughs days one bit . This ipod nano is great and lets you carry just about every song you own and is super small and portable . I carry it just about every where I go in the store in the car , I mean theres no place this thing cant go . The only complaint I have about it is that the battery doesnt last for 7 or however many hours it says it does , your LUCKY if you get 2 full hours of continuos playing . But other then that this is great and totally worth the money only if your a major music listener . And I highly recommend you getting a protective case because it is fragil and scratches easy , and you would want one that protects the entire body of the ipod including the wheel and screen , otherwise you 'll be sorry . But the ipod is a great divise and I 've already gotten my moneys worth out of it and I 'll be using it for many more years to come .
 Excellent ! It has very easy to use controls , which sets the Ipod apart from other MP3 players . Also , instead of having to read a manual the size of a telephone book -LRB- as is typical for most consumer electronics products these days -RRB- , the nano comes with a quick start guide which is all you need -LRB- more detailed instructions are available online -RRB- . The only criticism I could possibly have is that the nano 's default downloading format is Apple 's proprietary format which can not be used with other MP3 players , and the standard download resolution is quite low -LRB- you can increase it under custom settings , though -RRB- .
 I definitely love the iPod Nano , it 's beautiful and ultra slim ! I do have to agree that it is VERY VERY FRAGILE ! It 's different than the older one , not talking about scratches at all , since that 's reasonable . The LCD screen on the iPod Nano is absolutely the most fragile I 've seen in electronics , mainly because it is SO thin . You can not put ANY pressure onto the LCD screen , not even an accidental bump , it will ruin the screen with lines just like that ! And yes , you can not even drop it a foot above on anything , it will once again ruin the LCD screen . The iPod itself will be fine , it 'll play no problem , and no scratches or damage on the surface of the iPod , but the LCD screen is done . Other than that , I LOVE the iPod Nano . Just make sure you protect that LCD screen like an eggshell .
 After a lot of thought , I finally caved and bought one of these to upgrade from my old Muvo . I 'm clearly a big fan of portability and unobtrusiveness in my mp3 players , so that played a big factor in my decision.Here are my thoughts : The Nano is small , it is very chic/beautiful -LRB- for people who go for that kinda thing -RRB- , the screen is nice and the click wheel is very , very functional . It 's quite small and it really does everything I need it to without being bothersome size-wise . I was quite impressed by the whole package . I was also very glad I decided to get the black model because I think it looks better.This is not to say the Nano is not without weaknesses . First off , pretty much everyone by now should realize the nano is not built like a tank . I invested in a nice leather cover , and it has definitely made things easier for me . I got it on almost immediately because the nano definitely shows scratches . Another issue is that the iPod does n't have the greatest battery life . They claim something like 13 hours but honestly I 'm not quite sure what they were testing . They probably did not turn on the backlight at all and/or listened on absolute minimum volume . I 'd estimate I get more like 10 hours out of the Nano -LRB- maybe I 'm off , seems like 3 days of average use -RRB- , which is n't as good as I might have hoped but also is in no way a deal-killer . All in all , despite its flaws , I am fairly happy with the Nano . It is approximately what I thought it would be , and it does what I need it to do -LRB- I 'm a college student and this thing pretty much goes everywhere on campus with me -RRB- . Just know what to expect .
 When one finds the iPod line has n't changed much in a while , just wait a few days , and you are likely to be blown off your feat . Apple is constantly innovating , and pushing the limit , in order to bring you the world 's greatest products.Apple CEO and co-founder , Steve Jobs , calls the creation , `` impossibly small , '' and `` magic . '' While it might be a stretch to refer to the Nano as impossible or magic , it is the first reaction one has , when they see the product.Size - I did not even fully comprehend how impressed I would be , when I held the Nano in my hands . The iPod Nano 's size is its greatest attribute . Its depth is slightly less than a number two pencil . In fact , the iPod Nano is thinner than the iPod Shuffle . Of course , it is also significantly less wide and tall , than the original iPods , and the iPod Mini it replaces . Weight is another jaw-dropping figure . The iPod Nano is almost four times lighter than the iPod Photo 20 Gigabyte player.It seems and feels even smaller in person , but everything fits together beautifully as well . The seems around the edges are very neat and nearly impossible to notice . When holding the iPod Nano , you really get the feeling that you are holding something of appreciable quality.Reliability - The iPod Nano will prove to be incredibly reliable . Why ? The Nano uses solid-state flash memory , which means there are no moving parts , in the player . The original iPod and iPod Mini used miniature hard drives , while still a good solution , they were bigger and could become damaged , when taking a hit . A lot of people who were upset that their iPod with a hard drive went out , would likely not have any problems , with the iPod Nano.Storage - This 4-gigabyte iPod Nano is the best value . It is only $ 50 more than the 2-gigabyte model , so you get twice as much storage , for only $ 50 more . Do n't forget you can also backup important files to your iPod , so you may find some extra space valuable . The 4-gigaybtes is capable of holding approximately 1000 songs.Display - The display on the new iPod Nano is fantastic . It features a nice resolution , and color . You can view your photographs , or the album art , from your music . There are also the standard iPod games to play , in color.Click Wheel - The click wheel continues to make iPod the most convenient and easy-to-use music player around . Being used to the slightly larger click wheel , on the full size iPod , I was concerned the Nano 's smaller click-wheel would be less functional , but that concern was quickly dismissed , when I saw it works as easy and efficiently as ever.Color - White is the traditional iPod color , and the white-colored iPod Nano will match many other Apple products . However , the black iPod nano is an intense and sleek finish , beautiful in person . It might show scratches and fingerprints more easily , but it looks so great that it may be the most popular color choice of this new player.Battery Life - Battery life is always an important feature . After all , what good is it having 1000 songs in your pocket , if you ca n't listen to them ? The iPod Nano lasts 14 hours , on a single charge , under ideal conditions . Ideal conditions are allowing the playing to play on its own , without accessing menus regularly , which turns on the backlight and drains the battery . Even with regular fiddling , you should last well over ten hours.Overall , Apple truly hit a home run , with the iPod Nano . Some companies follow , and some companies innovate and change the world . Apple is one of those companies . I love the nano , and my music can no go with me to even more places , with a player that is lighter than ever . The iPod Nano is destined to become the best selling music player in the world , and it will be for good reason .
 When the Nano was announced my significant other wanted to go to the Apple Store to get one since her 40GB G3 was at end of life , I decided to take a ride with her , no arm twisting required . When saw the black Nano and they said they had one 4GB model left , I could n't help myself so I came home with my 3rd iPod ... It smudges , scratches and they do n't have a lot of accessories out for this one just yet . Did I forget to mention that it smudges and scratches easily and they have very few accessories?It does not have the special remote/headphone jack , only a standard headphone jack so you can say goodbye to your Griffin iTrip . One additional disapppointment is the fact that this unit is a flash based device so you cannnot sync through an Apple Firewire port and the device is not `` bootable '' for hard-core Mac techies.Now for the good stuff , it has great battery life , it 's very small , fits in your coin pocket , it holds plenty of songs -LRB- about 800-900 songs if you like to tag your music with good images -RRB- . The price is fair but if you are buying this , you 're not looking for value and quantity of songs , you 're looking to turn heads , have a device that is way cool and extremely small . It does all of these.One last note , Apple should have made the included headphones in black .
 Coming in two varieties ; a 2Gb and 4Gb model both are available in black or white . However using the mini name just was n't going to cut it and this device is amazingly small . Think two iPod shuffles but only flatter and weighing a svelte 42 grams and you start to get the picture.The casing is split in two sections , the iconic silver backing found on all the iPod models and depending on your model either a shiny white cover or shiny black cover . Apple has opted to make the click wheel themselves this time and that means that it 's a rougher texture than iPod users will be used to . As to whether that 's a good thing or not , we think this actually helps.Concerns over the scratchability of the player are rightly so and I would recommend anyone thinking of buying one to invest in some sort of protection from day one . I took it out of the packaging , put it in our pocket with some change and a mobile phone . Five minutes later I took it out again and it already had a faint scratch on it.Connecting to iTunes , users will be able to opt for the same experience as previous iPod models and there is even an Autofill option that will randomly fill your iPod with tunes from your collection if you 've got too many to fit on the 2Gb or 4Gb offering .2 Gb will get you around 500 songs and 4Gb 1000 tracks as long as they are n't all 13 minute John Coltrane numbers.Because of the photo-viewing element , you can also sync the nano with iPod Photo on an Apple Mac . As with previous models you can opt to sync your entire photo collection or specific rolls or albums.The main cause of amazement is that the nano has a screen built in such a small and thin device . Taking a leaf out of the iPod Photo , the nano features a bright colour screen , if not a bit on the small size , but still able to view image you 've transferred via your computer.Digital photographers however will be upset to hear that the Apple Digital Camera connector does n't work on the nano nor can you get a cable to be able to view the images on a nearby television . Viewing back you images on the screen is more likely to be a reference option rather than something worth straining your eyes over.Those bored of the music can head over to the in-built games , challenge themselves at their own music collection with the music quiz , play miniature solitaire or even bricks - Apple 's version of Breakout.VERDICTThere is no doubt that this is going to be one of those must have devices if you have n't already signed up for the iPod revolution . The sleekness of the device means it will garner oohs and aahs from all over , heck Mrs Pocket-lint got excited by the smallness of the box it came in let alone the player itself.What makes this a winning combination is the iTunes software and how easy it is to use . Okay so the catches are that you will be tied into Apple 's iTunes Music Store and the Apple file format for the foreseeable future , but when it 's this good , who cares?Our final and most important piece of advice however to any would be buyer ; make sure you get a protective case from day one , else your shiny new toy will have more scratches on it than a funky renegade dj 's record collection .
 Without a doubt , iPod Nano is a big improvement from iPod Mini . I sold my Mini the day Nano came out . Here are my bullet point cons and prosObvious Pros -LRB- that everyone already knows -RRB- * Much smaller * Color screen . The screen is very bright and much more pleasurable to navigate around compared to Mini.Not So Obvious Pros * Robust . Because Nano uses flash memory as opposed to hard drives in regular iPod or Mini , Nano is immune to shock . I dropped it from my shoulder height while playing , and the music played as usual . And there is nothing wrong afterward * Transfer speed . Again , because of the flash memory , Nano is able to transfer files 1.5 x faster than MiniCons * Very vulnerable to scratch -LRB- especially the black version -RRB- . I keep the protective plastic at the front , plus a self-made paper wrap to protect it . * Expensive accessories . Speaking of protective wrap , the currently available ones are way overpriced . That is why it led me to make one from paper myself . * Incompatible accessories with Mini . Because of the removal of the extra hole near the head phone plug , many Mini accessories are incompatible with Nano . One noticeable one is Griffin iTrip -LRB- the FM transmitter -RRB- . I guess accessory manufacturers will come up with more Nano accessories over time . * Slightly shorter battery life than Mini . 14 hours v.s. 18 hours -LRB- official numbers -RRB- . However , I have no problem with that 4 hours difference.I like it a lot , but I have to give it a 4 stars for all the cons . I suggest you buy the 4 GB version instead of the 2 GB . For extra $ 50 you get twice as much the space . And if you plan to bring it when you travel , and you do n't have/want to bring your laptop , then you better buy an AC converter for recharging , as it is not included in the box .
 I bought a black Nano I 'm extremely satisfied . The device is beautiful -- however also VERY prone to scratches.Take out your new Nano and admire its great engineering and sleek design ... then slip into a protective shell case and leave it in ! * You MUST buy a case/shell for this device * Several companies are making sleek Nano shells which give access to all ports -LRB- headphone , dock connector , hold button , click wheel -RRB- as well as providing LCD protection.I 'm partial to the thin `` Speck Nano SkinTight '' line available right here at Amazon.comOnce your Nano is protected , toss it in your bag , drop it , use it in the rain , NO WORRIES !
 I really like the ipod nano . It is great quality and has excellent sound . It is as small as it was promoted to be , but no fragile . I dropped it 3 times the very day I had it and still plays great . My only problem I have with the nano is that we can not put our music in the order that we want it . It goes in alphabetically and then you have to create a playlist of songs that you want to listen to in whatever order.The so called manual is a little pull out guide which is n't really helpful and after 2 months I have just been forwarding to whatever song I want to listen to because I still can not find how to create the playlist.But like I said thats my only gripe . Everything else is great with this . I only wish I had waited to get the video ipod . But I 'll stick to this one for now . I still have n't filled it up with music yet . Have over 1GB left .
 This is a great mp3 player , incredibly small and unlike some people have said , this thing is extremely durable , I 've stepped on it , dropped it , sat on it , and it still looks brand new.The only thing I will say though is get the white version , I had the black version but it was just ugly to look at , fingerprints , dust , and scratches are too visible on the black ipod , on the white one however you cant see any sratches or fingerprints unless you really want to and hold it at an angle or something , it 's just more pleasant to look at your ipod and not see a bunch of fingerprints and blemishes .
 Oh my god where have you been all my life . I have n't felt this way since the invention of the Sony Walkman back in 1980 . The nano is simply amazing . Tiny , so simple to use even a caveman can do it . Holds so many cds it is mind boggling . Make sure you do get a sleeve protector of some type to keep it pristine . I got the one by Belkin with the arm band for jogging .
 I 'm sure many of you out there have ipods ... it seems like everyone walking around these days has one . So as many of you that have them , most of you probably know how easily breakable the mini 's and regular ipods were . The new nano 's however has no movable parts , but still functions like the regular ipods . and because it only weighs 1.5 ounces , you can catch it by the earphones , so it will never clatter onto the ground and break -LRB- as did mine -RRB- . Apple controls over 80 % of the mp3 player market - normally , that is something which is impossible to hold on to . But introducing this item , they might have even strengthened their hold on the market . In fact , apple is so sure of the nano , that they are discontinuing their best selling product - the mini . Maybe there is a reason why everyone you see walking down the street is listening to an ipod . To see it , is to fall in love with it , credit cards - beware . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The new ipod is fantastic . The storage space and thin design are the best yet . Many of the other reviewers have mentioned that the new model is not as durable as the old one , but the added features make up for it . If you are into sports , try the ipod shuffle , it 's smaller and easier for exercise . Also , I got my ipod for 10 dollars off a promotion on premium ipods site . It worked great and cost me 10 bucks -LRB- much better than 300 -RRB- check it out
 I always envied the size of the mini , but I enjoyed my album art too much to make that trade down . Hauling the 20GB around was cumbersome when I just wanted to run a quick errand while listening to music . With the nano , I get the lightweight and album art . It 's so perfect that I did n't even wait to sell my 20GB before purchasing one . I could n't wait .
 Anybody worry about breaking this one can go < A HREF = http://feeds.feedburner.com/arstechnica/BAaf?m=932 > Here < / A > and read their review . A quote
 holds good amount of music , and size is cool , but for music lovers ... go with a bigger model
 Let me start off by saying that the only reason i gave this 4 stars is that ist does not include necessary things like a wall charger adapter . I have been through all the ipods that apple has released , and let me tell you , this is the best one . It is slim and stylish , and with 4 gigs of space a real stunner being so small . Sound quality is great since it has a flash drive and it does n't skip around either . Do n't forget that it also includes a nice velvety free case . And do n't listen to all those people saying it breaks to easily ... i have had mine for a while , and as long as you do n't rough around with it it probably wo n't break . However it dos scrach easily so i suggest keeping on the plasticy cover that comes with it because it works just fine and at the same time protects the ipod . If you are looking to buy an ipod for he first time or are just upgrading get this one !!!!
 I love my Nano , but do not expect to every get 10 to 12 hours of running time . If you turn off EQ and turn off the backlight the most you can expect is 7 hours . When Apple talks about this kind of playtime they means you never turn the machine off instead put it on play until it runs down in 12 or 14 hours . When you turn off your machine and put it back on , rewind the machine or shuffle it the battery goes downhill . There is no truth in advertising . However , with this said the machine is a delight , the sound is clear and I would not trade it . I keep a clear cover over the screen to protect it from scratching . I hope this helps . Do n't send the machine back when you only get 7 hours .
 This is the coolest MP3 player I 've ever seen ! You wont believe how thin it is until you try to hold it on your palm ! Here are some reasons why I love this MP3 player : - Incredibly small , thin , and very light . - Well designed , fit on your palm , pocket , or pencil case . - High resolution colour screen , shows albumart , photos , and games in colors . - Superb sound . - Click wheel ; easy navigation as the original iPod . - New features : > World Clock > Stopwatch > Screen Lock - now with iTunes 5 , it 's easy to sync AddressBook , Calendar , etc between Ms Outlook and iPod nano . - with flash memory , the nano is 100 % skip free ; a true sport companion . - headphone jack at the bottom , making it easier to read the screen -LRB- without rotating it first -RRB- when we take the nano out from our jeans pocket.Although it comes with lots of advantages , yet : - 4 GB is the maximum capacity possible . - USB connection only . - No charger adapter , you should use the USB connection to recharge the battery . It means the computer or laptop should be around you . Make sure you bring your laptop on your vacation . - Only two colors available , black or white . No more pink , blue , green , etc.Accessories that you may like : - The lanyard . With this earphone , you can wear your iPod nano as necklace . No more tangle and you can change the music right away without reaching your pocket . - The silicon case . This silicon case comes in colors and will change the look of your iPod nano . It will also protect your iPod from scratches and prevents it from sliding on a tilted table or slipped out of your pocket when you 're sitting.Overall this is a really great product ! Before deciding to buy this MP3 player , make sure you have USB 2.0 on you computer or laptop . Some people had bought this nano and having USB 1 connection on their PC , making the song transfer a painful and time consuming process . It will takes hours to fill up your iPod nano with USB 1 . Therefore , the existance of USB 2.0 on your PC is crucial . Also , if you are frequent traveller , it is a good idea to buy another accessory for recharging the battery og your iPod without connecting it to PC . Otherwise , you will have to bring your laptop with you or look for PCs on your vacation to recharge your nano .
 Great little and cool black MP3 player . The sound quality I think is better than other one out there and easy menus .
 nice sleek cool design .4 gigs should be plenty to hold enough songs that you likely wo n't even listen to once stored..I-tunes is very intuitive software to makes it very simple to move stuff around .
 There are tons of refurbished Nanos available for purchase yet it has n't been out that long.Compared to the Mini , the # of refurbished products available are pretty close yet the Mini has been out so much longer.Doesn ' t say too much about the quality but then again , there really is n't a well rounded MP3 player available.After some research , I 'm finding that you have MP3 players with lots of uses but short battery life , MP3 players with long battery life but nothing else and MP3 players with both long battery life and lots of uses but break if breathed on.Yet they 're all extremely expensive.You 'd think that there would be a good MP3 player out by now.While the MP3 world is still looking for a great MP3 player , I would have to rate this one the current best despite the # of refurbished units available -LRB- proving sub-par quality -RRB- . It is one of the worst deals in relation to its price but its the most fun to use and it 's very easy to download songs.Battery life is very questionable , even if you treat it like the manual recommends . Apple customer service is crap but then again , the planet buys their product no matter what so why pay extra for good employees -LRB- in other words , having good employees is an unnecessary expense for them -RRB- ? If you need an MP3 player right now , I 'd recommend this one -LRB- as would everyone I know , even Apple-haters -RRB- . The durability is n't as bad as talked up but the battery life is . Sony Bean is pretty cool also but the toggle switch is hard to use . Ultra MP3 14-in-1 is unheard of but very cool , only knock on this one is that the battery -LRB- 1 AAA -RRB- life only gives you about 8 hours -LRB- it 's sold as a 512mb but has a memory card port & expands to 1.5 gb , sells for $ 100 , add ' l card is around $ 30 -RRB- .
 As soon as Apple introduced the iPod Nano it caught my interest as a small , convenient MP3 player perfectly made for air travel . Because of its 4 gigs of memory and smaller size , the Nano can be easily slipped it into a shirt pocket , play hours of music , and be forgotten . Despite the fact it was fairly evident that scratches could be an issue due to the glossy surface , I purchased the black version since it matched my Etymotic ER4P earplugs and cord . When the Nano arrived I left the original clear film protector on the front of the player and purchased skin covers until something better could be found.The sound produced by the Nano is excellent , it is very difficult to tell any difference from other iPods . The Nano has also perfomed equally well with iTunes , music downloads , and the computer interface . However , there is one performance issue that has been troubling , and that concerns battery power . The Nano is advertised as having 14 hours of battery strength , yet after three weeks of use it appears to have the same power range as its predecessor the iPod Mini . That issue has been a rather significant disappointment so far , but hopefully the battery will become more efficient with usage . Overall Apple has done quite well with the new iPod Nano , just treat it gently as you would with any other electronic device and it will meet most expectations .
 The ipod nano is one of the best out there . It hold a lot of songs and very thin . I 'm impressed . I like the design of the box and every included inside the bow . Speaking of what included inside the box is a USB 2.0 -LRB- to charge it -RRB- , the dock adapter -LRB- for older dock connector -RRB- , earphone , earphone protection , itune disc , ipod manual and the Ipod itself . I really like the sound coming from the Ipod ! It crystal clear ! I kind of had trouble operating it at first but I got the hang of it later . Ok now the negative side . The ipod nano scratches very easily ! If your planning to get the Ipod Nano you should get the case for it but do n't get the ipod case . Get the ISkin cases . Another negative thing about it is charging it . It a pain that you have to have the computer have to be on in order for it to charge . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Well that mine review enjoy the ipod .
 The term `` bigger is better '' no longer applies to one of the latest additions to Apple 's new iPod line . Measuring 3.5 '' x 1.6 '' x 0.27 '' and weighing 1.5 ounces , the new flash-based iPod nano offers a great product for consumers . Described as being `` 100-percent iPod '' the nano comes as either a 2 GB with 500 songs -LRB- $ 199 -RRB- , or a 4GB with 1,000 songs -LRB- $ 249 -RRB- . With the nano , comes all of the standard accessories that include the signature white headphones , a USB cable , manuals , an iTunes software disk and a dock adapter . Features include holding three days ' worth of music , 14 hours of playing time , compadability with the music service iTunes , the touch-and-go click wheel , and a color screen display . The ability of updating photos and songs through iTunes is an interesting part of the nano . `` Nano-only '' features include being able to set numerous clocks around the world accordingly , a stopwatch that allows users to store stats and record time similar to a stopwatch , and the addition of the screen lock , which enables users to `` lock '' the iPod by implementing a code that acts as a password . These three additions add a unique and favorable touch to the nano . The ability to create a `` lock '' that involves both the internal and external part of the iPod is likable , as well as the stopwatch option . But I find that the most informative and creative nano-only feature to be the ability to create clocks , letting users know what time it is around the world.Although impressive , the ability to store and access photos is unfavorable due to the 1.5-inch LCD display , making the screen smaller than most cell phones . Another issue that ca n't go ignored is that the outside covering of the nano is highly vulnerable to scratches and marks , and in my opinion , prone to breaking and other abuse . The smallness factor ca n't go ignored either , but is appealing to most users.Overall , if you are looking for a `` cute '' and different approach to the iPod market , the iPod nano would be a great product to buy . The iPod may be small but makes up for it in many other ways . Its distinct features and user-friendly display and photo capabilities make the iPod nano a whole and ideal product .
 WOW ! Everyone who has seen my black 4G ipod has ordered one , even those who hated ipods for no reason . This is an amazing engineering feat , I have no idea how they fit all that in to a player the size of a credit card.It 's got a beautiful color screen , syncs with your outlook contacts and calendar , stores photos , games , clocks , and best of all it 's got iTunes . I really don ; t see how they could improve on this besides maybe getting a protective coating on the black nano . It does scratch real easy.And contraty to what was posted , you can get 2 lines of free laser engraving when you order from the apple store online . Also , the battery lasts plenty 14 hours , who wants to carry around bulky AAA batteries around all the time . I think the competition might just have to close shop pretty soon .
 I just bought one for my lovely daughter . You 'd better get a cover for it 'cause man , the black one scratches sooo easily . Other than that great .1 . Very very light ! 2 . Amazing colour display3.Black is way sleeker !! 4 . You can take it anwhere .5 . I do n't know what she 'd do without it !! Andre Shortell
 Amazing ! 1000 songs in your pocket on something the size of a credit card . Almost unnoticeable when placed in your shirt pocket . Sound quality is great , but a set of Shure E-4s make it even better . Alot of people complain about scratches , but I own a black one , and have had no issues . As long as you 're not a total klutz , you should be fine . Go for it .
 So . . I bought a Nano . took it with me to work , was waiting in a doctors waitingroom while I opened it . Its amazingly small and light . I was a little shocked to read that there is no AC adaptor , and a little annoyed that there is not even like a demo song on it or anything . An hour , and several games of solitare later , the back has one fairly major scratch and a lot of fingerprints , and Im thinking of returning it , but wondering if that scratch will stop that . I leave the plastic protective dealy on the front , and take it home . It took me about an hour to master the itunes dealy , and I get some music on it.At this point , I plug in my oldschool koss headphones that I love , and am immediatly blown away by the sound . about 20 minutes later , I discover podcasting , and realize even If i return the nano , Im going to have to get something to replace it -LRB- this being my first non-cd mp3 player -RRB- . So I gave it a few days , slung it around a bit . More scratching , but it didnt realy flex , so I figure its probly pretty durable . Im loving it , but wishing I had a 4 rather than a 2 gb.after a week , I take it to work with me , intending to take it jogging after work . But when I pull it out , the screen is missing about half of its lines , in the middle . And , the volume control dosnt work . click wheel does , but no volume , and its stuck on blast . It was wrapped inside of a folded handkerchief , which was inside of the cloth bag I got with my oakleys . Dont know what happened , but now Im thinking `` well sh*t '' . I am out $ 200 . I took it back to the store , and they were gracious about the return -LRB- thank heaven -RRB- , but persuaded me to get a second one . that was this afternoon . I got home , and decided that I really want the 4 gb , not this second 2 . And I want to avoid the scratching issue , so I will try the silicon nanotubes . Since I hadnt even opened the second one , I will be returning it first thing next week , in its sealed package . I can wait for a 4 gb to be available.I ordered it -LRB- my third nano , a black 4 gb -RRB- direct from apple this afternoon , with a set of the `` nano tubes '' . I learned with the first one ... When it arrives , It will be staying sealed in its package untill the cases I ordered with it arrive . Even then , I will be leaving the plastic cover on the front , inside the case . And I will be finding a hard case for rough travel and storage -LRB- when its got ta go in a backpack , or when I am road tripping -RRB- . I think a nice soap holder will fit perfectly . Yay cheap , eh?I think the screen thing will be biting apple in the arse . I also think that they really should look into a more durable scratch resistant coat . you cant proof it , and I like the mirror finish , but a little bit of work on this would likely yield big for the product line.With that said , I am loving the idea , and the product . I will have an use an Ipod Nano , probably for as long as the product line Exists . perfect size , shape , etc.My only 2 regrets are that there is no FM , and that I ca n't get a U2 Nano . That would make for a truely kick behind product combo . maybe a future version . I would easily shelled out 2-3 times the cost for a scratch resistant , radio recieving , U2 Ipod Nano.Oh . . and someone needs to push a little on the availability of the nano Accessories . 4-6 week wait for some of that ? no good.Buy a Nano . Try a Nano . Im not just just the president , Im a member -LRB- now -RRB-
 I got it to use in the gym and when I go out for long walks.The size is really convenient , and I can just put it in my back poket and do n't even know is there.It 's a bit delicate , and I scratched allready , Overall I am very happy with it .
 Good solid Ipod ! there are newer bigger better ones out now , but this is great for the price i paid !
 the product that came was as described . It came in a reasonable time . I am entirely satisfied with this experience .
 This was an easy transaction and the regular shipping was super fast . Item is exactly what I wanted !
 i got this ipod nano for christmas about 3 years ago and loved it . it got the job done and never gave me any trouble . my only complaint about it was that it scratched way too easy and by the time i sold it a few months ago the thing looked like i took it to the pavement and rubbed it up and down 50 times . i recently bought the new 3rd generation nano only because i needed more space , and love this one as well
 Everything was great , the scratches were n't nearly evident as expected . Seems to work very well-no problems so far . Thank you
 this was my grandson 's present last year from his Mom and Dad . He loves it
 Used but functional , dent on the back which was not directly identified . But I expected some wear . Battery is great . Happy with my purchase got a great deal .
 Now i did n't buy my nano from amazon but i did get the replasment scren off amazon ... but anyway the ipod nano black 1st gen is really cool if you dont care about scraches and such . it looks cool becues of its shape and the point that it dosent look like a ipod mini . it also fits in your poket smother than a 2nd gen ipod nano ... it also is easyer to fix on yor own . and hase cooler addons than the 2nd gen nano . so ya make shure you think about what you want to do befor buying this .
 This is a great unit . More memory than you could possibly need , plus the added bonus of picture viewing . I 've had this one since March 2006 with no technical issues , and I have heard that the new ones that come in different colors have problems so it 's too bad they do n't make this one anymore . The menu is easy to navigate and finding the song you want is simple . The do it yourself on-the-go playlist is great so you can change and add the songs you want to hear . Great player , definitely buy a cheap wall charger and/or car charger for this because the color screen chews up the battery life .
 The Apple 4GB iPod Nano AAC/MP3 Player I received is excellent ! It arrived in great shape and works very well . My son is thrilled !! Thanks !! I purchased the 4GB iPod for less than the price of a new 2GB iPod at Wal-Mart !!
 this ipod is beautiful , nice , slick , thin , amazing sound , everything about it is good well recomended
 Well just got my Ipod Nano couple days ago , I also bought the protective screen cover -LRB- film -RRB- for my screen and the click wheel and the small button in the middle . -LRB- Japan makes them , which is nice -RRB- Yea I put on the film and the silicon case right after I opened it . So I do n't have to worry about scratches . It will say new for the rest of my life or until i keep it . One bad thing is the stock earphones . I had them couple of days and it 's already broken ! I recommend it but becareful with the earphone that came with it . They are pretty weak !
 style is everything as far as the ipod nano is concerned . i went out and bought a 4gb black the day it came out , not knowing that it would be in such a short supply in later days.after playing with it for a couple of weeks , i would say that it is the best mp3 player to date , all things considered . yet , it is far from being perfect , and i do n't ask for much.i just want a recording feature , like a lot of the low end cheap mp3 players , but no ipod nano does n't come with recording feature . otherwise , ipod nano is the perfect companion to my 60gb ipod , which is getting heavier and bulkier by the day .
 I have a 4GB 1st gen nano . I use it to play through my audio video reciever ... I use it when I work out ... AND I use it through an Alpine head unit in my car ... So far so good ! I have n't had any problems with the nano since I purchsed it 2 years ago ... The battery life is kind of short , about 2.5 to 3 hours for me ... but I have only come ` close ' to running out at an airport ... so a minor complaint ... I have also posted a review on the 2nd gen nano I just purchased a couple of weeks ago , feel free to check that one out.To summarize , the 1ste gen 4GB nano works great !
 Awesome device . Took me a little time to figure out how everything worked but now we are inseparable .
 Excellent Sound Quality with an excellent software to backup ... Not really happy with the hear plugs ... it keeps coming out ... but over all an outstanding item to buy ...
 * This Ipod nano is excellent ! I bought it about a week ago and it is great . It is extremely light and thin , and I already have about 440 songs stored on it . I did have a problem with it ; the fact that I could n't update my songs . It annoyed me but I called Apple Customer Care and they were very helpful . Other than that I have no problems with it . I recommend that you leave the plastic on as long as possible but fingerprints and scratches show easily . I figured out that the back of the Ipod Nano can also be used as a mirror ! This Nano will be great for long car rides , train rides , plane rides and waiting in the doctor 's office . Great Idea Apple !
 When Steve Jobs said the nano wiould be the biggest revolution since the original iPod , he was n't kidding . The nano is the most impressive thing I have ever held in my hands . I was really into this product from the start , but certain aspects of the player never hit me until I actually held it.The day I got mine , my jaw droppped . How could something so small be an iPod ? Well , after using mine , I know this is by far the best mp3 player I have ever seen.I wont go into the specs , as other reviewers already have.But I will state some things that are wrong with it.First , I was somewhat disapointed to hear it was USB 2.0 only . My old iPod was firewire , and since I have a mac computer , I never really ever used 2.0 . The time to load music was noticable . While takes my 3rd gen Ipod to load my entire library only about 5 minutes , it took my nano about 8-10 minutes to lload only 800 songs . Its not that big a deal , but still ... The other thing is not really that big a deal either , but it is something i found wierd about the player . The headphone jack is on the bottom , instead of on top like it had been for 4 years . I mean , its not the end of the world , I just find that choice very odd.One other thing a lot of people have talked about was value . Yes , this little guy is somewhat of a rip off . Why not just pay $ 50 more , and get an iPod with 5 times the space ? Again , it comes down to `` cool '' factor , something the Nano drips of.However , these `` flaws '' would by no means make me change my mind on my purchase . This is still THE mp3 product on the market . I bought mine becuase I love apple stuff , and my old one was dying on me . Im glad I bought this thing .
 I have n't bought an ipod nano yet but I will buy it soon enough because it simply looks fantastic and you ca n't find another mp3 player so small and beautiful like this one . However I 've heard all these stories about the horrible scratches it gets easily and I decided to take my precautions in advance . I searched on ebay for ipod cases and it came with a bunch of results , I picked the cheapest one there was and I used the `` buy now '' option cause bidding for a case is just not worth it . The one I picked costed only $ 1 plus the shipping cost which was apparently more than that but still way cheaper overall than any of the other cases . The item which arrived included 4 silicon see-thru cases in different colors -LRB- one of them clear -RRB- and a stripe . The material is very endurable , slim and elegant and I 'm very happy I got it . I 'm very hypochontriac when it comes to electronic devices , I 'll probably leave the plastic around my ipod as well . This item shipped from Hong Kong from an idependant seller and it was sealed , not used at all . There are many sellers like that on ebay . The stripe it came with is a very convenient way to carry it around . You should definitely look for a case like that on ebay , do n't waste your money on expensive cases because the quality is the same and they rip you off . The 4 cases and the stripe I got are excellent and only at the price of $ 1 ! No kidding !
 any other mp3 player beside 's apple 's ipod line costs less . also the battery life is short , but not a big deal . and to people who ca n't figure out itunes store and how to disconnect , you do n't deserve to own this or a computer if you ca n't use it !!!! i figured it out in about a minute . to disconnect , go under my computer , select `` e '' or whatever your usb port 's labeled , and eject .
 I had no plans of buying an iPod Nano black after looking at the features offered by Creative Zen Vision M , but I needed a mp3 player and Creative was in great demand requiring atleast 6 weeks of waiting -LRB- atleast in Amazon . How do I know that ? I waited for more than 4 weeks for mine ... eventually cancelling the order -RRB- . Anyways , I would suggest you all to buy transperant full body shields available in market -LRB- I bought mine from SHIELDZONE , there are probably other companies aswell -RRB- . The full body shield is virtually zero thicknes , protects your precious , iPod , from scratches . It takes not more than 10 minutes to install and is ready to use immediately . Now that I have the shield on my Nano , and have also not compromised on the looks of the same , I am on lookout for cases -LRB- preferrably black silicone -RRB- to wrap around it . Will update you guys when I find one.And for all you guys who keep complaining about the scratches , get intelligent , buy some screen protector the day you order for iPod . Its worth those couple of bucks .
 I just got my iPod a month ago and love it . I know all of the controls and everything . I left the plastic on it until I get the case I ordered last week . The only problem is too many scratches . I have tried my hardest to keep it safe from scratches . The new iPod may have video , but it is very wide and scratches the same as the nano . This iPod nano is cheaper . The new iPod holds 15,000 songs which is too much to hold . Who would pay all of that money on iTunes for music ? 15,000 songs @ 99 cents = $ 1,485,000 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! pros + small and compact + choice of black or white + 1,000 songs and 25,000 photos + clear crisp soundcons - scratches TOO easily - no charger ? sold seperately from Apple at $ 39 - headphone jack is at bottom which is usually on top from recent modelsI recommend this iPod out of the mini and the new one ...
 It scratches way to easily !!! Even after I bough a soft case and screen ptrotector ... shame on you Apple !!!!
 I have had my Black iPod nano since last Friday and I have to say it is fantastic . I was skeptical about how nice the screen would look being so small but it is crystal clear and beautiful . Pictures and games show up really well with great detail . Putting songs and pictures on it through iTunes is a little annoying because I was so used to my creative zen player being able to drag and drop everything easily.Its size is just amaizing and is perfect for when I go jugging . I bought a pink armband and it works really well . Navigating the menus is very easy and the shuffle songs feature works really well . Most other MP3 players I have had tend to repeat the same songs but with this one it is very random . Excellent little device , I ca n't wait to see what else apple comes up with .
 If you are going to buy a fine German car and want to fit only two people into it , you buy a Porsche , not a VW . And if you want to do the same and put 4 into it you get something like a BMW , not a VW ... So if you want to load 1000 + of your favorite songs into an MP3 player and rock out , you get an IPOD.Part of the Keep It Simple Stupid concept of life .
 First I would say that I am not 13 . It seems that when a review is titled under a kid 's review the opinion does n't really matter since the child did not have enough experience to full review a product in comparison of others . And second I am a loyal iPod nano customer . A fanatic in a way because I love the simplicity of the ipod interface and downloading capabilities.Many people here possibly do n't know this since there is n't much publicity of it but there is a product out there called minidisc players which have recently been upgraded to Hi-Mds . Basically what this is is a cd player , mp3 player combination that has originated in 1990 . It uses 174mb discs that are smaller than the original encased into a plastic sqaure , which makes the player square . It is a unique product but also really good.When the minidiscs first came out they were just extensions to your home entertainment unit , as a cd player . What it was was a replacement to cassette players with some added features such as text and the ability to switch through tracks as in a cd player . You insert a cd into your cd player and transfer all the songs into the minidisc for good portable use . It was a good idea but it was n't publicized well as well as the distibution.In the year 2000 they have made the minidisc computer compatible by adding a usb port and giving the ability to transfer downloaded music into it . This is called net md as some of you are familiar to.And last they have made Hi-Mds which are faster and higher capacity discs that have 1gb each.I did n't come here to write about the history of the minidiscs and their origin since I am writing at the ipod nano review column . But what I am writing is that since the poor success of the Hi-Md they have started to get out of business . Now it is really hard to find one in such stores as best buy , if there are still some in your region , I urge you , BUY IT!I have found out about this news yesterday when I was overwhelmed that the 300 sony MZ-NH600D was at a store for 70 dollars . I called the store and 2 others and I found out there was some kind of clearance of them . I drove 30 km to a warehouse where they had one left ! And not one in the store but one in all of the stores in Toronto ! I quickly bought it.When I came home I put in one of my discs into it just to try it out.I was marveled ! The sound quality was amazing . And let me tell you the step from net-md to hi-md was a serious improvment . And I was in denial to say that it sounded way better than my nano , but then I had to admit it to myself . Then I turned on sonicstage and plugged my hi-md into it , it was really fast to add and delete songs , not as fast as itunes and the ipod , but comparing to netmds . And finally you are able to listen to the music from your minidisc player from your speakers , not headphones!All I am saying is I am a crazy fan of apple and their delicious ipods lol but the minidisc player had far better sound quality with the same bit rate , and do n't forget the battery life . And then I realized that there are better things than ipods in this world.What I am telling you is that if you do n't believe the sound quality that these minidisc players are now producing then do n't buy it but if you want to have a last chance of owning one , get one quickly because the price is sooooo low now its comparing to bad 512mb mp3 players . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 It scratches , it 's expensive for the storage size , not good on durability , it is made by apple , the iTunes store is horrible . Now we have all the negatives lets look at the nano . Scratches well anything with a screen will scratch so get a protector for it , try invisible sheild works and adds no bulk to the player . Expensive for the amount of storage , it weighs an once and is as thin as a pencil , you are not paying for the storage you are paying for the small size . Durability , it has no moving parts , next complaint ... it is made by Apple , yeah and your point is ... Itunes is horrible ? Ok it is the largest store around and it was the 50th to the market so how can it be that bad the songs are less than $ 1.00 . this thing is great and iPOD 's have the best add ons in the business . You will not find a better player period ...
 I loved this ipod soooo0o0o much . it was amazing in every possible way . that was until i went to whipe the fingerprints off with my shirt . MY SHIRT SCRATCHED HTE SURFACE !! The finish on this ipod is so soft that clothing will scratch it . and then i jsut thought , `` screw it , it 'll jsut be scratched up '' but then after jstu a normal day at school , being very cautious with it , the screen cracked . i have no i dea how . the screen is sooo0o0o weak.In conclusion , this is an amazing product , so by all means buy it . But pleeasseeeee buy a very strong case for it . and keep the p -LSB- lastic film 0o0n the surface when it comes !
 This is a great product at a great price . I 'm a first time buyer of an ipod and it worth every penny I 've paid .
 I was real excited to open presents on Christmas morning and find the one thing I wanted ... an iPod ! All in all I love it ! But here are some things you need to keep in mind : It 's small and fragile - I love the size , cuz I can put it in my purse , no more crappy CD player ! But I highly recommend getting a case as soon as you get it.Earphones suck - This may just be me , but I ca n't stand those ear buds . With the soft covers they came with , at least it 's tolerable . If you really ca n't stand them , I would recommend using your own earphones that you 're used to.Battery life is short - The battery life is only good for about a day . If you 're like me , you 'll use it up every day ! I would recommend charging it every night.Well there you go . It 's a great product , you just got ta take care of it !
 Yes , it 's shiny , and may show scratches , but this is not an object you throw around ? right ? I love this version , and I 've bought 3 others as gifts . I prefer this one so it will fit into the iMac extreme/neoprene sleeve . The one you can wear on your arm or wrist during workouts . I was worried the 2nd generation version was too thin to stay in the armband .
 I love my new Apple 4 GB iPod Nano Black in most respects . But clearly Apple clearly has a problem with these devices unexpectedly going into `` Alvin and the Chipmunks '' mode -LRB- unintelligibly high-speed playback -RRB- . This is the second one in a row I 've had with this problem . And I 've seen a lot of feedback on this in their forum . I think the problem is in the software , and so that holds out some hope that Apple may have a fix for it . In the meantime , I just stop and restart when that happens.I mostly listen to audiobooks ; and the iPod nano is otherwise great for this purpose . In particular , I exploit very frequently the ability to re-position myself -LRB- down to the second -RRB- within the current book at any time . That 's an invaluable feature that I have n't seen on any MP3 players .
 I already have the Ipod video and decided to buy the nano to have something smaller and more compact in which I could also run with . I really like the compact size of the nano . I recommend also getting the hard clear case for it to protect the ipod .
 I thought about purchasing the larger ipod , because let 's face it , for $ 50 more or so you jump to 30 Gigs but am so glad I did n't . I can take this thing anywhere and it amazes me how many songs I can put on there . I also ordered the armband which I have n't used yet . I would say do n't order the armband . When I ordered , I selected the Super Free Shipping and it told me my order would arrive within 10 days . Actually , my order arrived on the third day . Thanks Amazon !
 I 'm happy with the product . Easy to use , super small , and portable . A little pricey compared to other mp3 's of similar size and features but i-tunes software is convenient . I would recommend purchasing the crystal protector set from Apple to protect from scratches .
 So far this is a big improvement over the mini . It is much smaller but the display has more info and is clearer . It tells you whether you are in shuffle mode or regular and it also tells the album of the song that is playing.No real complaints . One minor annoyance , Apple includes a case in the package that is totally useless .
 I have a 4 GB Black Ipod Nano . I love it . Do n't get scared because it gets many scratches . I was aware of the complaints and I left the plastic covering on the Nano . The screen is just as clear as it is without the covering . I had an Video Ipod , but it died on me after 7 months . Although the video held more songs , the Nano did not have a hard drive . This is what made me buy the Nano ; instead of another Video . In case you did n't know by now it has flash memory , so you do n't have to worry about getting your hard drive ruined . For some odd reason I 'm getting close to 14 hours on my Ipod , usually people are complaining about the battery life , but i 'm happy with the battery life.Both the Video and Nano have color screens , and they can also hold photos . They both have click wheels.Advantages with Video - Hold more songs -LRB- 30 & 60 GB -RRB- - Duh ... . plays videos & moviesDisadvanges with video - lighter than the older generation of Ipods , but much heavier than the Nano - Hard Drive -LRB- I can be very clumsy -RRB- - movies can drain the battery drastically -LRB- what 's the point of having your Harry Potter movies on it if you ca n't catch all of it on one charge -RRB- - scratches -LRB- I had to learn the hard way . I left the plastic cover the Nano and I do n't have to worry about scratches -RRB- Adavantages with Nano - far from the weight of the video - duh ... . very small - flash memoryDisadvatages with Nano - can only hold up to 4 GB -LRB- 1000 songs -RRB- -LRB- Despite some people , most of us do n't even need all the memory -RRB- - no video playback -LRB- Who wants to look at movie on that small screen , anyway -RRB- - I happy with my battery life but ... . if you do n't look at any movies or videos on the Video , you 'll have the same battery life as the nano . -LRB- I would expect since the Nano is smaller it would have better battery life than the Video , not exactly -RRB- - scratches -LRB- Even though I learn my lesson with the Video and I left the plastic cover on , I know people have this problem -RRB- Overall I prefer the Nano mainly because of the flash memory , not the size . If Apple would create a Nano -LRB- 1,2,4 GB -RRB- that can hold as much songs as the Video -LRB- 30 & 60 GB -RRB- then I would be first in line at Walmart at 3 AMThank you for reading my review .
 I am very pleased with my ipod nano . It arrived quickly and efficiently . The only issue was that my charger never arrived . So I had to contact customer service who sent me another one .
 I am enjoying my new black iPod Nano a great deal , and I wish I 'd been able to get one before now . The sound quality is excellent , and the iPod itself is relatively easy to use.I have a little difficulty reading the screen because my vision is poor . However , I am usually able to make out the menu items even without glasses , and the click wheel is very easy to use.My husband and I had some difficulty with using iTunes . We did n't know that we needed to create separate playlists for the two of us , so all of my song choices were also copying onto his iPod when he would update it . We have pretty much decided to look for a Dummies book on iPod use so we can have a clearer idea of how to use iTunes and how to transfer songs from CD to the iPod.Overall , however , this is an excellent product .
 It 's small light and easy to use . I love it !
 The nano ipod is really an innovation ... the sleek , stylish , and slim design paired with an astounding 4GB of memory is really something to behold . The only problem is that the black version smudges and scratches easily ... not a product for clumsy people .
 I purchased it as a gift . The recipient loves it .
 Hey if you are looking for a good mp3 player this is the one to go with . For me I ca n't fill 60 or 40 gigs of memory with songs and 4 gigs is just fine with me . Also I know this may sound corny but there is a site that give these things away . I know you should be skeptical because hey its a kid and why should we trust him ? Well do you trust g4tv or the new york times well they sponser this site so try it out on this site -LSB- ... -RSB- please try it you got nothing to lose .
 Overall , I am pleased with the performance of the Nano . However , I feel that the sound is a bit flat without activating the EQ functions . The biggest disappointment is the battery life . From full charge with sounds off and backlight at 5 seconds and few activations , I am only getting slightly less than 5 hours of life . Not that big a deal since I do not anticipate using it for long stretches . Hopefully it will not get worse .
 I like the nano . I was originally a shuffle owner but it crapped and I traded -LRB- thank you extended warranty -RRB- for a Nano . If I hadnt had the credit , I would think the Nano to be a little pricey , but there is a premium for flash-based players.A few things : Just as everyone else has said , the plexi-glass-like face scratches if you look at it funny . I wrap it in single layer of glad wrap -LRB- leaving the ends open -RRB- and it seems to work fine ; apple aint getting my $ 30 for a piece of plastic , aint no way.Battery life is markedly lower than advertised 14 + / - hours . Seems to hold around the advertised amount of songs.Funny enough , my biggest complaint is the weight . Yeh its light relative to the ipod 20/30 G . But it is 2X heavier than the shuff . And I think it is unnessarily so . The shuff is basically all plastic which makes it incredibly light , which I loved . The nano has a metal back to stay consistent with the other ipod designs . This , I think has made it heavier and also contributes to the breaks on impact when dropped . I would love to see a feather-light plastic-back nano , thats my only beef.Oh , yeah dont get black it shows all kinds of finger prints etc. . Stick with the white baby . Also , the black comes with white earphones not black , way to think that one through , Apple .
 The product is very good and for such a little piece of equipment the sound is very good . The user manual leaves a lot to be desired as I did not find it very ueseful . For some reason , the program went bad and I had to erase all the memory and start over . The fact that we lost all we has saved was annoying but we still do like the product
 This ipod is amazing , this is my first ever ipod and i love it!the very touch sensitive click wheel is amazing ! i love this ipod so much , the storage is good.So far i have over 200 songs , and am still filling it ! i have a few photos , contacts , and notes etc. this is the most beautiful ipod i have ever seen in my life , and since i heard about how it is scratch prone i have left the screen guard on , i got 2 cases . -LRB- armband , flip case -RRB- . Plus the regular one that came with the nano , this ipod is the coolest , sleekest ipod i have ever seen , the songs are perfect and the photos are magnificant , i would recomend this to anyone looking for a slightly but pretty durable ipod that is thin , sleek , and for those of you -LRB- us -RRB- that do n't need -LRB- or know -RRB- 15,000 songs.Black is a beautiful color and i have never seen white which i suspect is just as breath taking ... anyway before i get lost in my words im going to get back to my ipod.Thanks for your time .
 I bought this iPod Nano for my 14 year old and he loves it , it 's so small and sounds so clear , unbelievable .
 the ipod nano rox , the only downside is that it smudges to easily -LRB- but really easy to clean -RRB- and the black nano might be a little bit more revealing of damage . but for the idiot who complained about to many scratches , apple was aware of this , they said that 1 % of their nano 's were manufactured incorectly , so they said that if you call them , they will replace it for you , so all those dam commities against ipods , are idiots
 I really love ipod nano . It is way better than the ipod mini.If have the ipod mini you should sell it and get the ipod nano . I am 100 % positive that you will truly love the ipod nano more than the ipod mini .
 The black nano is two times better than the mini that my friend has.Its a lot more powerful and looks cooler and it does n't scratch .
 I got the black version , and a clear acrylic case to cover it . Even with the case on , its still very cool and very small.I like it , and have only one problem with it , that the battery lasts only 4-6 hours if you access the menus or pix . Apple claims `` up to '' 14 hours , so I ca n't fault them . Just be aware fooling with it will drain the battery faster , and you 'll need an adapter or a computer with USB hookup to charge it again.I 'm sure some people are hardcore and have their ipod hooked up to their computer every day , so it wo n't be a problem for most.The battery issue is just something to keep in mind if you take it on a trip.other than that , even though the screen is small , I like being able to put pictures on it . The screen is big enough for viewing the music info though .
 The iPod nano is exactly what Apple should have been working on instead of the Shuffle . I 've purchased several Shuffles for myself and my family , and absolutely love them . But , I have the same compliants as everyone else , no screen , small capacity , different accessories from other iPods , etc. . The nano addresses all of these concerns without sacrificing the sound quality that first drew to the Shuffle.The nano 's small size , vibrant color screen , standard iPod connector , long battery life , and large song capacity make it the most attractive option in the iPod line . The lack of moving parts inside improve the sound quality , battery life , and durability of the device -LRB- it uses solid-state memory like the Shuffle , instead of a micro-disk like the larger iPods -RRB- . Additionally , the color screen , photo llbrary , and built-in Podcast support are welcome features.The nano does suffer from the one drawback inherited from it 's larger cousins - the device is beautiful , but the case tarnishes and scratches easily . I 'm looking forward to purchasing the iPod nano `` tubes '' to cover and protect my nano once Apple releases them.Overall , the best technology value I 've encountered in a long time .
 I love my ipod , got this one cause it was easier to bring to the gym with me , the only thing is 350 songs actually fill it up pretty past , I ca n't imagine how it would hold 1000 songs , but thats ok , it 's cool , the black one -LRB- which I have -RRB- does scratch easy , but besides that , I 've been pretty happy with this little thing .
 The iPod Nano is a miniature version of the discontinued iPod Mini + iPod Photo . It plays like a regular iPod in a compact little package . The only thing I did n't like was that the screen got scratched up when I put it in my pocket the first week . The screen is VERY fragile .
 this was overall the best mp3 player i 've owned . It was easy to navigate , had a relatively long battery life , color screen , and more . It worked great together with itunes . The only drawback was fragility , but it was nothing a good case could n't fix . PROTECT THE SCREEN ! if you do n't , it will get scratched and maybe broken , pricy to fix . A great line of accessories , also . The new line of 2nd generation nanos have new and better features , but i 'm sticking with my 4 gig because it is tired , true and still going strong after a year . Make sure you read the instructions for valuable info on how to reset and other much-needed things . Also , one last thing . If you have just switched to itunes seven and it prompts you to download new ipod software , make sure your songs are backed up because it erases them . Have Fun !
 So , I really love the ipod ... only thing is the earbuds are white . I realize this is the `` signature '' of the ipod 's , however they just do n't match . Wish the buds were black . Other than that , easy to use , easy to figure out . Oh , one minor annoyance , you have to constantly flip the `` hold '' switch to keep your ipod from randomly changing songs/settings -LRB- the wheel is very sensitive -RRB- , and then switch it again when you do want to change a song etc. . Otherwise Love It !!
 I just got back from a trip to Europe and I must say I love almost everything about my nano . The battery lasted the entire 12 hour journey with room to spare . The size is terrific for travel -- no larger than a small stack of business cards . Sound is great and the flash allows for near instant response and mega durability.The only negatives are that it scratches a tad easily and I wish the screen was a bit bigger or it had video out ... next version I hope . All in all , I 'm really happy I bought my nano .
 I just go the iPod Nano today , and so far I 'm loving it ! The whole thing looks surreal -LRB- to amazing to be real -RRB- . The Nano plays like a dream . The controls and menus are the same as the original iPod and the iPod mini . The player is so small too , smaller then the pictures lead you to believe ! I only have two really big complaints .1 -RRB- The black does show every minuet scratch , and scratching it is not hard . I have n't scratched mine yet , but a few of my friends have . I am going to try keeping the temporary clear plastic cover on the front of the player . Hopefully the scratched will only be on the plastic and when the Nano Tubs come out I can just peal off the plastic and slid it in . I think Apples decision to release the Nano Tubes 4 weeks after releasing the iPod Nano was a really stupid one ! 2 -RRB- The Black iPod nano comes with WHITE EAR BUDS !!! The ear buds are the same ones you get with all the other iPods . I mean come on , if you are going to make a black iPod Nano then at least make the ear buds match . It kind of ruins the whole black look when it has this white wire coming out of it . Everyone that has looked at it said , `` What 's up with the white buds ? They do n't go ! `` It 's easy to operate and fun to play around with . The thing does feel flimsy but I have n't accidentally test its durability yet so I 'll have to get back to you on that one . Over all I do like my iPod Nano , I just wish I could protect it from getting damaged.BEWARE THE BLACK IPOD NANO HAS WHITE EAR BUDS !!!!!
 The iPod nano is quite simply the best digital audio player -LRB- DAP -RRB- on the market for mass transit commuters , particularly when it 's coupled with the Apple Lanyward Headphones for the iPod nano . I have found larger DAPs to be cumbersome and difficult to manipulate . I 've always found the wiring of the earbuds and the weight of my previous iPod to be especially annoying . I now carry the nano around my neck suspended from the lanyard headphones and tuck it underneath my clothing and rarely notice it 's presence . To control it , I simply slide my hand under my jacket or shirt to adjust the volume , pause the audio , or flip tracks . The quality of the audio easily rivals any existing Apple iPod and certainly all other brands of music player . The screen is also very bright , and crisp . I initially kept the peel away plastic coating on my nano due to the many reports of easy scratching . I recently encased it in the Agent 18 clear plastic case and have been very happy with it since it works nicely with the lanyard . I take the nano out of the case occasionally to examine it for scratches and it 's in great shape ! The battery life is also excellent since I only need to charge my nano every 3-4 days - listening to it for about 2-3 hours daily . The only downside to the nano is its capacity of 4GB , but I 've become accustomed to more carefully managing my playlists . This is hands down my favorite gadget of 2005 .
 The black iPod Nano is perhaps the most slick portable music player I have ever seen . It looks far better than its white version , but it does scratch easily . If you want a good and sleek music player that lasts long and continues to look good , I would suggest wait till its accessories come to the market -LRB- most importantly , durable covers similar to the ones for the Mini -RRB- . I would think they should be hitting the market fairly soon . However , if you want a new toy to brag to your friends about , get it now before every other person is seen with it ! -LRB- PS
 BACKGROUND
 I bought this for my 12 year old son for his birthday . He loves it and takes it everywhere . I borrowed it for a car trip . Plugged it into the aux in my car and was jammin ' away . I WANT ONE!Love the size and portability . No CD 's to scratch and mess with . Great audio option .
 I bought these two IPODs as gifts . I love mine so much , that I just had to share them with a couple of people I know .
 It is all you expect it to be , not less not more . Thats about it .
 When one finds the iPod line has n't changed much in a while , just wait a few days , and you are likely to be blown off your feat . Apple is constantly innovating , and pushing the limit , in order to bring you the world 's greatest products.The iPod Nano may well be one of the most impressive products ever produced , by Apple Computer . The iPod Mini was the best selling iPod , making the iPod Mini the best selling portable music player , in the world . In fact , it had only be released in January 2004 , and it was updated in early 2005 . However , in September 2005 , Apple decided it was going to stop producing the iPod Mini . Why ? They had something better
 I love this damn thing !! I no longer have to carry a bulky cd case or get pissed because my cd started skipping or drop my cds or keep switching cds everytime my mood changed , ahhh , i could go on and on . I bring it everywhere , especially to work so I can listen to my micheal jackson when someone starts yelling at me ! At first I was skeptical that I 'd spent too much money on a music player , but then I considered all i 've spent on batteries and replacing my cd player or buying cds . This is well worth the price . AND It 's a perfect way to ignore people ! I 'm just trying to control myself so I wo n't start dancing like a buffon in the streets ... I sing at the top of my lungs when i 'm alone though , hehe .
 People who are saying the sound quality on the Nano is excellent obviously have n't had much to compare it to . The Ipod Nano itself , the construction , software , and ease of use is very good . The capacity is great for such a little flashed based device . However , I own an Iriver IFP-999 and the sound quality is leaps and bounds ahead of the Nano . Iriver players offer 3d sound capability which the Ipod does not . This feature significantly improves your audio experience especially if you own high end earphones -LRB- like Shure , Etc , -RRB- . You have to hear it to believe it , the difference is quite astonishing . Also , I noticed that the Nano tends to have distortion on songs which need some bass like Dance , house , and hip hop . It also tends to distort at high volumes with regular music . The EQ on the Nano works ok but I tried every setting and still could not get it close to sounding half as good as the Iriver . The Nano 's sound quality is just good . If the quality of sound is not your top priority then I would say go with the Nano . If you already own an Iriver and are thinking to go the Ipod route you will be dissapointed if sound quality is most important to you . Its a shame b/c I would of liked to have 4 gigs capacity and I do like the software on the apple but I am too spoiled with the Irivers sound . I still give it 4 stars due to the fact that its so mall and looks really sexy . Software works flawlessy as well .
 I was a bit dubious about buying a product from Apple , since an apple computer my sister owned crashed twice , even after extensive bug searching . However , I was pleasently surprised at the quality of the product . However , I give it only four stars for only a couple of reasons . First , the directions were n't as clear a I hoped them to be . I hooked up the iPod before installing the iPod software . Big no-no . IT gave my computer a massive system error-which fixed itself thank god - and I had to wait for six hours for the battery to run down before I could get it to work . A sticker on the inside saying something like `` WARNING ! CONNECTING THE NANO TO YOUR COMPUTER WILL GIVE YOUR COMPUTER A SYSTEM ERROR AND POSSIBLY MAKE YOU GO INSANE '' That 'd be great . But , aside from that and a few small tics over the durability of the iPod , I loved the little gizmo to death.When I opened the little box with the nano inside , the nano was so thin-because it was slightly sunk in to the case-that I thought it was a picture of the nono , to whet my apppetite for tech . Apple is n't lying . It is actually slightly SMALLER than a number two pencil in width . Because it 's so small , you do n't even have to buy an armband for it . Just stick it through a belt buckle and it 's snug and tight.You can waste away hours listening to music , viewing photo slide shows -LRB- on a side note , I still have n't figured out how to get photos onto the thing -RRB- and playing the incredibly addictive games . And with 14 hours of battery life , this thing just keeps going and going.The screen is excellent as well . Though it is small-only 1.5 inches diagonally-it 's bright , colorful , vid and the image on it jumps out at you.And again , this machine is simply beautiful . Although tiny , it still packs a wallop and is definitely worth the rather large price .
 I have had my iPod Nano for about a week now and I really like it . My first impression of it was how small it was . Small enough but not to small , they struck a good balance with the Nano . The screen is a very resolution so it can show more information than the larger screen on the mini , not to mention that it 's also in color . The sound quality is great and it has a very good range of volume levels . This player is another good one from Apple and an improvement over the mini . My only problem I have with Nano is that any finger prints shows up on the black surface and the shiny metal back . The black surface is very easy to scratch . But overall a great product .
 Elegant design , easy to use , only downside is there are better versions on the market now .
 I love it . It 's an amazing product , so comfortable and easy-to-use and with incredible functionality .
 It holds up with quality . Partnered with the nike pedometer add-on , it has been a good addition to my brother 's workout routine .
 Have always been a loyal creative customer till now . Apple has redefined the mp3 player space , with this release . A 4gb flash player for 250 dollars is a really good deal , considering other vendors currently sell a 1 GB flash player for 120 bucks . Samsung has provided a sweet deal to Apple , allowing them to price the player at such aggressive terms . The biggest surprise of this player is the nice lcd screen that comes with it . It is very sharp and very clear . Apple should update the ipod nano , to allow it to host video clips on it . Nano has an included solitaire game , that is very sharp and clear on the LCD screen . Nano will shake up this space , and will quickly become the defacto king of music player space . Though in the long run , there is no reason , why cell phones will not have 4 GB flash chips to hold the songs , video clips etc. . I bought the black nano , which interestingly was shipped directly from shenzen , china . I recommend the white nano instead , as the black color shows the fingerprint imprints very easily . Highly recommended . Apple should have included a case with it , as it is so small , that U can lose it very easily .
 I am the type of person that needs things compact and easy to utilize . I rapidly have to switch from listening to music at work , at the gym , on the go , and to relax . This small yet compact iPod is great for listening to music without knowing you have it attached to you . I highly recommend this over any other MP3 player.E.G .
 I got the Nano and ordered an acrylic cover for it from agent18.com . This is the best cover I have seen . It completely protects the nano - especially the screen . Check it out .
 First I had the mini . . now I have the nano . So lightweight I do n't even `` feel it '' when I a wearing it during workouts . Sound quality . . top notch . Caveat
 I thought I should add my comments to the other 6 billion just to cover it all . I have owned my Black Nano for a few weeks now and its my first . I have owned a few other playes in the past -LRB- mostly from Creative -RRB- but have not really liked them usually due to the capacity of them . I got my Nano and removed the packing like I was doing open heart surgery . My first impression was `` Damn this thing is small '' . I connected it to my PC -LRB- sorry not a Mac convert yet , baby steps -RRB- and itstall itunes and almost returned the thing . I hate itunes the interface sucks , I had trouble getting music on the ipod and it made the whole process of getting such a great item stink . I guess one of the reasons is that I have a laptop and no mouse so I use the trackball function and it is difficult to drag stuff so I typically use shortcuts on the keyboard . Yes I know since I am a itunes nube I am missing something but hey Apple is suppose to be easy and it wasnt . Since this is a review on the iPod and not the software I will say something about it.It scratches easily !! -LRB- you do n't have to know who Steve Jobs is to know this thing is delicate -RRB- Do yourself a favor and buy a case for it the same time you buy the player . The player does come with a small sleeve but it is dumb and you would do better off with something else . The interface is fairly easy to use but a little touchy . I have not found it yet but the light it bright on it so bright if you are listening to music in bed your best to not look at it when you change songs . There you go you might as well buy it weather you need it or not its history and it looks good .
 Just about everyone has heard of the popular iPod . Now that music is changing to the mp3 format CD sales are down and CD players are becoming something along the lines of the cassete players . Programs like Napster and iTunes are where people are getting their music now . When mp3 players first came out the orginal iPod was real popular . Now it 's a huge icon when it comes to music . Some people get them just for the cool factor . While they are hip they are also the best mp3 player on the market . They also have the best music program , iTunes . After about 7 different versions Apple has released the iPod Nano which replaces the ultra popular iPod Mini . Many people are wondering if they should fork over another 250 dollars to get the new Nano . Well my answer is yes . The Nano supports photos which the mini did n't . It also has a color screen . It is also about half the size and is much sleeker than the kiddy styled mini . I was lucky enough to get one of the rare black iPod Nano 4GB version . I love the interface on the device . It is extremely easy to use and the little gadget also has some games . I do not know if Apple will let you download more games in the future through iTunes but if they do it would be pretty neat . Like I said earlier iTunes is the best mp3 program around . The iPod 's only downfall is that it only supports mp3 . No WMA for all you WMA fans . It is mainly designed that way so you have to use iTunes . I can understand that in a way but people with the Windows ME operating system are stuck in the cold . It only supports Windows XP/2000 and of course Mac . There are some third party programs but I do n't think they are very reliable . The iPod Nano comes in three sizes . 4GB , 2GB , and 1GB . Which holds 1000 , 500 , and 250 songs . The prices are from 150 to 250 . They are well priced for such a wonderful device . I really recommend this deivce .
 Man , this thing is the bomb ! Easy to use , although I 'm doing so unconventionally , great for the gym . Because of the reviews I read , I bought the Belkin silicone sleeve to protect it from scratches which also came with a `` screen saver '' , so to speak , and an arm band . Software is cake compared to the Samsung yepp that made quite the sound as it hit the bottom of my trash can !! -LRB- that 's the best sound it ever made ! -RRB- I 'm sorry I waited to long to cross over to the dark side !!
 Like Homer Simpson , I am not easily impressed . But the Nano has left me totally amazed . I have books and music loaded into mine and find the ease of going from one to the other is actually fun . THE SOUND IS AMAZING !! I followed the suggestions of several other raters and bought a protective case . So now worries there .
 Who cares if it gets a few scratches ... It is by far the best looking MP3 player on the market . Not to mention it is easy to use even being that small . I love it for jogging . Downfalls are that I wish it had more storage space , I 'm finding it hard to choose what to take off when I buy new songs
 -LSB- ... -RSB- The nano scratches no more easily than any previous iPod . I have had mine for a couple of weeks and have yet to see a blemish on it . If you take care of your iPod , it will take care of you . Keep it in a safe place , store it in a case or a cloth bag of some sort when you are n't using it , and clean it occasionally with a microfiber cloth -- these are the steps I have taken to keep the various iPods I have owned clean and blemish-free . Common sense will keep it -LRB- and all of your electronics , for that matter -RRB- healthy and easy on the eyes!An example
 I recently purchased the Apple 4 GB iPod Nano Black and am very happy with this purchase . It met all of my expectations for the iPod . It has good battery life -LRB- about 3 hours -RRB- , good organization of songs -LRB- by album , song , or artist -RRB- , and is VERY transportable and compact . The only thing I do n't like is that the black edition smudges easily , which is easily fixable with a case.Overall , I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 This is my second product from Apple -LRB- the first was a 3rd Gen ipod -RRB- , and I must say , I 'm impressed with its sound quality and style . Since I was a college student , I got a pretty good 20 % discount on ipod . The sound quality is good , when using good headphones , though understand that high-powered full size headphones require power ... something the nano can not always provide . Thus , there may be a lack of oomph when using such Headphones . The back case , though beautiful and can act as a good , quick mirror , is a horrible fingerprint magnet.As usual with any popular product , there are hacks available for the ipod nano ... such as video and game playing abilities -LRB- linux only -RRB- .
 i just got my black 4 gb nano yesterday and i luv it !! its small , easy to use , and the color screen is really awesum ! theres only a few things that could b better-1 . fingerprints show up verry easily on them especially the black , and like i said before , ive only had it for a day and it already has a scratch . . so i think u should get a case when you but it .2 . it doesnt come with any instructions so if you dont already know how to use itunes and how to add songs to the nano then you might want to learn how ... -LRB- my sister has a mini so i already knew how to use it -RRB- 3 . the battery only lasts about 2 days ... besides those things im very glad i bought this ! its worth the money !
 The ipod Nano is everything you could want in a personal media player , but Ouch ! Those earbuds are torture devices . You 'd think that a company capable of the ipod technology could design a better bud . There 's just nothing about the structure of the human outer ear that works with the shape of the buds that come out of the box . After paying the hefty price for the 4 gig model , I felt a little miffed at having to go pay for better earpieces from another company .
 I recieved my Nano for my birthday and I love it . It holds all of my music and looks really cool . It is easy to use and has a lot of fuctions like world clock , games , contacts and schedule . I have had it for about a month and it has no scratches . It is an AWSOME product and I would recomend it to anyone . : -RRB-
 The nano is a great mp3 player . The size is just amazing . The photos make it look much bigger than it really is . The color screen is very sharp and clear . The screen is small , but you wouldnt have any problem with it . Very sleek and thin . SOund quality is great . It does NOT come with a dock . And it does not have a outlet charger . It does work seamlessly wit itunes . Great music player .
 iPod nano is a god send . No bulky CDs to lug around , it 's so compact . I love it !
 I thought this iPod craze was just that ... the next Elmo ... Boy was I wrong . I just got my first one from Amazon yesterday and I am totally addicted . So is my wife . And it 's motivating me to get my fat butt to the gym!My only complaint is that the iTunes site is a little hard to navigate b/c it is just too busy . iTunes needs to learn the less-is-more approach mastered by our dear friends at Google .
 My wife has a Ipod Mini and I wanted one from the moment I saw it . When the Nano came out I decided to get one . I love it and have used it alot already with no problems .
 I am loving my ipod nano . It is so small and light and the sound is great ! I have just one suggestion
 This is one of the coolest toys I think Ive ever owned ! Its so tiny , but the sound is huge . Great battery life . Its not even remotely as easy to scratch up as the media is saying . Dont worry about that . Get a case if you have the money , if not befriend a girl who takes yasmin . The case they come in is perfect size , complete with protective sleeve . Otherwise , this is a great buy . I totally recommend .
 This is a nifty little device . The only advice I would give about it is to go to Apple 's website to order it , because you now have the option on their site to get a Project RED iPod.A number of companies are participating in Project RED by donating a percentage of their profits towards the purchase of anti-retroviral drugs to help fight AIDS in Africa . The Project RED iPod is also bright red , which also stirs awareness for the cause , as I believe red iPods are otherwise unheard of.So , yeah . Get an iPod , listen to your tunes , download my band when our album comes out . And , while you 're at it , do something good for other people -LRB- apart from Apple 's shareholders , who I 'm sure are doing just fine -RRB- . Support the cause .
 This is such a lovely piece of equipment , i 've owned this for like 8months now and i think i can review it fairly . This device has accompanied me in the worst conditions and it has never let me down , it looks great , sounds great , and most of all is so tiny and light u do n't even feel it in ur pocket . I 've jogged with it i 've ran with it its really great . The only withdraw with it and this is why i 'm giving it a four star is the battery , i wish the battery would stay a little bit longer than it does . They say 14hrs on the apple website but that is n't true if u count the time u waste searching for a particular song or changing from one album to the other or one artist to the other it 'll end up like in 8hrs . Also i wished that apple would supply more accessories with it . Like come on ? why does n't it come with a decent protective case and a power adapter ? it just is n't fair . A piece of advice if u are buying it , get a protective case it 'll save u so much trouble , it 'll break ur heart if it gets scratched , there are plenty of nice cases around the web .
 I got a black ipod nano for Christmas and while I already love the thing to death , I am extremely irrate at the fact that one -LRB- front -RRB- corner looks like I took sandpaper to it . It 's only been in my coat pocket with nothing but earbud headphones . I wish I 'd known about the scratch issue otherwise I would n't have taken it out of the box until I got a screen protector.I do n't care how careful you are , BUY A COVER FOR IT !
 The Nano is great , I absolutely am a huge fan of it . With flash drives manufactured by Samsung , it offers great durability . So no more spinning components , as your data is stored in its flash drive.Of the old i-Pods that break , it is mostly due to a burned out hard drive . Flash drives will certainly offer us people the durability . Some testers have gone as far as dropping it out of a 2 story house and also dropped it out of a car going 30 mph , and while it did away with the screen , the drive was still intact and running . As far as scratches , I would recommend keeping it out of your pockets -LRB- especially your back pockets , if you were to sit down , that would not be good ! -RRB- , away from any objects such as keys and coins . At 1.5 oz. , it is not exactly a tank , but also not brittle . Also get a plastic clear cover -LRB- with screen and scroll coverage -RRB- to avoid any scratches , after all , you will be viewing great quality color . I would recommend getting a cover ASAP . Check out www.decalgirl.com for a great selection of plastic covers , they are only a few dollars . I would recommend a clear one if you want to still `` look '' at the beautiful nano . I usually wear it around my neck , as its real light -LRB- fits great in a shirt pocket -RRB- , and what a better way to floss your newest Apple toy . Industry sources have noted that Apple bought out Samsung 's overstock of 2 and 4 gigabyte flash drives , and rumor has it that Samsung is manufacturing 16 gigabyte versions as we speak.Be sure to look out for 16 gigabyte nanos in the near future . Bravo to Steve Jobs on another great creation , `` I am truly smitten . ''
 I 've had my nano for a week and a half now and am loving it . It is so tiny that I can carry it in my wallet - but it is still sized well to hold comfortably in the hand . The sound quality and output is excelent . The black does show fingerprints and scratches easily , but it just looks way to cool . It is comfortable to use and the screen -LRB- though slightly smaller than the other ipods -RRB- is very crisp and easy to read . Navigation with the clickwheel is just as easy as the larger ipods . And I actually like the headphone port on the bottom better than on top -LRB- and I do n't use a lanyard -RRB- - it just makes more sense-it takes some getting use to , but once you do , you 'll love it just as much as you like everything else about the Nano . This thing is super durable and you do n't need to worry about breaking it . Some complain about the price , but really , it is an excellent buy - you 're paying for
 hope this nano iPod would still be on sale ... I don-t like the new one . . too small ...
 I love my ipod . It is stylish , easy to use , and serves its purpose well . All in all an awesome music player .
 It is a wonderful tool for music on the go . My wife and I were travelling to Bali via Singapore , and it was music to her ears !! The only area that I would like to see an improvement on is the user 's Manual . Where is it ? We had it on disc , but it would be preferable to be in a quick guide handbook , a la , cell phone manuals `` Getting started '' . A quick guide for `` Dummies '' to transferring music from CD to iPod would be helpful .
 Why would I want anything more ? It holds 1,000 songs . Ever thought how long it would take you to listen to 1,000 songs ? I can store millions on my PC and change the Nano 's content when ever I need to . If I want to watch video I will watch it on my TV . This versatile little item takes a lot of licks , holds more than enough music form my purposes and is extremly light . Best of all I can plug it up to noise cancelling headphones when on flights , my car stereo and my sound system at home.My only concern is how to get the battery changed when it needs to be . But I guess the Apple Store will sort that one out when it comes time .
 This nano is one of the smallest players on the market today . Despite the small form factor , at 4GB the iPod nano holds more than any other flash player out there , and comes in a package nearly a third the size of other MP3 players with the same storage capacity.Pros
 This was the old version of the Nano . The new version has the battery that last much longer .
 I bought this iPod Nano for my daughter , since she was always using mine . We love them . Small , lightweight , easy to use . Definately the top of the line when it comes to ` mp3 ' players .
 The first review I saw on this site was disappointingly unrealistic . It stated the black Nano iPod scratches easily . I 've owned one since they came out , and any scratches I 've acquired were justly deserved by my throwing it in with PowerBook security cables and firewire cables in my backpack . I 've read that some LIMITED number of the Nano 's did have some extra vulnerability to scratching , but Apple has been replacing them , and no more are manufactured . Now to the real praise
 Arthur C Clarke once said `` Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic '' , and my reaction to this little device encapsulates that . When I first got it , I would often just peer at it as I used it , utterly uncomprehnding of how something so tiny could contain such storage capacity , a screen , a click wheel , * and * a long-lived battery.I have yet to encounter durability issues , but this is a new aquisition , and I 've handled it gently in light of that . I also wo n't waste time re-capping what other reviewers have said.I will , however , add that the click-wheel is a bit too sensitive for my tastes . When kept in a pocket , fabric brushing against it as you move can cause sudden and uncomfortable increases in volume.However , that aside , it 's a great little gizmo .
 I was not interested in getting an iPod before this was given to me as a gift . It has been a phenomenal aid in running , weightlifting , and other exercises . Also , the podcasts -LRB- broadcasts for the iPod -RRB- from various sources -LRB- my favorite is Vatican Radio -RRB- keep me informed on various things in the world when I 'm unable to keep up with the news . Though it does scratch easily , I got an iSkin that seems to keep it from receiving any harsh damage . I love it !
 Well , really this is a great purchased . I love the product , I feel very confortable with the item . The only complain that I have is regarding to the new model that is now about 8 GB and the price is better than the one I bought . Mine cost me 234 dollars and is 4 GB and the 8GB cost about the same . I know that matter does not have anything to do with you , but I want it yo mentioned because maybe another customer have to take care about this.Thanks a lot .
 The first units display died within three weeks . It had dead lines through it . However , Amazon.com sent a replacement BEFORE I returned to defective one . Either way , this is a really cool player and my daughter is enjoying the hell out of it !!
 I am a tech idiot and put off buying an iPod for the longest time . I finally took the plunge and bought one of these sleek devices . I also bought the accessories so I could enjoy it at work , in my car , etc.But do n't forget your music . I have 1000 CDs and there was no way I could get all those songs on the iPod by myself -- takes way too long . So , if you buy this , also buy the AWAKEN service that will rip all your CDs and load them on your iPod in about a week.I 'm one happy camper .
 After having many troubles with my Creative Zen Micro it felt amazing to have a mp3 player that actually worked in my hands ! I have been so happy with my nano.Sound - Great ! The volume controls are simple to use and the nano has never froze on me.Music space - I am in aw by the amount of music you fit in this little thing ! I mean I bet in the next three years I could fill the whole thing but 1 -RRB- Im probably going to get a new ipod within the next three years and 2 -RRB- you can delete songs so with the possiabilty of fitting 1,000 songs I think this is enough for anyone.Size - At first it seems really small and you feel like its going to break everytime you touch it but then you get used to it . I have dropped mine 2 times and it only has a few fingerprints . The iPod Nano also fits easily into your hand.Durablity - I do have to admit that it does get stracted and smudged easily but that problem can easily be fixed by a cheap little caseSoftware - SO EASY ! Just follow the insturctions and its snap . Just insert the cd and set it up then restart the computer and then when you start it up again itunes is ready to go!The one problem - I wish it had a better battery ! I can only listen to musuic for about 6 hours before needing to charge it.Overall I am serioulsy loving my first apple product . Its easy to use and great fun !
 I bought an ipod nano at Best Buy , a 4gb one that costs 250 $ . I bought the insurance and bought the holder so it would n't break . It looked awsome and i was ready to jam!I hooked it up to my comp , loaded on about 500 or more song and a few pictures and started jamming , it rules . When u played a song u could look at the album cover , play games , or look at pictures u put in there . It was the best ipod yet.But then i realized it is fragile . Without a case if u drop it on a carpet it will scratch it or might ever crack it . But i always keep the protective case on . With the case this thing is the best ipod yet , and it holds just the right amount of songs , 1,000 songs.All in all i think its awsome . I highly reccomend it to any one who wants to update there ipod or wants an ipod nano , but make sure u BUY ! the protective case or u will end up breaking it . If u want something cheaper get an ipod mini 6 or 4 gb , they are still good and are very sturdy .
 I really do like this . My dilema is that I do n't know how to work it !!! People just say `` Oh it 's easy '' well maybe for them ! It would have been nice to have some directions or even where I can get some . The shipping person was great . This is my only dilema . Thanx
 I 've been through ALOT of MP3 players over the years , and they never did satisfy me like the many iPods my freinds let me see . After yet another broken MP3 Player , I just said the hell with it and decided to buy an iPod for myself . I 've heard and read mixed reveiws about iPods , bad and good , and im not too big on money right now , so I decided to start off with the dated but still reliable iPod Nano 1st Generation . It came today and I think i 've toyed with it enough to base my reveiw on . The iPod itself looks incredible , and I perfer this design over the newer smaller box design they have now . I do however suggest you buy a case when you first buy it because this thing is a finger print magnet , and the shiny back part can get EASILY scratched . This is the first iPod to feature a color screen , and it looks good still after being released almost seven years ago . The sound quality is real good , the best i 've had , however it can get loud , which is why they allow you to set a limit on the volume if you have concerns about your hearing . The battery life is good but could be better . I 'd say you can get about four or five hours out of this thing with daily usage , -LRB- Like me I listen to music all day -RRB- . If you use it occasionally , and not excessivly switch through songs and play with the color screen , you might be able to strech out the battery life a bit . It also features games which are somewhat entertaining , but thats not the reason I bought this iPod , strickly music for me . Overall a good experience so far with my first iPod . Im already planning to buy the famous iPod Touch in the future . 5/5 .
 It may be an older model iPod Nano , but for the price it 's great and works like new . I 'd purchase from this vendor again .
 This iPod in my opinion is the best.I have the iPod touch 3G , and iPod nano 5G and the iPod 1G is the bestSome people said that it is easy to break but mine , is fine , is waterlogged and I crashed it like hundred times but it stills work perfect . I have this iPod since 2005 and I recommend it .
 I got this as a free gift from my aunt last month , and it is so far a pretty good IPod , with a few annoying flaws , but it does its job well . It stores music and is easy to access the menus and go through the screens . This IPod is n't anything special outside holding music , considering it has no camera , it has few extra features , and has poor battery life compared to the classic and newer models . The battery life is the worst problem since I can not get this thing to last half a day without it running out , which only consists of maybe 5 hours of listening to music . Half the time the screen is even off . The storage space is pretty small , but if you do n't listen to a lot of music , or just want to use this for a few playlists/occasions , this can hold around 300 average length songs . So in the end , I would probably recommend a newer generation nano such as 4th or 5th gen which can hold up to 16GB , but the sound quality is good and the menu is easy to navigate , and for the price you pay , it does its job pretty well . If you are a complete music whore , I would go with a classic or even touch , but I might go for the nano if I needed a cheap IPod that is light weight and can store enough songs for an important occasion .
 when I rec 'd it looked new and rec 'd a case for it and arm band . very happyand would buy from amazon again .
 i have a mini but wow ... some of my friends have one of these and they 're so tiny and really cool !! i hope i get one for my birthday because i < 3 it !!
 If you 're reading this review , you 're likely preparing yourself to buy one of the COOLEST and Most Powerful electronic products ever to hit the market . It does n't matter whether you 've been familiar with Apple products since you were a child , or whether you 're the kind of person that just likes to keep up with the very latest electronic marvels on the market-in either case you 'll be extremely satisfied with your new iPOD.I fell in love with it before I even made the purchase . I read the reviews and did as much research as possible and then waited for it to come on the market . It 's truly one of the best purchases I 've ever made . It 's also a purchase where I feel I got a true `` Bang For My Buck ! `` Apple produced another wonder in the electronic marketplace . You might be buying this for yourself or thinking of buying it for someone that you Really , Really care about . Either way , you 're making a purchase that you can feel mighty happy about and for a long time to come . If you 're worried that you will not be able to keep up with the latest technology and want to wait for the next version-join the rest of us but please use this review to make you feel even better about buying your brand new Apple 4 GB iPOD Nano.The Apple 4 Gigabyte iPOD Nano is pencil thin-like and it also happens to just `` look good ! '' I wanted to write a very honest review that would hopefully help everyone , especially those that are `` on the fence '' and need just a little nudge from somone who understands technology and knows when he spots a great deal . It also happens to come from someone who never really cared for Apple computers , however I 'd be crazy to let my computer preference get in the way of an awesome and affordable product-the Apple iPOD 4 GB Nano ! I 've grown to really appreciate Apple computers and the iPOD 4 GB Nano takes my relationship to a whole new level.There is plenty of information available to you in regard to the specifications of the new iPOD . You can simply go to GOOGLE and find thousands of bits and pieces of information that will be helpful in making your purchase , but I think it 's sometimes beneficial to hear from someone who HAS the product and wants to share his/her own personal experience with it . Please remember to always take all the time you need to make your purchase , whether it is for yourself or if you 're purchasing it as a gift . I just ca n't imagine how excited someone would be to open a package and find an APPLE iPOD 4 GB Nano wrapped inside the bubble packaging!You 'll learn all about the 1000 Songs it can store and play , along with it 's ability to play a musical slideshow with up to 25,000 photos ! Does n't that ALONE sound incredible ? It can store thousands of contact information and even act as a stopwatch or world clock . The display is beyond what I ever imagined in something this size . You 'll soon learn that you can organize all of your music by several different categories . For example , mine has a category for easy listening music that I enjoy listening to and I can even separate the easy listening music by artist or album.There are too many features to mention . As I 'm trying to conclude this review I keep getting bombarded , in my mind , with additional features like the great games that are included . Can you believe that all of this techbology and great sound can fit into one product . Apple did a great job and I ca n't wait to finish this review so I can ride my bike and listen to my newly categorized music on my Brand New Apple 4 GB iPOD Nano.Thanks for reading my review and for allowing me to try to give you some additional and helpful information-at least in part . I appreciate your time and would be happy to entertain any questions at my email address , HORSEPETE@aol.com.Sincerely,Pete CanniceScottsdale , Arizona -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The nano is definitely the way to go . I 've got room for 1000 songs - who needs anymore ? I just put my favorite songs on there and am up to 175 or so -LRB- as of 11/9/06 -RRB- . I think the black ipods look more elegant than the white ones , plus they seem to be less common . :D Which is good. :D I love the size and the simplicity of the process . Of course , it 's NOT the ipod to watch movies on because the screen is so small , but even the video ipods have smaller screens . If you 're gon na watch a movie , watch it on a TV.Everyone wishes for an everlasting battery , but this battery is not bad . Mine is relatively new , and I 've heard that the battery juice goes down with age , but right now I 'm very happy with the life of the battery . I do n't use the ipod for hours on end - I DO have a social life .
 I 've only had it for three days but we 're already inseparable . Why four stars then?The Good : The best thing about the iPod nano is the tiny size and the ease of use . The click wheel - a wonderfully responsive , touch-sensitive feature , allows you to scroll thru menus , songs , and change the volume all with the thumb of one hand while cradling it in the palm . The menus are all fairly intuitive too so you can figure this thing out right out of the box . Even if you ca n't it does come with a quick start booklet to guide you . You 'll also want to check out the sixty-odd page features guide that 's included on the CDROM this ipod comes with.The Bad : The headphones it comes with are terrible - uncomfortably hard for one thing , and the large rounds were clearly not designed to fit easily in the average human 's ears . They would n't go in even if forced , and my ears are n't particularly small . Luckily I have Sony earbuds that provide far superior comfort and sound quality . Also , my nano is black and the provided headphones are white . Eek ! That 's the high-tech equivalent of wearing white shoes with black stockings . -LRB- You 'll find that a lot , if not all , of the ipod accessories are also white , like the tiny USB Power adaptor you might find yourself wanting if you go on vacation , etc. and are n't dragging your computer with you , and you want to recharge your iPod 's batteries by just plugging it into a wall -RRB- . Another reason for deducting a star - batteries drain out quickly if you play a game while listening to music -LRB- probably because the backlight has to stay on constantly or you ca n't see what you 're playing ; this is a huge drain on power -RRB- . When I 'm just playing songs and not doing anything else , the battery icon reflects a full charge far longer than if I 'm multi-tasking with it , so it might be true that you can get 14 hours -LRB- just playing music -RRB- as Apple claims before having to recharge.As a lot of people know by now , certain stuff you 'd want to come with the iPod does n't , like the USB wall charger , and Apple charges thirty bucks for that ! That 's another reason for a missing star.The Stuff You Should Know : Some tips for preserving battery life are available on apple.com but I will just include them here so you do n't have to hunt this down.Set the backlight to go off after no longer than ten secondsTurn the equalizer -LRB- EQ -RRB- to `` flat '' to override any EQ settings you made in iTunes -LRB- for some reason this is also a drain on batteries -RRB- Make playlists in iTunes before downloading songs to your iPod -LRB- it 's especially nice to have pre-organized playlists when you 're stuck on a plane , etc. as you will save yourself the need to constantly use the fast forward button to skip around and search for songs , which is another big drain on power -RRB- . You can also just scroll through your library without fast forwarding , as songs are fairly easy to find . But playlists just make life easier.Consider compressing audio files before downloading them . You can find out about that on apple.com and search on iPod and iTunes support . If , like me , you already have a library full of audio files over the suggested maximum of 9MB , I am not sure what you can do about that!All in all , it 's a great thing to have . I plan to expand on this with a Bose iPod sound dock and get the most out of my nano that I possibly can .
 Having used a black 4gb nano for the past few months , I have scant few complaints . The screen is phoenominal , the size is amazing , it sounds great and holds my entire library of awesome music . You 'd be hard pressed to find a cooler gadget than this , and technically speaking I 've had no problems . Battery life is about 10 hours off and on , which is totally fine by my book . The one complaint I do have is that it is quite prone to scratches , I 'd invest in a clear plastic coating for frontal protection , or perhaps the Agent 18 shield -LRB- which I have and love -RRB- to protect it from a hurricane . If you are even considering getting this iPod , do it . You WILL NOT regret it .
 With the Nano 's release I saw the perfect replacement for my aging iPod Mini . I 'm rarely this pleased with purchases . Simply put , this iPod is superior in every way . Prehaps most importantly is the Nano 's weight and size . Looking at pictures does n't do it justice , you have to really hold one in your hand to realize its true size . I found the lighter weight was a noticable improvement over the Mini when I 'm out running . Additionally the battery life is superior and the screen is sharper and brighter -LRB- not to mention being in color . -RRB- While I had read some warnings about the ease of scratching the screen I 've yet to have this happen . Additionally the price of these Nano 's is higher than the Mini 's they 're replacing . Overall another excellent product from Apple .
 The iPod nano is the gutsy move by Apple to replace their bestselling iPod mini . What will previous generation iPod and iPod mini owners think of the nano?Pros : * Flash memory , not hardrive based which means no moving parts and no skipping or momentary delays when selecting a new track * Incredibly thin . The commercials do n't do it justice , you have to feel it to believe it * Sexy new black option without including Bono worship * Lots of new features , a world clock with all sorts of timezone , a screen lock to keep out iPod leeches , and a stopwatch . * Lovely color screen * Built tough , will survive all sorts of drops . The exception is the scratching on the Lucite . You most likely wo n't bend it sitting on it.Cons : * Shows scratches much more readily than the iPod mini 's brushed steel look . * Fairly expensive for the capacity . 2 gigs for $ 200 and 4 gigs for $ 250 , a bit disappointing for those who were expecting a 6 gig flash release from Apple * Screen is too small to show detail in pictures * No firewire port * No TV outlet for showing off pictures yet * So thin you might leave it in your jeans ... through the washer and dryer cycle.I highly recommend buying the iPod nano , especially for iPod mini owners . Its great for gym and travelling and other bumpy rides . I also recommend getting a case for it so you do n't get it all scratched up .
 Just received my Nano from Apple and was very impressed at first sight . Of course the design is great , since this seems to be Apple 's highest priority with it 's products . I skipped on buying any of the previous iPod versions since the third generation model of the original -LRB- just before the `` click-wheel '' was introduced -RRB- . I was waiting for something to justify spending so much money on so little memory -LRB- my cd collection is HUGE so 4 GB is a drop in the proverbial bucket -RRB- and I decided this was it.I love practically everything about this product . The screen is great and I have n't had the problems others have reported -LRB- although I 'm treating it with kid-gloves -RRB- . I have left on the protective plastic film that comes on iPods until I can pick up some sleeves , and this has prevented any scratching . In fact , everything on this is great except for ... THE MAJOR PROBLEM -- Transfering songs is amazingly slow because it does n't support FireWire . Perhaps i 'm spoiled but the USB connection is so noticeably slower that I have can not give it a full fledged 100 % , gotta-go-get-it recommendation . I guess it 's okay if you do n't constantly fill it with new music , but since I do , I tend to care about this issue more perhaps than others . I 'm hoping this can somehow be changed in the future , but until then I 'll still use my old , big iPod for traveling when I need to take a lot of new music and files with me and my Nano for going around the city -LRB- NYC -RRB- casually.Other than that , the black Nano is probably the coolest thing i 've purchased in the last year . I just hope they do n't try to make it any smaller because then no one will be able to read the screen .
 It looks great , it sounds great , it has go-anywhere-but-in-the-water practicality . But there is no longer any excuse for Apple to make iPods that scratch as soon as you get them out of the box . There are now clear , scratch-proof coatings , such as the DURABIS polymer TDK has invented for blank DVDs , and Apple should be using them . iPods would keep their cool factor for a lot longer if they did n't get scratched up so quickly . Early reports suggest that the battery life meets the product specs , but it is important to keep an eye on this since Apple is not famous for being forthcoming about battery performance . iPod battery life has never been impressive at its best .
 In order to avoid scratches I used an adhesive Palm screen protector with excellent results . The click wheel works fine with the protector and it 's a cheap solution .
 I love the iPod . Always have . At home , we have five , including this one
 I bought a 4GB Nano because I wanted a flash player I could use while exercising , but that 's not the only reason . I also was curious about why the iPod in its various permutations has become such a cultural phenomenon . I 'm an older guy who can remember when the only `` portable player '' was a small Japanese transistor radio , so I 've seen a lot of changes in audio technology during my lifetime . The original Sony cassette Walkman was revolutionary in its day ; the first portable cd players , with their virtually nonexistent antiskip functions , were considered a marvel . We 've come a long way , baby.For years now I 've been content to use a good-quality portable cd player for my on-the-go music , along with Etymotic ER-4P canalphones , a tiny , twin earplug-like device that makes the headphones packaged with any commercial portable seem laughable by comparison . In the past few years , however , I have watched as the `` iPod revolution '' totally transformed the world of tiny audio , to the point where it 's now virtually impossible to find a portable cd player with good sound quality . Portable digital players rule!So I decided , what the hey , I 'll give this new technology a try ! I bought my Nano , along with a small leatherette case to ward off the apparently inevitable scratches this player suffers if you do n't cover it up with something protective . Proving that you can , in fact , teach an old dog new tricks , I quickly learned how to use the iTunes software , and I began loading my cd 's onto my computer hard drive and , in turn , into my Nano 's flash memory.Two weeks into this Brave New World of Nano , my verdict is mostly positive , but definitely mixed . First of all , this thing is , indeed , FUN . Having a tiny , card-like device packed with hundreds of songs -LRB- or classical `` movements '' -RRB- induces a definite feeling of power and control . At your fingertips ! The fact that you can create `` playlists , '' add or remove music quickly using the provided USB connection cord , and adjust the EQ with a just a few touches of the `` clickwheel , '' induces near-giddiness sometimes . The battery life is impressive ; it 's not the 14 hours Apple claims , but it 's lengthy enough that one seldom has to worry about the battery running down unexpectedly.I have n't loaded any digital photos , podcasts or audiobooks , but hey , I feel good knowing that I can!So indeed , I think I understand why people are so smitten with this little gem of a device . HOWEVER -- the news is n't all good , and the most significant `` bad news '' involves what I consider to be the bottom line for any device that plays music , i.e. , the sound quality . Most people `` rip '' and encode their music either as Mp3 or AAC files . By eliminating what is considered `` less important '' music information , these compression systems allow digitized versions of musical files to be far smaller than the full versions represented most commonly by WAV files . It 's through the use of file compression that one can fit the advertised `` 1000 songs '' on a 4GB Nano.Although some fans of compressed formats swear that no human being can tell the difference between compressed and uncompressed musical formats , do n't believe it . The old saying , `` there 's no such thing as a free lunch '' definitely applies here . Fortunately , you can choose to eschew file compression by navigating into the iTunes software and selecting to encode music using `` Apple lossless format . '' All iPod owners actually should do this at least once , encoding the same song using both AAC and `` lossless '' technology , so that they can discern whether the difference is significant to them . To me , it is , so for much of my music I have chosen to use the `` lossless '' format , meaning that I do n't get nearly as many minutes of music on my Nano as I would have using AAC.But the fact is that even using `` lossless '' format , the sound quality is not quite equal to that exhibited by even a fairly inexpensive portable cd player . I 'm probably nitpicking here , but prospective buyers of this device should know that one is , in fact , trading audio quality for small size , convenience , and design `` cool . '' Caveat Emptor.Two more points regarding sound quality
 I received a 4gb black Nano as a gift -LRB- from my boss - how cool is that ? -RRB- . I like it a lot , but my disappointment with its flaws would be a lot stronger if I 'd shelled out $ 250 for it.The good points we all know about
 Let me start by saying that I 'm coming to the iPod Nano from the world of flash MP3 players , this is my first iPod because I was waiting for Apple to make a decent flash MP3 ... and they 've finally done it ! So here are the things I love about my iPod Nano after about a month of use :1 -RRB- Making playlists on iTunes , this is a wonderful feature that you just do n't find outside the iPod world ! 2 -RRB- Beauty , the iPod Nano is without doubt the sexiest MP3 player alive today . Apple really knows how to make beautiful products .3 -RRB- Sound is great .4 -RRB- Love that click wheel thing , another great idea by Apple .5 -RRB- Beautiful big color display makes navigation easy and fun .6 -RRB- Good battery life.I know much of that is old hat to the iPod world , but for me coming from a world of Muvo 's and iAudio these are wonderful features . Now for the bad news , why I did n't give the Nano a 5:1 -RRB- Fragile !! Does n't Apple understand that part of the appeal of a flash player is ruggedness ? I 'm scared to take this thing outside or even put it in my pocket without protection . . I immediately went out and spent another $ 30 for a decent case which leads to2 -RRB- Where are the accessories ? My iAudio 's and Muvos came with cases and lanyards and armbands . iPod Nano
 The nano is not features heavy since it was designed for frequent use of its key function , which is playing music . In that respect , I 've found everything about the nano to be designed for greatest convenience . I own an older player with a radio and voice recorder , which I thought would be really cool , but I never use those features with any frequency for them to be worth it.Initially I was annoyed that I could n't nest folders/playlists , but I realized that the automatic iPod categories such as Artist and Album are a much better idea since it is easier to scroll through long lists with the excellent and responsive clickwheel than it would be to scroll and click through various nested folders . More importantly , the clickwheel is the only design I 've seen that allows the user to access every feature without changing hand position or using two hands . The simple design also minimizes the need to feel out which button to press . It is , however , a bit easy to accidentally turn up the volume , so using the hold button is not really optional.The LCD is beautiful , though sometimes I wish I could adjust the backlight brightness to conserve battery , since the default setting seems to be an ` under direct sunlight ' setting that is almost like a flashlight in complete darkness . I just adjusted the backlight timer to the shortest possible , so it is not a big deal.Battery life is around 7 hours for me -LRB- with frequent skipping and volume adjustment -RRB- , which is good enough considering it is a lithium ion rechargeable . I have not found the charge to be long at all . The first charge was less than 3 hours and subsequent `` fill ` er up '' charges -LRB- the battery is usually halfway drained -RRB- have been only a hour or so . At any rate , my computer is always on at some point during the day and it 's a simple matter of remembering to plug the iPod in while I 'm on the computer . If I go on a trip , I always take CDs and a CD player just in case I end up purchasing a CD on the trip and want to hear it , so I have n't felt the need for the power adaptor.Uploading music has also not taken as long as I feared it would . Ripping tracks into the format I wanted was the real time-consuming part , but uploading to the iPod took only a few minutes -LRB- for the 4GB model -RRB- . The only explanation I can think of for the long charges and uploads is that possibly the USB port on the computer being used is USB 1.0 instead of USB 2.0 , which is the optimal speed for the nano . I use the iPod primarily as a temporary high-quality repository for songs that I feel like listening to at the moment and I change the playlists pretty often , so maybe I do n't mind the frequent computer connection as much as some others.If I were to really nitpick , the nano is n't my ideal player , but there are no ideal players on the market , and for a flash player of its design , storage capacity and physical size , it 's well worth it , especially considering that the customer support for other players seems non existant . I read many reviews before purchasing my nano and the other choices seemed far riskier , what with short warranties , easily broken parts , unpredictable touchpad sensitivity , and software/firmware craziness.I 've used iTunes on PC as well as Mac , and it 's never given me any trouble . It 's true that there are things that you ca n't change about it - like appearance - but I have n't encountered another music playing software with search -LRB- this is why mp3s need to have info entered -RRB- and sharing functions that are as convenient and powerful . Furthermore , at least you can uninstall iTunes on a PC , which is more than I can say for WMP on a Mac . Again , iTunes is not perfect , but I 'm not so stubborn that I ca n't adjust.As for the scratching issue , it sounds like people are looking to buy a piece of jewelry , not a music player . I have a black nano , and yes , there are very slight scuff marks on it , but that 's what you would expect from normal use for any piece of plastic . Functionality is n't affected in any way , and that 's the real reason to buy this player . Personally I like to carry mine in a coat or a shirt pocket , where there is n't as much movement and wear as a pants pocket.I 'm not sure why people expect Apple to refund or replace their dropped nanos . The manual for any electronic device will state dropping it is a disaster and not covered under warranty . You can not drop a product you 're not supposed to drop and expect the company to accept responsibility . It 's unreasonable to expect the sort of treatment people seem to be demanding . Apple has been very accomodating so far and in general their customer service is far better than that of most other large corporations . Let 's not kid ourselves ; $ 250 is a lot , but in the consumer electronics market , it 's hardly high-end . If you suspect the nano will be too small and fragile for you , or if you 've dropped other portables before , simply do not buy one . The nano was meant to be small , not rugged .
 First the good , then the bad.After using this for a week I still can not believe the incredibly tiny size !! I know it 's hardly any shorter than the iPod Mini and not that much narrower , but believe me ... the thinness of the device REALLY makes it feel small and it is incredibly lightweight . I can have it in the shirt pocket of my SILK shirt and it is n't even noticeable!As for durability , I have n't had it long enough -LRB- or tried dropping it -RRB- to find out , but I read an online review of the iPod Nano recently and they put it through all kinds of abuse and it still worked . Anyway , even though it is so tiny and lightweight , it actually still feels like a well constructed , solid , good-quality device . It does n't feel cheap at all.Just so you know ... THE SCRATCHING ISSUE IS NOT A PROBLEM anymore . I was told that it was just the first run of iPod Nanos produced that had this issue . The one I bought is fine . I 've been carrying it around for days now and there are no scratches . There are , however , a multitude of fingerprints all over it -LRB- they are most noticeable on the silver back -RRB- but no scratches yet -LRB- knock on wood ! -RRB- At least the fingerprints are removable!Now , I ca n't really comment too much on the battery life because I never use it for more than a couple of hours before I connect it to the computer again -LRB- and of course , this charges it -RRB- . But just as a test I tried setting the screen backlight to `` always on '' and setting it on repeat play , and it still took several hours to drain the battery . And I usually have the backlight turned off -LRB- set so it only turns on when I hold down the menu button -RRB- because the color screen is actually still reasonably visible under average lighting conditions -LRB- like on the bus , etc. -RRB- without using the backlight at all . This should extend battery life significantly.But ... there are a few things I do n't like about the iPod Nano . First of all , I find that if I use any of the EQ effects -LRB- especially Bass Booster -RRB- , over half of my songs are distorted . And I know that this is not a result of the MP3 files being ripped improperly because they have always played fine on any of my previous MP3 players -LRB- non-iPods -RRB- , with various sets of headphones . I bought a 20GB iPod about 2.5 years ago which had this same problem so I took it back and decided not to buy iPods for a while . When I bought the iPod Nano I was assuming that they would have fixed this problem by now , but I guess not . But , since I REALLY love the tinyness of the iPod Nano and ca n't resist it , I 've decided to live with keeping my EQ effects `` off '' to avoid the distortion . I 'm going to see if I can get some better headphones with more bass.Another thing I do n't like is that the iPod Nano can not play regular AAC files that were created with another program . It will only play AAC files -LRB- . M4A -RRB- that were either purchased online through the iTunes store , or ripped from a CD using iTunes . This normally would n't be such a big deal except that I had prepared the AAC files ahead of time . Since I had to wait a couple of weeks for a 4GB iPod Nano to be in stock , and I had read that the iPod Nano could play AAC files , I spent a lot of time converting all my 128kbps MP3 files to 64kbps AAC files -LRB- so I could still fit most of my music collection on the Nano -RRB- . After all this work , I discovered that the iPod Nano could n't play them and am in the midst of re-encoding them from CD . And to make matters worse , since all my original CDs are in storage since I moved , for each album I have to burn an audio CD-RW first , then label all the tracks manually and rip it again through the iTunes software . I would think that for any previous iPod owner this probably wo n't be an issue if you 've already got your AAC files , unless you want to change to a different bitrate . Personally , I can hardly notice a difference in the sound quality between my 128kbps MP3 's and 64kbps AAC 's , so having this option is a definite plus for me.One thing to keep in mind if you purchase an iPod Nano
 Okay , I admit , I like gadgets . Most guys do . I ordered my 4GB Black iPod Nano directly from Apple - because they offer free personalized laser engraving and free shipping . Also , I got $ 20 off the price by using the educational discount . Search for it on the Apple site - it 's not real obvious at first but it could save you a few bucks . I do n't even rememeber if I had to enter my student ID number . I heard you can ask for the educational discount at the Apple stores as well.I placed my order and tracked my iPod Nano all the way from Shenzen China to California -LRB- only 3 days -RRB- . First impression
 Apple has announced new nano models , and one of them is an 8 GB version for the SAME price as the previous 4 GB version . The case is now to made of anodized aluminum -- eliminating the complaint of scratches . Longer battery life , too .
 I placed an order for the White Nano on Amazon . When it arrived I could not properly install the device on my PC . I received several `` file is corrupt '' messages . Throughout the many installation attempts the nano kept powering on and off . I gave in and called Apple Support ; I was stunned to find out that nano owners are only ` allowed ' one free support phone call - that 's definitely a sour apple . I was walked through the installation process and the nano seemed to be behaving itself . After charging and transferring songs over to the iPod I disconnected it and headed out . * The nano was defective-music would play for somewhere between 14seconds-to 60seconds then power off !! Much swearing and several temper fits later I called Amazon . I did not want to call Apple again as I have read several times that all replacements from Apple are formerly defective iPods that have been refurbished ; for my $ 250 bucks I did n't want to inherit someone else 's CrApple ! Amazon cheerfully agreed to send me a replacement -LRB- black nano-white was not available for 1-2 weeks -RRB- at no additional charge , and even refunded my original shipping that I paid . Best part is , I received the replacement THE NEXT DAY ... Replacement works flawlessly , iTunes and iPod work together seamlessly . There has been much chatter about scratches , I 've left the original plastic film on it and have had no problems-even the metal back has not scratched.I will definitely continue to use Amazon . .
 You have to physically handle and hold the new iPod Nano to believe it is real . It is approximately 1 ounce in weight , so almost unnoticable on your person - whether it 's in a pocket or an armband . The small color screen is stunningly brilliant in brightness and color definition.The black iPod shows fingerprints more prominently than the white version - but ooh la la , it is most sexilicious to look at ! I 'd personally love to see one of these in red as well.Because they are so new , third party vendors have n't had much of a chance to make cases and other products for the Nano.There are only a handful of already existing products out there that are already compatible with the Nano ... Available FM Transmitters : Forget the iTrip and those of that ilk - current versions wo n't work with the Nano . Your choices for now are the Belkin -LRB- which is buggy -RRB- and the Monster iCar Play Plus . The Monster version is n't cheap , but it 's an integrated charger and FM transmitter and is one of the best out there.Available Cases : The Apple branded armband - looks like a glorified bandaid in the case , but looks decent when you wear itApple branded Tubes - good luck finding one , most Apple Stores still have n't gotten any in stockApple branded iPod Socks - designed for the older iPods , they work fine with the Nano - but can cause minor scratchesAvailable Speakers that Charge : The JBL OnStage - fits fine , sounds greatThe Bose Sound Dock - is visibly off-center , but fits fine , sounds freakin ' awesomeAltec Lancing 's IM3 for full and mini - fits but sound is lacklusterKlipsch - sounds great ... Nano is greatly dwarfed , however by such large equipment ... akin to building a superdome around a book of matches.By the time you read this review , 10 other vendors will have probably already submitted their patents and copyrights to lawyers for new gizmos.Apple has announced that the new configuration of how the Nano connection is set up will be the NEW standard for all forthcoming iPods ... this will help vendors make products more quickly and without quaking in their boots that by the time they get something to market , it will be outdated - and should encourage lots of new development like we have yet to have seen thus far in the iPod accessory industry.The Nano adds a World Clock , a stop watch and a combination lock to the `` extras '' menu . The famous silver back collects scratches and fingerprints exactly like its counterparts - but this is a known - get a case to protect your investment . Contrary to what another reviewer posted , the Nano is not `` fragile '' - far from it . There are no moving parts - so you could probably use this as a hacky-sack for an hour without fazing it.At least one consumer has published their own abuse study of the Nano , running it over with a car and throwing it from a moving car at 55mph before finally rendering it useless after a 40 foot drop onto cement . The screen makes it a tad more vulnerable than the shuffle ... but it 's a sturdy piece of industrial art.My less than perfect rating is for the following :1 . -RRB- No firewire support - even if you have a dock connector to firewire cable , you wo n't be able to use it - it is USB 2.0 only . What is Apple thinking ? Hello ! Remember your loyal Mac users who prefer FireWire ? 2 . -RRB- Sole earphone jack is too close to dock connector - using a splitter probably precludes charging it at the same time .3 . -RRB- No extra jack or connector on flipside so remote can be added while it charges ... so if and when the vendors make recorders , remotes and other goodies for the Nano , you wo n't be able to use them in tandem with a charging solution .4 . -RRB- No bluetooth . Why is this an issue ? More and more items are becoming BT enabled . One application I can think of right now is a Nano finder . The Nano is almost weightless and very thin - if you misplace it , how are you going to find it ? If it had BT and you had -LRB- for example -RRB- a Nano finder on a keychain , clicking it could send a signal to your Nano to make audible clicks . Just an idea . This review loses a star for the other reasons , however , not this one ... but come on , Apple ! 5 . -RRB- Still no way to get custom logo engraving via Apple unless you 're a corporation with a large order ... third party vendors are now doing laser engraving so you can put photos of pets , kids , yourself , your logo , etc. on the back of your iPod - but Apple offers no such solution . Considering that stamps.com allows you to make your own legal US postage with a photo of your pet , and they are able to prevent porn and other objectionable imagery through , there is no reason why Apple can not make this accommodation .6 . -RRB- Limited -LRB- still ! -RRB- photo capabilites . Compact Flash cards are like diamonds - the bigger they are , the more they are per carat -LRB- or rather , per MB -RRB- . The iPod Photo camera connector connects a camera just fine - but not to the Nano ! There is no explanation for this - it still uses a dock connector , but wo n't work w / the Nano . The camera connector is n't that great to begin with , because you can ONLY use it to connect an iPod to a camera , not to a compact flash or multi reader ... so if you 're out in the field taking photos , you ca n't take them until your photos download and you waste your battery in your camera . If you could attach a card reader to the connector and download photos for storage on your iPod while simultaneously shooting more photos with your camera using a different card so you can swap without losing precious shooting time . Camera connector shortcomings notwithstanding , it does n't work with the Nano . I know I already stated this , but I 'm still frustrated.The part of me that loves Apple 's innovative technology and design wanted to give this incredible gizmo 5 stars - but there is still overt room for improvement and I know Apple can do this !
 I love this ipod it 's small and its a traveling stereo it is awesome
 The iPod Nano 4GB Black model is amazing , iPod 's are now the ` must-own ' gadgets . Forget the bulky 20GB or the mediocre mini the Nano is something else . It is so small and you do n't even realise that it 's there . The sound quality is amazing as well . You will need a skin/screen protector for it because it does scratch easily and has a higher chance of breaking than any other iPod . Apart from that it is a little dynamo . I personally have the 4GB because I think it 's better value for money . I also wanted the black one because it is unique and different . Now I 'm not being racist but Apple could face some controversy for racialising their iPod 's , but anyhow I am a fan of iPods now and everything about them is perfect . Except the shuffle which is a waste of money !!
 Wonderful design . Aesthetically appealing . The quality of the sound is excelllent . Size is amazing ... . the screen is wonderful ... the list goes on ... HOWEVER ... . in order to do anything , you have to go through iTunes , and there 's no direct mapping of ripped files and folders to transfer ... Album covers are not automatically retrieved like MS Media player .
 Creative et al may as well give up now heh heh . To think Bill Gates said the iPod fad will die down , well no-one , but no-one has got has got the Apple cool factor right now . And it has style AND substance .
 Not really under 13 ... but i was too lazy to sighn up for an account ... so lets get to the point.I recieved my iPod nano today ; From me not even touching the box i knew it was a great product . The box is a simple very small box with a picture of it on it . All the accesories are in it and the Nano . The Nano is smaller then you 'd inmagine from the pictures . The sound qualitly made me dumbfounded , its just beutiful , vivid and rich . The screen quality is great not as good as a PSP 's but very good . The only downside is probably that when you transfer photos from a PC all the photos have to been in one folder or it will write over the old ones . Im very happy and recomend it .
 I was getting behind the times with my Cd player andsmall Rio.Everyone was on the Ipod kick and I wanted nothing of the big white box 's . When i saw the Nano I new it was for me . It took all my songs right away and the sound is the best I 've heard with just the head phones that come with it.It has all the photo and music functionality of the big units but a 4 gig space limit . For me that 's not a problem.I 'd recommend it for anyone with a shirt pocket and a need to not hear everyone around them .
 All iPods scratch . This one may be even more prone to scratches , but when you consider that this is an amazing leap in consumer electronics , it 's worth every penny . It is literaly 0.27 inches thin . I do have to agree this one scratches more , but all in all a very great piece of technology . If you take away the `` scratchability '' of this item , it is infact quite sturdy . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 By no means am I an iPod lover . For 3 years , I hated iPod and how much they were overrated . But after receiving this for a Christmas gift , I must admit , this is a brilliant piece of technology . It 's tiny , 4GB of FLASH MEMORY , and it 's beautiful . It does everything you want it to do.Now to the cons . As you have heard by now , it scratches easily . Apple `` fixed '' this problem by including a flimsy little sock . It prevents scratches , but it 's not very convenient to pull the Nano out of the sock everytime you want to do something . I personally bought the hard aluminum case from CoreCases.com and it works wonders . Also , the headphone jack placement is slightly annoying because it 's a little difficult to remove the charging plug with the headphones right next to it , but it does n't matter much . It 's good that you 're able to view photos on the Nano , but it 's pretty much useless because the screen is way too small to efficiently view photos . Also , like any mp3 player , crappy earbuds included . Go out and get some decent headphones . The thing that bugs me most is that you are unable to move songs off your iPod . I know Apple is concerned about music copyrighting , but it 's a little annoying if -LRB- like me -RRB- your computer crashed and you need to put your music back into your hard drive.There are many cons , but none very major . The pros outweigh the cons , so I give it 4/5 stars .
 I know that there are some questions about durability , but let me tell you my experience . I traveled back from San Diego with the nano in my pocket , and somehow those pants I was wearing got mixed up with others . 2 Days later I was looking for my nano and found in in the washed and dried pants . Although it shows a little wear and tear for it 's experience , -LRB- a few scratches to the metal back and a microscopic nick in the front -RRB- it amazingly still works with the exception of the backlight , which luckily i can fix . A great buy !
 Here is a quick review pretty much summing up what everyone is saying : Pros : - Very Tiny-Bright Colorful Screen-Great Sound-Awesome Cool Factor-Can view photos-Uses iTunes which is an amazing program that organizes all of your musicCons : - Fragile compared to other iPod units-Scratches very easily-Headphone jack at the bottom of the unit -LRB- this may not be a problem for all people -RRB- All and all , for a small Mp3 player thats tiny and holds a bunch of songs -LRB- around 1000 -RRB- then this player is by far the top of its class . I suggest getting some type of adhesive such as an `` Invisible Shield '' that will go over the ipod which will protect the nano from all scratches and is pretty much invisible to the naked eye .
 Bougth this unit to hide in my car and play though my stereo . Unreal sound and I have so much more music to choose from then my former 10 disc cd player .
 * I 'll start by countering the claims of the Nano being fragile ... on 3 occasions now I 've accidentally dropped mine from heights ranging from 25-40 ft in the air onto the forest floor -LRB- I work in trees -RRB- ... and each time there 's been NO HARM ! -LRB- note
 I do n't own the Apple Nano . My friend does and I used it enough to write an Amazon review about it.Sound Quality
 This is the coolest MP3 player I 've ever seen ! You wont believe how thin it is until you try to hold it on your palm ! Here are some reasons why I love this MP3 player : - Incredibly small , thin , and very light . - Well designed , fit on your palm , pocket , or pencil case . - High resolution colour screen , shows albumart , photos , and games in colors . - Superb sound . - Click wheel ; easy navigation as the original iPod . - New features : > World Clock > Stopwatch > Screen Lock - now with iTunes 5 , it 's easy to sync AddressBook , Calendar , etc between Ms Outlook and iPod nano . - with flash memory , the nano is 100 % skip free ; a true sport companion . - headphone jack at the bottom , making it easier to read the screen -LRB- without rotating it first -RRB- when we take the nano out from our jeans pocket.Although it comes with lots of advantages , yet : - 4 GB is the maximum capacity possible . - USB connection only . - No charger adapter , you should use the USB connection to recharge the battery . It means the computer or laptop should be around you . Make sure you bring your laptop on your vacation . - Only two colors available , black or white . No more pink , blue , green , etc.Accessories that you may like : - The lanyard . With this earphone , you can wear your iPod nano as necklace . No more tangle and you can change the music right away without reaching your pocket . - The silicon case . This silicon case comes in colors and will change the look of your iPod nano . It will also protect your iPod from scratches and prevents it from sliding on a tilted table or slipped out of your pocket when you 're sitting.Overall this is a really great product ! Before deciding to buy this MP3 player , make sure you have USB 2.0 on you computer or laptop . Some people had bought this nano and having USB 1 connection on their PC , making the song transfer a painful and time consuming process . It will takes hours to fill up your iPod nano with USB 1 . Therefore , the existance of USB 2.0 on your PC is crucial . Also , if you are frequent traveller , it is a good idea to buy another accessory for recharging the battery og your iPod without connecting it to PC . Otherwise , you will have to bring your laptop with you or look for PCs on your vacation to recharge your nano .
 The minute I got my Ipod Nano , I saw a clear cover . I thought about taking it off but I read all the reveiws . They all said do n't take the cover slip off and it wo n't scratch . I left it on and now it has no scratches . So here 's some good advice do not take the cover slip of the Nano . You may wa n't to but think about it you do n't want it looking like the 80 's MP3 player !!!
 I got the ipod nano for christmas and loved it!Because it is black smudges show easily . So I reccomend a leather flip case or folio case . But any should work . -LRB- The cheap tube like ones dont do much though . -RRB- Any way it holds lots of songs and pretty much never skips during a song . -LRB- hint if you want good songs try Limewire.com ! -RRB- But I have a problem with the little earphone covers falling off ! It has neat features like games , music quizes , photos and a stopwatch . The ipod nano has a screenlock where you pick a code and it locks it when u press the sreenlock button.So u can unlock it with your code!I thinks my nano is great and love it !
 I was the dvd junkie until my sister and I went on a trip and she introduced me to the world of IPOD . She has the IPOD mini , but I purchased the nano because I wanted soemthing that would go everywhere with me with ease . It is so small and compact that it fits into ANYTHING ! The sound is awesome and this thing in perfect for those music lovers who want user friendly devices . I am certainly getting my money 's worth !
 I enjoy using it in my Cessna 310 airplane when I fly on a cross country trip . I aso use it at the fitness center when I use the tred mill .
 I was going to love it forever , totally retro , awesome . Then Apple had to go and do that 1st gen iPod nano replacement program , after people 's batteries were blowing up . -LRB- All three of them that did -RRB- . So ... I weighed my options , sent it in , and now I have a watch . An iPod nano 6G , on a watch strap . Cheap way to do that . But the 1st gen iPod nano ? That was retro . I loved it , while it lasted .
 I bought mine off of Craigslist for 35 bucks , and I 've had it for well over two years with no problems , very worth it . It sounds great , and holds a good charge . I only wish I had gotten something with more space , but with the same quality .
 Puchased used and refurbished product and so far am pleased with it . The price was cheaper than buying a new product .
 I bought this iPod for my husband for Christmas this year , and he loves it ! He originally had a 1st generation with only 2GB . He was really just looking for something new that was very similar to that one . He did n't want one with all touch screen , and I was worried that that was all I was going to find . I was fortunate to find the next one up from his for a great price . Now he can listen to more music for longer that a day at best , and he can go through songs without having to worry about where he is touching on the screen . I will say that I 'm partial to the scroll wheel , too ! This was a great buy !
 I mostly use the Nano for working out . It 's so much better than using the 20GB or even the Mini . It 's so light and I barely notice it on my arm when working out.I will admit that it does scratch easily , but it 's not as much of a concern as the battery life . I feel like I am constantly recharging the battery , it makes me wonder how quickly the entire battery will just die before I have to get it replaced.Although , it 's not perfect , I love my Nano !
 I got this not knowing anything about IPods so when it arrived I was really lost but after reading the directions carefully , I finally got it all figured out !! I love having the ability to just upload any song I want and go !! Could n't do this with a CD player , unless you bought the whole CD and brought all the CDS with you!This IPOD is for anyone that loves to exercise , easy to take with you and makes time go by faster!I think you MUST get a case to protect it , it is very delicate ... Only thing I do n't like is how you control turning the volume up and down , the buttons are so touchy
 This is my first ipod and i love it so far . I do n't know why i just did ' t buy this earlier . I went through 3 mp3 players , all creative players . DONT GET CREATIVE . All of them broke down on me in 2 months . On to the actual ipod now.Pros : color screenphoto viewingnice sleek designitunes is simple to useeasy navagitionconssmudges easilyscarches easilyAs you can see , this ipod is a perfect mp3 player for anyone > The reason i gave it four stars is because the scratching issueAfter 3 days of babying my ipod , it had like a million scratches . But then i got it a case and and everything went fine . I wish this thing came with a wall charger . It would make things easier . I 'm not a fan of leaving on my computer on for three hours . But all in all this is a good player and i would reccomend it to any1 . This thing hasnt failed me yet .
 The ipod nano is a fantastic product . I 've had it for over 6 months and it is still running perfectly the same as I 've taken it out of the box . I have kept it in good condition , i.e. never dropped it , and also i still have the original plastic wrapper on , hehe . But I have a case for it so it does n't bother me . Anyways back to the nano . What I like about it is the size and capacity , which is a perfect blend for a perfect product . I store around 800 songs at a time which is good for taking it on the street car or to school and even on out-of-town trips . Many people speculate in considering to get the ipod video where there really is n't a reason getting it unless you need the higher capacity or video playback . But heres the good part , the ipod nano does video too . Thats right , the IPOD NANO DOES VIDEO . All you have to do is do a simple installation of ipod linux which comes with a video player . I store on average two music videos including my 800 songs , or if I want to dump some songs out i would put a south park episode which looks great by the way on the nano.Anyways , many people wonder about the ipod 's durability , and I would say that it is strong enough to last a while , unless you are one of those types of people that through around their gadgets.Pros : - Color screen - Great capacity for such a small device - Extremely thin - Somewhat durable -LRB- do n't believe all the haters out there -RRB- - Amazing GUI - Great synchronization software and speed - Never skips - Lasts as long as the other ipods -LRB- do n't know about shuffle -RRB- Cons : - It does scratch easily - Video buffer automatically turns off the video every 13 or so minutes -LRB- but I guess that 's linux 's fault , not the nano -RRB- Overall the ipod nano is a great product that I would recommend to anyone that wants the best in portable audio that is small , fast , user-friendly , and supercool ! -LRB- sound like a real fanboy there :P -RRB-
 I have owned a number of iPod 's over the years and this one has not disappointed . I bought it for use at the gym because it is small , lightweight and allows me to select albums or songs unlike the shuffle . As with the other iPod 's I have owned , this device was simple to setup and use . I would recommend it to anyone that wants an MP3 player for activities such as the gym , jogging or biking .
 I was n't too sure I had made the right decision buying a nano until the day it arrived ... I now refer to it as my best friend . I do n't think I go anywhere without it , and considering how small it is , its not hard to take with me everywhere I would go . Perfect for the gym , work , driving in the car , wherever !
 Let me just say that I had the ipod nano since around October 22 and I have never changed my opinion on it . Many people were complaining about the scratch issue before and it appears that it has faded away.It is not really a big deal if you only treat it well . I have kept the screen protector on for 3 months and also but the black incase flip case for it . Now I do n't have to worry about the condition about the ipod nano since I know it will be protected , and it is!The only reason why I have wrote this short review was just to tell people that it 's alright , the ipod nano is a strong piece of equipment that just has a fragile casing , but as long as you keep it protected , it would work and look good while doing it.The second thing that I should point out is that the stock white ipod headphones that come with the ipod nano and all ipods in that manner are garbage . The sound clarity and bass are not the best , or possibly the worst in that matter . They also break after a while and by break I mean crack or popped , and also for some reason the cable freezes in the cold . Just get a good pair of Sony 's MDR series or Sennsheiners and ur set.The last thing that I want to add is that since iPods are used for carrying large amounts of data -LRB- especially songs and photos -LRB- now videos -RRB- -RRB- it would be wise to have a backup of all the files . As some of you might know the supplied software itunes is the only software that works with ipods and it does not feature ipod to pc syncronization , which means that when your computer crashes , you would probably want to put the songs back onto is using your ipod . There are a few programs that help support this such as Anapod or XPlay 2 . I recommend xplay 2 since I got it free off limewire and it uses windows ' like interface.I managed to get all my songs back from my ipod to my computer using this , and you should to.So there 's my review . I highly recommeend buying the ipod nano since it is small and has large amounts of storage considering it 's size , just remember to buy a case , headphones , and sync software . : -RRB-
 I held out for an MP3 Player until the Nano - I wanted a small light player for running , and the Nano fit the bill . It is a fine little machine except for the battery life . For me , it has been nowhere near the 14 hours advertised , and I usually turn it on and let it play during my runs , so it is n't a too-much-fiddling problem . It usually runs out of juice in the 6-7 hour range . Not a show-stopper since I 'm not an ultra-marathoner -LRB- yet - ha ! -RRB- , but disappointing in light of everything else it offers . Based on research and comments on iPods in general , battery life seems to be an on-going problem with Apple . Hopefully , they 'll do the right thing and fix the problem , if not in a recall than in the future models .
 I 've never owned an iPod before , but this is really cool !! It 's very simple to use-I downloaded everything before the first two days . Music Quiz is really fun -LRB- it occupied my attention for 30 minutes -RRB- . Solitaire is also cool and did n't take long to learn how to use . I disagree with most people who wrote a review of this product-I do n't think it scratches easily . Sure , it shows your fingerprints , but I do n't have any scratches on mine-yet . The packaging was also awesome , by the way . I would suggest going to the Apple support website before or after you get your iPod . It gives a lot of information on how to use the iPod and the features . I do n't have Adobe Photoshop or Microsoft Outlook -LRB- I use Mozilla Thunderbird -RRB- and the Apple website told you how to put things -LRB- such as contacts and calendars -RRB- on your iPod without having to get the extra programs . Although it 's pretty expensive , it 's a great buy !!!
 This is a great product . I plan to order a second one soon .
 As a gift , my boyfriend loved the brand new iPod Nano -LRB- 1st generation -RRB- . I believe that the nano for $ 179.99 plus free shipping and no tax was n't bad at all . The iPod Nano was in perfect conditions and arrived on time . I trust and truly say that I had a wonderful experience shopping at amazon.com .
 I loved mine so did me wife . I got her one so i could get mine back . Was brand new and works great just what she needed .
 The iPod came within a week of ordering and just in time for holiday rush . Brand-New , in box - GREAT shipping condition from Amazon and excellent speed !
 This is a great product . A few difficulties uploading music or podcast to the ipod , but all in all , it has been a a wonderful thing to have at the gym or elsewhere .
 I have been waiting for years to get an iPod , and since my recent purchase of the nano , I am extremely content with it . The features the iPod offers are limitless and I can finally carry around my music without switching CDs or waiting for a song to come on the radio . This is one of the best things I ever purchased in my life and I am completely not exaggerating !
 I love this item ! I 'm new to the whole MP3 Player world , but I 'm hooked on my iPod and have not had any problems at all with it . I 've even convinced 3 other people to purchase one since I got mine .
 Product arrived in excellent New Condition , once I figure out how to work everything , I 'll be set . My only issue would be a little bit more info on paper for `` iPod Dummies '' like me .
 I love the Nano , it works great ! It is small enough to carry anywhere and is easy to use !
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves it , in fact I do n't think I 've seen her without it since!My only complaint is the black one tends to scratch VERY easily , I mean VERY EASILY!But there are a lot of cute little covers you can buy for it.It 's so light & small that it fits everywhere , holds lots of music & sounds great . Worth every penny !
 The Nano IPod is amazing ! It super thin and stores music at an incredible rate . What NI love about it the most is how it updates the library on the Nano automatically once it is plug up to your computer for charging . It is a perfect companion to run with . If the music was n't playing you would n't even know you where running with it -LRB- because it is sooo light -RRB- . I 've had my IPod for two weeks now and I ca n't get enough of it ! When I first turned it on I was amazed by the sound quality of songs I 've played on my computer with headphones . I mean , I heard instruments on songs that I never knew where played on songs I always play . Sound effects that I never picked up on from songs where fun to discover because I never heard them before when they where played on my computer . The headphones really isolate the music and blocks alot of the sounds you would normally hear with other standard headphones.I would recommend this product to anyone ... especially runners .
 I bought this to replace the 6gb iPod mini that I was using . I never used the total 6gb available and never really went over 4gb over usage . So I figured I might as well get something smaller in device size and storage size . This is where the iPod Nano comes in . I bought the black colored one . I was very impressed how small and sleek it was -LRB- thanks to the usage of flash memory -RRB- . And with the knowledge that it uses flash memory , I do n't have to worry about skipping since there are no moving parts unlike hard-drive based mp3 players . I like the fact that the Nano has a color screen and that I can see the album cover art along with the current song that 's playing . Just like with the iPod Mini all I had to do is plug one end of the usb cable to the Nano and the other end to my PC , install iTunes , and I was off and running so to speak . I was able to transfer mp3s from my computer to my Nano within minutes . I just wish a radio tuner was integrated into the Nano , but maybe Apple will include one in future models . I also wish the Nano was n't so prone to scratching .
 ****************************** I got my Nano . FIRST THING I DID IS BUY A PROTECTIVE CASING FOR IT ... which covers everything , inluding the screen and the wheel . People , please , is n't it obvious that when you read over the reviews and see that # 1 concern is that Nano scratches easily , you absolutely NEED to buy a case for it ? ... otherwise you will end up like a bunch of people I saw on here - crying over a scratched IPod . Protect it right away and you wont have to worry about scratches . Simple huh ? But I do hope Apple will fix that problem when the next version comes around . On the negative side , I hear that the battery might die within 2 years , which bothers me a lot to be honest , and I also read that you ca n't really replace it . I guess you have to think like this
 I have heard so many complaints about the scratching , the lack of storage , and the lack of accessories . The only justified complaint I can see there is the scratching issue . Apple should have used a little bit more tough of a polymer coating . That 's ok , and I 'll tell you why . SPECK CASES . No one has ever heard of this company , and its ridiculous . They make the best cases for any iPod , including the nano . www.speckproducts.com thats it . Check it out . Back to the iPod , its beautiful . The flash memory is amazing , seeing as it can handle alot more bumps and bruises -LRB- If you have a Speck Case -RRB- . About the complaints of not being able to hold enough songs , well , i sorta see your point , but its not that bad . 1,000 songs should keep you satisfied till oyu can replace some . Another idea , stop downloading the entire CD !! Just get the good songs , not all the fillers . It is totally worth it , and get the 4GB . BUY IT ! lolb
 I received my black iPod nano -LRB- my first ipod or anything Apple -RRB- six days ago , September 22 . Let me tell you , this little baby is sweet . . but as a first adopter , I think I may have got hosed on the casing.I put this in my pocket , with nothing else in the pocket like keys , change , etc. , and wore it around town a few days -LRB- of course , showing off a bit -RRB- . By the end of the second day there were scratches all over , deep ones , on the black casing , and worst of all , the screen . Also on the back silver casing.I was distraught , but fortunately found some blogs that told me to use Brasso -LRB- NOT other polishes , which did not work -RRB- . The Brasso made it new again , no damage ! -LRB- note-don ' t use it on the spin wheel -RRB- . FYI , KEEP THE PLASTIC COVER THE NANO COMES WITH ON AND USE IT . . I THREW MINE AWAY LIKE A FOOL !!! This will help until you get a case.Besides the problems with the case -LRB- I will defintely buy a new case soon , I love it !! I have had it go FIFTEEN HOURS with no charge ! I have about 600 songs on it , my contacts , and calendar.Here are some suggestions : * Everytime I sync the calendar/contacts , it adds another duplicate set of contacts . I need to figure this out or maybe it is a built in flaw . * Having the calendar sync is nice . Built in alarms also . * Have not done much with pics , but plan too . * This is my first ipod , I am sure others have similar features , I love the ability to look up songs by ALBUM , ARTIST , RECENTLY PURCHASED , RECENTLY PLAYED , TOP 25 , GENRE , etc. . Nice feature . * Volume is good , when played real loudly some minor distortion . * Color screen and 4gig flash is awesome ! * Recharging via USB is a breeze ! Hint
 I will never buy a CD again . This black nano is a watershed moment in my music listening career . 20 years ago I bought a huge CD player for a hundreds of dollars and could only get very few CD 's at record stores.For much less I get so much more with an IPOD Nano . Totally intuitive design , flawless execution . I reccomend this for anyone who is a music lover.I especially dig the Nano because I can run with it no problem as it weighs only a few ounces . I feel bad for people who are still carrying CD players around the lakes that I run around on a regular basis . They all should have this product . It is really fantastic . JVD
 After a lot of years of using a cd player , it is quite nice to carry something as compact as an ipod/mp3 . It is amazing what technology has managed to do . For anybody wishing to buy an ipod I would certainly recommend it , you might pay more for it than any other mp3 but it certainly comes with some great extras , like the itunes program where you can look up songs and then download then for just 99c each . Now when you look at buying an ipod the only question is how many songs do you want it to hold and what do you want to do with it , like listen to music or watch movies on it . Now the only other question is are you ready for an ipod .
 I have a 20GB 4G Ipod an dgot this Nano for my wife 's birthday . I short words
 Do n't listen to the people complaining about IPOD durability.All you have to do to test the durability of this device is to go to Best Buy.They have them on display.Judge for yourselves how durable the item is and keep in mind that display case items are usually abused by consumers and also that Best Buy employees do n't often replace damaged displays .
 I have never owned an IPOD -LRB- the system forced me to rate it , to submit this -RRB- - but am more than ready now . But , I ca n't decide between the nano and the video . I will not use it for video or photos - just music and primarily at the gym and on the airplane . The nano 's size really appeals to me , but I am wondering about storage size - will I regret buying an IPOD with only 4GB vs. 30 GB ? Any thoughts ? Any other advice on accessories ?
 Alight this is it . IM tired of u people complaining about how the ipod nao scracthes or the screen cracks when u drop it . WELL DUH !!! of course its gon na scratch its not like u can drop a cd player and nothing happens or a ds or a psp ! SO STOP WHINING . all in all this is a very good product and i would reccomend that u buy it
 I 've never actually used an iPod Nano . I 've never even seen one , except in pictures . But doggone , it looks PERFECT . I 'm going to get one today and I think you should too .
 This is so ausome I just love it so much . Its so thin and small I can take it any wareROCK ON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got this Nano from my boyfriend Rick . It 's so kewl . I like it MUCH better than the umbrella I got from Jason -LRB- which automatically opens can closes , but so lame compared to my Nano -RRB- . I love you Rick !!!
 I 've had my nano for just a few days , and have handled it with the utmost of care , and it is covered in micro scratches , which are painful to look at in the light . I am searching for some kind of scratch remover now , hopefully that will help a little , then i 'm getting some kind of skin for it . Despite this problem , i love my ipod . The flash drive is totally silent -LRB- obviously -RRB- , and the sound quality is superb.By the way ... IF YOUR NANO EVER FREEZES UP ON YOU , HOLD THE CENTER BUTTON AND THE MENU BUTTON AT THE SAME TIME FOR ABOUT 10-15 SECONDS , AND REPEAT IF NECESSARY . -LRB- it should reboot the drive , according to apple 's website -RRB-
 This is n't going to be long and boring because everything good/bad has been said so far . Good - size , flash memory , photo ability , etc. . Bad - I got black and it scratches VERY easily ! I only had it 2 days and from carrying it in my pocket , the front looks very scratched like I had it a few years already . Also , do n't know why they put the headphone jack on the bottom ... and so far there 's no belt clip for this . Only a lanyard headphone or an armband . I need a belt clip for the gym.Anyway , the sound ... I only listen to my players CRANKED ! Every MP3 player I 've ever bought , including my previous 3 ipods , I listen to at full volume . So , just to test , I got my 6 gb ipod mini and put it side by side with my new Nano . I started `` Walk '' by Pantera simultaneously on both players and took my best pair of headphones going back and forth from one player to the other . Well , the new Nano BLEW AWAY my 6 gb ipod ! Noticeably louder , deeper bass , and my favorite , much sharper and higher treble ! I hate to admit it , but it makes my 6 gb mini sound like crap . -LRB- Hello ebay ! -RRB- I ca n't comment on the battery life yet at that volume , but I 'm sure it will be much shorter than the 14 hours they say.But if you buy this player for no other reason ... buy it for the SOUND !
 I have mocked the iPod for the last 2 years , calling it a stupid trend and degrading my friends who chose to purchase one . Earlier this week I put an iPod nano . All I can say is wow . I 've previously used a Creative MuVo TxFm -LRB- which by the way is an oustanding device at a great price -RRB- , but this is a whole different animal . The interface is a delight to use , and the integration with iTunes alone was worth the purchase price . It 's just so completely seamless . It 's unfortunate that you ca n't use a separate battery , or plug into a USB port without a cable -LRB- features of the MuVo -RRB- , but the interface more than makes up for it . Make sure and get a case ; you 're going to love this one !
 I resisted the dark side for years , but someone special bought me a black 4GB Nano as a gift and I 'm a convert . The form factor , ease of use , and reliability are unmatched . Really , it 's hard to imagine comfortably using anything smaller than this . Of course , having `` only '' 4GB is a trade-off because it 's not going to hold your entire music library.The only major gripe so far is the weak accessory support . The Tubes are n't out , the lanyard headphones are sold out , not much in the way of screen protectors yet.Things to realize
 I purchased the nano from my local Fry 's electronics . 4gig , black . I 'm using it with a 1Ghz Powerbook G4 15 '' 10/10/1000 ethernet , DVI , but NOT USB 2.0 ... which poses a problem because the Nano does not support sync via firewire . -LRB- although it can be charged over firewire -RRB- The lack of firewire , my only real complaint about the nano , and aside from that , there is very little to find fault in aside from an overly bright screen -LRB- see below -RRB- . I 've overcome the lack of firewire compatability by upgrading my laptop to USB 2.0 through the purchase of a $ 24 USB 2.0 PCMCIA card from Fry 's . For about the same cost as what I would have had to pay for the firewire cable anyway -LRB- if it were useful for anything other than charging -RRB- I have a PCMCIA card that provides compatability in addition to fast USB for external hard disks , etc. . . The mac -LRB- osx panther -RRB- recognized the card immediately , without the need for drivers , etc. . Sync was very very fast , transfering complete songs in less than 1 second per song in many cases . FAST transfers . Fry 's had numerous models of cards , some with Firewire and USB 2.0 , other 's with just firewire , and still others with only USB . I purchased the least expensive , USB 2.0 only card that , only on the back of the package in fine type did it mention macs ... and it works almost perfectly . -LRB- note unplug the card before closing the powerbook lid or it wo n't sleep , and wo n't wake up the monitor , forcing a restart ... this is the only issue I 've encountered -RRB- Regarding the Nano . Small , stupid small , almost too small ... almost . Click wheel works great , volume is powerful , songs are accessed immediatly with no delay -LRB- flash memory -RRB- . As there is no hard disk to be scrambled from impacts , it is able to take minor drops without issue . And when it does fall , the thing is so light that it almost always falls softly . Syncs are very very quick using USB 2.0 . -LRB- I frequently wipe all the songs and re-upload rather than poke through them when I want to make changes . Uploading about 3 gigs of music takes around 30-40 seconds at most -RRB- The unit is light weight enough that I often pick it up by the headphone cord with no fear of it unplugging and falling . The stock earbuds sound great , but hurt my ears after extended listening . I currently use some foam earbuds I already owned . Others have no problems with the ear buds , so I think it 's just dependant upon the shape of one 's ears.My only other complaint and I 'm sure it can be overcome with a firmware upgrade , is that the white LED back light is blindingly bright at night . When in the car using it , it actually almost hurts to look at it . When the back light turns off , it does so by quickly fading out , so the capability to vary brightness is there , and needs to only have a menu option added to control it for low light use . If I had to think up anything else wrong , I would say it the black moel shows fingerprints and smudges too easily . -LRB- but it looks sooo good in black -RRB- ... but really , disregarding the lack of firewire which I 'm sure would have added size , and since mose people already have USB 2.0 anyway could afford to be sacrificed ... If the best complaints I can come up with are `` a screen that 's too bright '' , and `` shows smudges '' , then this one is most certainly a winner.-Jason
 I upgraded from my first generation 20GB iPod because it was a little too bulky for the gym . My Nano is great . I bought the armband . It 's comfortable and safely holds the Nano . The only problem that I have with my Nano is that it scratches much too easily . I only use the armband for the gym . I have a special pocket for MP3 players in my winter coat . After only a few times in this pocket the plastic on my Nano had visible scratches . These were not deep , but certainly detract from the look of my Nano . I would highly recommend buying some type of case for the Nano . Alternatively , the white Nano may not show scratches as easily as the black Nano . Finally , in terms of performance and sound quality , my Nano is outstanding . I would have given the Nano 5 stars if its face were as scratch resistant as my original iPod .
 The Ipod Nano is a dream come true for people who appreciate new technology and enjoy listening to unlimited music along with interactive photo features without limitations.Key Features - Music -LRB- 1000 songs -RRB- - Photos -LRB- 25,000 -RRB- , Watch slideshow with Music - Organize Music -LRB- Playlists , Album , Artist , Rating , Genre etc etc -RRB- - Album Art - World Clock - Games - Synochrize contacts , calendars - Stopwatch - ScreenlockIt 's only been 3 days since I have bought the Ipod Nano 4gb in black and believe me when I first bought it , I was extremely impressed by it 's very sleek and small packaging , which says a lot about any product in this day and age . When I opened it I was even more shocked and surprised like most people , of how small and slim the Ipod Nano was . It was unbelievable and I was thrilled to own such a smart item with excellent functions and performance.I did my research before buying this product and a lot of people said that it is easily scratched but it still did n't put me off from buying it because I wanted to buy it ages ago but due to high demand , it was always out of stock when I wanted it . Therefore , when I bought it , I also purchased a rubber protective sleeve to prevent any scratches . I put the sleeve on right away on top of the cellophine protector on the front of the Ipod to ensure that it stays good as new , at least for 6 months ... LolI have never bought or used an Apple product and this was my 1st and I found that the Ipod Nano is very user friendly because it only took someone like me 5mins to install the software provided and transfer my music collection immediately , thanks to the simple instruction guide sheet . All products should be like this SHORT , SIMPLE & PRECISE when it comes to User Guides!Previously , I have been using the 256mb Creative mp3 player , which only held around 40 odd tracks so I purchased the ARCHOS media player a few months ago for 315 , because I have always wanted to store my favorite CD collection and playlists on to one single device . But although it had all the capabilities of storing music , photos and video recordings , I found that I never seem to use it often because even though its meant to be a pocket video recorder , it still feels too BIG to carry around everywhere , especially for listening to music ! There are far too many bundles of wires in the process of recording and transferring music , videos and photos with the Archos . I have hardly used it and I am hoping to sell it soon because I am extremely happy and satisfied with the Ipod Nano because I have now stored my favorite CD collection and Playlists in one sleek and small device , which I can now take with me wherever I want . This just shows that the quality of a product does n't always mean it 's good if you pay a high price !!!! Although I prefer transferring my music through DRAG & DROP , I do n't really think the iTunes software with the Ipod Nano is bad at all compared to what people have said about it . I think it is very easy to organize your music collection in a few simple steps and I think it is very creative for people who want to arrange their music to their own requirements . But it would have been nice if Apple had also enabled the DRAG & DROP feature for music ... ! Overall , I do n't normally write reviews online but the Ipod Nano has made me very happy and I thought it deserved a review because it is one of those items that tempt you to tell the world about it . It has got several features which can keep you occupied whenever you 're bored !!!! I ca n't imagine anyone buying this product and regretting it , it is truly the NO. 1 GIFT of the year and future , especially at a reasonable price of 179.00 ! You definitely ca n't go wrong for what you 're getting in return ... !!!! I SIMPLY LOVE IT ... !
 As a first time iPod owner , i am obviously thrilled . I 've owned other mp3 players , and nothing i 've seen compares to the almighty iPod . I got this little guy for my birthday , and you could n't pry it from my hands with the jaws of life . The sound quality is fantastic , the colors on the -LRB- somewhat small but definitely bearable -RRB- screen are vivid , and the storage capacity is just right for me . That being said , there are a few glitches . First , the obvious
 This device is fantastic . It holds a ton of music ... 1000 songs is quite enough room to enjoy a whole genre of music -LRB- and I have +10 k Mp3 's -RRB- ... it is very sleek in design , and quite small , and nano like ... so a quick Pro and Con : Pro :1 . Small . This is great to throw into your pocket -LRB- but put in a case ! -RRB- 2 . Menu 's on the Nano are really easy to use , and has a lot of options that are not useless ... calander is nice . . as well as the clock . . but the most attractive is the ease of use for getting to your music . A slow monkey could figure this one out .3 . Good/Great sound . This device has good pump to it . Not much else to say other than that ... 4 . Battery ... well , this is a pro and a con ... the battery is adverted as something like 18 hours . There is no way you can get even close to that . I get like 6 hours top . And , even though apple once again lied about the battery life -LRB- I have owned four other Ipods of which never made any of their adverted battery lives -RRB- 6 hours is still very good amount . - what gets me is this ... I ca n't figure out why it is that the nano does n't get 18 hours . . I mean , there is no moving parts ... the screen is nice , but it is n't that super bright . . and it is small ... hmmm .5 . Flash memory . I have always ... always . . been a major fan of flash memory ever since I first read about it a couple of years ago . This has made the nano a big time operator in the field of Mp3 's .6 . It looks great . Why do all the other Mp3 players look like they were made in a 198o 's communist country ? They are way ugly . WAY WAY UGLY . Matter of fact , apple is not all that great in the internal design or ruggedness of thier iPods . . I have replaced 3 of the four I have bought . . so they stinko when it comes to durability - but they look so much nicer than the way ugly stuff offered by Dell , or any of the other ones -LRB- creatives stuff is just missing a gene -RRB- ... Sony is supposed to have a model out using flash , but have not seen it yet . . lets hope they can construct something that is not just way ugly . So , apple whups up on the competition in many areas , but one area is the appearance of the product ... Who wants to spend 200 dollars on something that looks like S$ $ T ?? Not me . And apparently not millions of other people.Cons .1 . Battery , see what I wrote above . Like I said earlier , it is enough battery for me at 6 . hours ... . but it would have been nice if it would have got close to the adverted battery life ... 2 . It is prone to scratchness and difficult fingerprinting . But , having read about that , I bought a case ... and the fingerprints are hard to remove . . which is annoying ... materials could have been better chosen I think ... 3 . I think the usb could have been used better . Not crazy about the hook up at the bottom of the nano . . why not just regular USB hook up , instead of this crazy wide thing ? Silly . The Hook up on the shuffle is superior to this . but o well.Overall a great device , but not five star . I like it a lot , and when I get through with it , I will most likely toss it in the bin and get another.UPDATE ************** I bought the case/skins from Apple . They came in a case of five , and I picked out the lime green one to put on . It was skin SKIN SKIN tight . Very hard to get on , but once it was on , it was very sleek . Actually , when you show someone the nano , you will have to tell them that the case is already on , it is that tight . And , it is rubberish ... and grabs the hand when you touch it . . very good to keep it from slipping out of your hand , etc. . . when moving . I really REALLY recommend these cases , due to them protecting it , and over all ` cool ' factor . I place mine in my pocket and have had no issues with the case on it . + + + + + + + + + + + + Another UPDATE + + + + + + + + + + + + I liked the apple skins , they were nice ... but my wife went out at christmas and bought me and INCASE case for my ipod , and it is vastly superior to any case I have had for any of my iPods , and I have had four of them . So , do yourself a favor , and protect your iPod with Incase cases . They are under 30 dollars and are made of leather and are quite rugged . Have had mine since Xmas o5 and it is March o6 now , and no signs of wear as of yet . Quite good.Have fun
 If you are pondering whether or not to get the Nano ... JUST GET IT . It is worth it . Everything about it is better than other mp3 players out there . Yes it scratches , but you can always buy a case . With the case , the Nano is still small . Sound is good . Extremely easy to use . Expensive , but well priced when you consider its capabilities and its the first of its kind . Ignore the negative reviews , this is the best that is available.I would only not recommend this if you had over 5 gigs of music . Even so , this is still a good product if you can narrow your songs to 1,000 . Again , there is n't anything else better than the Nano ...
 I reviewed this ipod nano black a while ago and i just want to say that the people that hate this because of the scratches just should n't buy it . It is made of the same material as the 30/60 gb ipod video black . It has nothing to do with the size . It is really hard to find a case for this right now but they will come in two weeks . A way of taking off scratches is using a bit of brasso . Brassol is a liquid that gets rid of scratches on plastic materials such as ipods . Works extremely well with the black version . It costs four dollars at any store such as home depot . Use a bit of it will cotton or iklear -LRB- anything u want that is soft -RRB- and keep ur hand on it for around twenty minutes . -LRB- ... -RRB- Use it once because it could probably leave blemishes after around the fourth time . Just think of it as a second chance to keep ur ipod in store bought condition . After you 've done this , keep the ipod safe until u get a case . The ipod nano is an amazing piece of technology and you should n't complain about the scratches when there is so many ways of getting rid of them -LRB- toothpaste even , doesnt get rid of all the scratches -RRB- . Good luck and do n't complain lol .
 ive had my ipod nano for a month now its really cool i do suggest getting a cover for it because it can scratch easily i do wish i can holdd videos though ...
 This compact product which was very fairly priced , thus far has served its intended purposes admirably . It is everything it was cracked up to be and its ease of use is obvious .
 this thing is sooooo small ! sound is the same as the regular ipod except the thing is tiny ! you cant appreceate how small it is until you hold one . get one today ! or now !
 I love the Ipod nano . Its a really good size for listening to while you do many activities . Its organization is also a plus , and making your own playlists it easy too .
 oooooooh my gawsh this nano is SO cute . its so completely perfect -- almost as if it was MADE for me . im a big music person , y' know , and the nano is small and short just like me . =P so i loove it ! yes , so maybe they scratch easily . but PUH ~ LEEEEZE is a scratch gon na stop you from listening to your music ? i didnt think so . i mean you DID get an iPod to listen to music . scratches dont defect your songs or change it in any way . i mean you wont be LOOKING at your pod so much as LISTENING to it . DUHHHHHHHHHHH ! plus all u have to do is get a case if your that worried about it . i mean , you wont be able to see the scratch . i personally < 33 the socks bcuz its like 5 bucks for 6 little cute colored knit socks . but aaanyways . yeah , so , i definately deeeeeeefinately recommend nano 's if you like cute small amazing lil gadgets . < 333333333
 For Father 's Day us kids have ordered this one for Dad . He 'll be surprised and we 'll have to teach him to use it.I have the 1 GB nano and take it everywhere . Mom 's gift is a trip to Kauai so we 're also giving him a Kauai Trailblazer and a Nano dock and an armband.Lucky Dad . He deserves it .
 very nice product , easy to use and practical . sound quality is very good
 I got this ipod for my christmas , and i could n't be happier . It is by far the best peice of electronics that i have . The second i unrapped it i ran upstairs and pluged it into my computer . Within 15 minutes -LRB- only because it take about 20 seconds a song to download them into your ipod -RRB- I was listening to 300 + different songs , and pictures ! . If you are worried about it braking because of its small size , worry no more . It is very durable , altough one flaw is that the screen scratches easily . But thats no problem , I purchased a case for it that only cost 5 dollars , a and now i dont have the worry about it . The games on it are also very fun . It has BrickBraker , Parachute , Solataire , and a fun Music Quiz . It also has many other cool features . If you are not very good with computers , dont worry . You simply plug it in and up pops your itunes . Then you take any song you want on your ipod , and drag it to your ipod playlist . If you want them all , you can chose to have you computer automatically update your ipod with all your songs . If you think you 're not into music enough to by the 4gb , dont listen to yourself . By the time get the ipod , you wont stop listening to music , so deffianatley buy the 4gb . All in all it is a great product and i deffianatly suggest any one who wants an MP3 player , to buy this one !
 For a while , I was very skeptical about buying one of these - I did n't understand all the hype about the iPod when there are so many other music players on the market . Since I got one for Christmas , I 've started to see what some of the hype is about.These are fairly good players overall . One advantage the iPod offers over other players is that it arranges your music by artist and album , making music easy to find . Additionally , the iPod Nano is very tiny and uses solid-state storage , making it ideal for those who wish to use a music player while exercising . It also has a sharp color screen and an easy-to-use interface . The graphics resemble the Mac OS X operating system , so its user interface is also fairly nice to look at . Additionally , the sound quality is very good . The earbud headphones it comes with also sound very good , although I personally find earbuds somewhat uncomfortable.The iPod Nano has some other nice touches , such as games - It has solitaire , a music shuffle game -LRB- where it plays short clips of your songs and you have to choose which song it is from a list -RRB- , and a few others . The games can come in useful if you are on a long bus/airplane ride or in other situations where you might be bored.The biggest downsides I see to the iPod Nano is that there is no way to replace the battery if it fails or to upgrade the storage if you want more than 4GB of storage . Apple does have a warranty for the battery though and will replace your iPod Nano if the battery fails -LRB- within a certain time limit -RRB- . Another downside , in my opinion , is that you need to use special software to transfer music to/from the iPod . Unlike other music players I 've used , you ca n't simply drag & drop your music files onto the device . You need to use software , such as Apple 's iTunes , to transfer music to/from the iPod . Additionally , it looks like the software scrambles the filenames on the iPod , so even if you browse the music files on your iPod without the special software , you ca n't tell what the music is from the filenames.Pros : - Very tiny -LRB- easy to take with you -RRB- - Uses solid-state storage -LRB- ideal for those who exercise -RRB- - Easy to use - Great sound qualityCons : - The battery & storage device ca n't be replaced - Special software must be used to copy music to/from the iPod
 OMG OMG OMG ! this ipod nano is so sexy ! its the sexiest ipod outthere you know !!! omg omg omg im looking at it right now and its so awesome ! i am 11 years old and its sooooo cool ! mine has not 1 scrathc on it and i keepe it in my pocket ! omg its sooo sexy i thing im going to make love to it right now after i download my music on it !
 I have the IPOD 30GB Color . I 've managed to fill it half way . That 's around 5000 songs . I became very paranoid that I 'd lose it somehow via theft , dropping , etc. 5000 songs took me a long time and the thought of losing it has been on my mind for a while . My salvation arrived in the form of the NANO.My new 4GB nano is my traveling ipod , my cutting the grass ipod etc. . My 30GB is now a permanant part of my home computer audio . I 've backed it up and thus the collection stays safe.With the NANO I decide what I want to listen to and transfer it over from the 30GB -LRB- you need a utility to do this -RRB- or copy over some CD 's . The NANO is really tiny and with the memory being flash instead of a hard drive , less moving parts makes it more crash proof.It 's a great product at a great price . Apple delivers once again .
 The Nano is a great iPod and is better than the Mini and Shuffle it is n't without it 's flaws.ProsSweet DesignUltra ThinGood Amount of SongsEasy to UseIn ColorConsShows Fingerprints and Scratches EasyExpensiveBreaks if You Drop ItWell I love mine but if you are a klutz and drop stuff alot or have someone who likes to grab at stuff I do n't think it is for you.Enjoy the Nano
 i love music since i was a little boy so i always try to have the best tecnology my first mp3 player was a rca lyra 1gb , it had a hard drive and it died then i bought a creative zen micro and same 3 weeks and died so i bought a creative muvo n200 1gb and it still working so i think that flash memory its better than hard drive so i just buy the nano hopeing that it will last
 Just what I expected - good quality , convenient and holds lots of music
 I bought this iPod nano 4GB Black on September 8th and I recieved it September 12th . I was expecting Apple not to discontinue the widely famous iPod mini but I guess they did . Rumors and speculations said that Apple was going to make a 8GB mini with a color screen but in the end they discontinued the line all together . The nano is n't perfect though . The gigabyte to price ratio is horrible and the battery life is n't that good . The 2GB nano is $ 99.50 per gigabyte while the 4GB nano is 62.25 per gigabyte . Much more than the iPod mini 's . The battery life is rated at 14 hours . I got up to 16 to 17 hours which is good but my friends said their new iPod mini can get up to 23 hours ! The design is sexy but , the smudges and scratches attract a second after you peel off the protective paper . The mini had a case that did n't deter any real scratches and smudges . You have to buy a case for this iPod while you did n't have to for the mini . But , it 's a fresh start with the iPod line and it 's right now my personal favorite . 4GB holds around 1,000 songs , I have 939 songs -LRB- on various qualities , etc. -RRB- . It comes with the iPod CD with iTunes 5 -LRB- the new one -RRB- . iTunes 5 is nice cosmetically -LRB- Apple changed it a little bit -RRB- but , there is no major change . There are color choices with the nano
 This is by far the BEST flash-based MP3 player I have ever used . It is incredibly user friendly . Great sound and picture with all the bells and whistles . If you are consider and iPod or an MP3 player , definitely get this one .
 I love it . it fits more music than the whole memory of the `` super '' computer I bought 4 years ago . I love it .
 I was totally pleased with my purchase , except for the 2 small dents in the back . They actual iPod works great . I only wish they included a wall charger
 This product worked as expected . Installation was for a 99 ' Chevy Prism . Make sure you do not connect the orange wire to anything on the harness . I recently did a similar install using a similar harness from Metra and connecting the illumination wiring caused a fuse to blow and some major head aches . Great option for the price and the wiring instructions on the package were sufficient .
 This product was exactly what I needed to make the radio in my car work . It is just perfect and I had a friend install it for me .
 The harness was the correct one for my vehicle , and the directions were clear and easy to follow . I would suggest anyone using any such adapter to also get some shrink tubing , available at any electronics store -LRB- probably including Radio Shack -RRB- . Cut a piece at least half an inch longer then the splice , and slide it onto one of the wires . Push the ends of the stranded wires together , twist a little , and solder . Mash down any sharp wire ends , slide the shrink tubing over the splice , and gently move the side of the soldering iron over the tubing to shrink it . It 's much more reliable than tape , which can dry and peel off .
 Unless you want to chop out your original stereo wiring harness , this is the trick . Yes , you could chop it out , but if you ever sell your car and want to put the original radio back in it 's slot , , , , , , then this item is the ticket for you .
 I bought this to connect a radio to my Geo car , the quality of the cables is very good , and it just fits perfectly with the factory connector , highly recommend it !
 If you are a owner of a DLP you can not beat Amazon 's price on bulbs.The sad part is that they need replacing more than you would know.Amazon has got the price down to where it is more realistic .
 I had ordered from this supplier before , but always the lamp with the housing . I do n't do a lot with electronics , but hoped I could handle replacing the bare lamp . I had no problems removing the old lamp and putting the bare lamp in the housing . You do need to remember where all the screws go in the housing . There are quite a number of them . My order came promptly and I had my TV up and running in no time .
 Although the company had KF-2010 specs out open to the public on their web site , I was concerned about the sensitivity as it is very quite -LRB- close to my experience with Escort 's or Beltronic 's products -RRB- . However , KF-2010 's receiver sensitivity turn out to be super and saved me few tickets on my trip to Key-west . On-dash mount is really cool and ca n't complain about the price .
 If you need a battery for your fujifinepics get the original manufacturer only . Replacment batteries do not last or work as well .
 This K-M best seller is a good compromise between the low end and the really high end models by Zeiss , Fujinon , and Nikon . Feels real good , although the porro prism design is not a small lightweight model , if you are seeking same . Good rubber coating , easy focus wheel -LRB- check its function -RRB- , and relatively flat field via the hybrid plastic glass aspheric element.Decent light transmission . This is a `` genuine article '' good binocular you are likely to enjoy and use for every day and even for some backyard astronomy . I liked mine a lot before it got swiped and may buy replacement of the same kind , to add to my bino collection . The vinyl case is cheesy but that can be upgraded for twenty bucks or so . I did not care for the 10 power K-M as much , namely more distortion and heavier .
 - an excellent receiver . Quality construction , excellent sound . The Net-Tune features work well with a minimum of setup fuss . The unit is probably a little pricier per feature than some other units , but the trade-off in sound quality and ease-of-use is worth it.Highly recommended ...
 I run the Onkyo with : Samsung DVD-HD931 DVD playerSamsung HPN4239 PlasmaAudioSource Amp1 AmplifierSony CD changerThe Amplifier was necessary to drive my passive subwoofer . Buy an active woofer if you do n't own an amp.The NetTune system works great . You need a Windows PC on your network to use this feature . Sound quality is great.Video quality through witched components also very good .
 Bought this new back in 06 for 800 + dollars and worth every dollar . I see they are going for under 200 -LRB- used -RRB- which is a steal . This beast has high watts and more important , amps to drive high imp speakers . I have thought about upgrading to a newer AVR but the only thing I would gain would be convenience of a modern interface when using OSD for setup and such . The power the 801 puts out is significant . Again for under 200 bucks will be a major upgrade !
 Have had these for 6 months or so and they have never failed . Good to have spares and the price was right for us .
 I have been using Maxtor external hard drives for just over a year now and have made recommendations to family and colleagues which have resulted in them buying many of them as well . So with experience with close to a dozen hard drives , we have not had any problems and have nothing but praise for the drives.First off , with internal hard drive prices for laptops so expensive and so difficult to install , external hard drives that use firewire -LRB- IEEE1394 -RRB- are a great option . These hard drives use both firewire and USB , so you can take the information and hot swap it among multiple computer -LRB- like a thumb drive -RRB- or keep it plugged in to a single computer for use a secondary hard drive . I have found virtually no speed difference between accessing files on the external hard drive versus the internal.The automatic backup feature , makes the hard drive all that much more useful . It comes bundled with Dantz Retrospect Express program which is an easy-to-use option for automatically backing up just what you want with a touch of a button . I backup often , usually just punching the button as I go meet to clients . It usually finishes the automated process by the time I return . Because backing up is so easy to do , when I did lose the hard drive on one of my laptops , I barely missed a beat after I got it replaced , simply restoring the drive image to make my new laptop look just like my old one.I highly recommend Maxtor external hard drives .
 This subwoofer is the best in it 's class.It plays low frequency information with utmost sound quality , clarity & most important of all control.This sub plays exceptional well in it 's recommended slot ported enclosure with about 650 watts of rms amplifier power going to it.What i admire most about this sub is the way in which it reproduce the low frequencies notes separately and not jumbled up as other subs do.You hear all the low frequency each note one at a time not just one bang with lots of spl.Best design around too . .
 Kicker makes some of the best audio equipment and this cvr 15 '' proves the kicker name . I Did find it cheaper from a few other places , but this arrived a day early . It says 1000w peak but it can go a good distance beyond that . Great sub .
 Received these items very quickly ; they work just fine ; and the prices are terrific . Thanks !
 It 's a great camera ; I bought for a friend . As usual , Canon is just excellent ! Even if you do n't buy this one -LRB- wich has an excellent price -RRB- , I 'd recommend a Canon . I 've had mine for a long time , and the pictures are excellent .
 This product is perfect . I now can see what I 'm taking and they are clear . I definitely would recommend this product .
 I bought this for the parents -LRB- NOT techno savy -RRB- and tried it out before sending it on . I have the A95 Canon PowerShot and love it , but this is definitely better in some aspects . It 's lighter weight , takes less time between pressing the button and the shutter actually moving , and has greater pixels . The only draw-back so far is that they took away the easy camera/view pictures sliding button and replaced it with another button , which I thought would be easier for my parents to use . They have n't gotten back to me yet . I think it 'd be a great next-camera for me , but it may be a little too advanced for them .
 This camera delivers superb quality pics.The auto-focus feature helps you shoot pics like a pro.Best camera for the price.I love it .
 This camera is a great find . Low cost and great features . Even though there have been upgrades you ca n't beat the price and features
 The camera is working very well . I have gotten some wonderful pictures . However , there were some that were pretty fuzzy ; I have n't figured out if it was because of the camera or the user yet .
 When i got this camera , i tried it out immediately . It was incredible ; i could n't take a bad shot . It has great features that allow for very high quality photographs . It 's the perfect size and has a great price for this level of performance .
 I ordered my first digital camera Canon PowerShot A550 from Amazon and I 'm really happy I did so.I received it within 2-3 days and it 's a great camera . I 've taken many pictures all very clear , the color is great and I just love it!Also is very easy to use.I take it with me everywhere.It 's a great product.Thanks Amazon !!!
 Just what I was looking for . Easy , inexpensive , great pictures for a point and shoot .
 i bought this for my mom and of course had to test it out myself - it has amazing zoom -LRB- it picked up perfect detail of a flower basket on the floor across a huge basketball arena -RRB- and the canon shot finder is pretty cool . it 's very easy for anyone to use to take pictures -LRB- my 5 year old nephew took a few nice ones -RRB- . the only thing that was difficult to change was the flash setting . if you 're looking for an inexpensive but good camera to take pictures of adventures or family , it 's a good camera to choose .
 The Canon PowerShot A550 is living up to its A - rating , given by different Internet sources which I read before buying . The rating exceeded that of other cameras which cost twice as much . We are using the options of automatic point-and-shoot or manual camera settings to be creative with the images . Amazon and its supplier , Adorama Camera , made it easy to trace where the shipment was and delivered it promptly . Both companies have written to us often to check if the shipment arrived undamaged and if we were happy with the camera . On top of that , Adorama Camera has very pleasantly surprised us with 2 free print offers !
 Just the ticket - excellent price , good features especially optical zoom x4 and viewfinder . Does use a lot of power so keep spare batteries handy . Good service and supplied when promised .
 Takes excellent pictures and is easy to use . Only downside is that red-eye reduction feature is not very effective . The use of a red-eye lamp seems less effective than the strobe type flashing that my previous Canon -LRB- SD110 -RRB- used for red-eye reduction . Easy to fix in iPhoto though , so no biggie . Oddly , Canon has the image quality preset to fine , rather than superfine , which makes for smaller image file sizes but does n't use the full capability of the sensor . I did n't discover that until I 'd used it for a day . It 's an easy setting to change and you never have to worry about it again . The viewfinder is very bright and sharp indoors , less so outdoors in bright sunlight .
 We love this camera . We love it so much that when our toddler broke our older model we did n't hesitate to buy the exact same camera . It is easy to use and the quality of the photos is fantastic . I also take several short videos of random daily events , a very cool feature .
 I spent weeks researching which digital camera to buy . I checked out all of the latest ones with new features and higher MP or Optical but I always came back to this one . It has been rated the best and most popular so I figured since so many people love it why not join the club . I 'm glad I did . I love this camera ! It 's my first digital because I could n't stand missing another picture opportunity because I ran out of film or having undeveloped pictures in my camera for months waiting to finish the roll.This camera fits all of my needs and allows me to print photos immediately with the help of my Canon MP530 which is also a great buy . My photos come out like I took them to Walmart or Target to get printed on Kodak paper . I 'm using rechargeable batteries and bought my own 2G SD card . I 'm completely happy and love all the features so if your looking for a great point & shoot digital camera this is the one to buy .
 After years of 35 MM photography , I now normally use a Canon digital SLR camera for my photos . That 's great for most things , but sometimes I just need a good snapshot camera for quick images . I have n't taken the time to master the various settings yet , but the A550 seems to do a good job for routine photos . I 've had the opportunity to use a variety of digital cameras over the years since they were first introduced and find the A550 to be just the right combination of size and features for my needs .
 I bought this camera on sale for $ 119 , shipped free . It was a great deal on a full featured camera . I like the fact it can use AA rechargeables , and it uses only 2 batteries which cuts down the weight . I use 2500 mah batteries and they last me for a long time . The camera is easy to use and setup was a breeze . All in all a good value , I still have an old Canon A60 I paid more for and the A550 is much better in all aspects . If you see it on sale buy it you wo n't be dissapointed .
 Nice camera . The only problem is that Canon wo n't back up their products . The zoom does n't work all the time after less than a years use . Canon said send it back but we 'll charge you to check it ... not very impressive !
 I have always owned Canon cameras . I own 4 cameras from the A series.A520 , A530 , A540 and A550 and I am happy with all these cameras and here are the reasons why .1 . Value for Money , I bought all these under $ 200.2 . 4x Optical zoom is a plus and sufficient for a point and shoot camera .3 . Delivers fairly good quality pictures . I have printed poster size pictures and have been very happy with the results .4 . All these have better manual controls than most of the ELP series point and shoots canon has made.Cons : one thing to keep in mind is that these cameras are point and shoot and the lower end models that canon has made , so anyone buying these should not have high expectations with these cameras .1 . Delay between two shots when flash used . Again this is marginal and I really do not think of this as a major - ve point , at least not for the money spent on these .2 . The ELPHs have made them look bulkier :-RRB- again not a biggie . The ELPHs are really compact . So even though these are not as big , they look big in front of elphs.I would not recommend A550 to anyone only because they are old models , not because they are not good . Instead I would recommend the latest A series models that Canon has come out with . A720 IS , A570IS , A590IS . These are all great cameras with Image Stabilization built into them .
 OWNED 1 BEFORE . COULD N'T FIND IT FOR MY VACATION . SO I WANTED 1 JUST LIKE IT AND FOUND IT ON AMAZON.COM . IT 'S A GREAT CAMERA , TAKES GREAT PICTURES . MY FAMILY WAS AMAZED AT THE CLARITY . AND HAVING AN HP PORTABLE PRINTER BOTH COMBINED WAS THE DIFFERENCE IN MAKING GOOD PIXS.I HAVE RECOMMEND THIS A550 TO ALL MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS.I 'M VERY HAPPY WITH IT .
 This is the best camera I found for the price . Easy to use & takes great pictures .
 The camera is okay but it does n't have enough memory , that is why I recomend to buy a memory
 This is the second Canon camera I have purchased through Amazon and have been completely happy with the results . This camera is simple , takes quality photos , and came with many extra accessories . For the money it is a very good buy .
 Received the Canon camera which I was giving to my daughter for Christmas . Shipping was fast and so far , she is very happy with the camera and it 's performance . I am pleased
 this camera is a tank ... i bought it before i went to college -LRB- not sure why i bought such a nice camera for college -RRB- and it works great . the picture quality is great , and it has nice features for what i wanted to use it for -- point and shoot . i especially love the macro mode.it can handle a good amount of abuse - i spilled an entire cup of beer on it and for awhile the LCD screen was black but i could use the viewfinder and take pictures fine . imagine my excitement when a few weeks later , the LCD started working again ! it was almost as good as new . a friend of mine also dropped it into a cup of wine and that kind of did it in ... it still works but has a few issues , which can be expected . anyway , after many drops and spills , it is still functioning so it is very durable . i 'm assuming that others probably wo n't put it through the same ringer that i 've put it through but it 's good to know.good value for the price ... however , you may as well just spend the extra money -LRB- if it even costs more -RRB- to buy the powershot a560 -- i 've heard it 's better , and the LCD is bigger too .
 Have had this camera since last summer and have found it to be reliable , relatively simple to use , easy to download from and get good picture quality . It 's a bit big for my taste -LRB- wide at the battery end -RRB- but since the tiny cameras mostly take a non standard battery that takes up to 90 minutes to charge I 'll live with that `` flaw '' . The batteries that came with it died fairly quickly but I 'm still on the first set of the AA'a made for digital use - and I 've taken well over 500 photos . I would recommend this to anyone wanting a nice , solid point & shoot -LRB- still sometimes prefer my 35mm -RRB- at a good price . The only drawback I have found is lag time between photos and also the time between when you click the button and the time the shutter actually goes off . I 've missed some action/kid shots due to it -LRB- hence the 4 not 5 stars -RRB- but for stills of landscape/scenery it 's great .
 I needed a new camera to replace my very old digital camera , so I ordered this one and could not be happier with it.It has all kinds of features , including some manual control options like white balance , etc. for those people who like to mess with that stuff -LRB- I 'm more of an Auto person , myself -RRB- . I used it on vacation last month and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of pictures , after taking only a few test shots to get familiar with the camera . The camera is very easy to use and gives you a basic user manual to get you started , and also a detailed manual to help you find out how everything works on the camera . The movie mode works good , too . The colors come out bright and vivid . The lag time between pictures is minimal , which is one of the main things I hated about my old 1.3 mp Panasonic Palmcam , and the 7.1 mp makes for some excellent detail in your pictures . The only bad thing about the camera , in my opinion , is that it does n't have a movement stabilizer -LRB- or whatever it is called -RRB- , so it can be prone to shaking , especially when you zoom using the digital zoom . I like that the camera is small and lightweight , but it is not one of those super thin ones that you feel like you could break in half.Overall , I think this is a GREAT camera , and I do n't think you can find a better camera for the price .
 Great camera for people like me who just want ease of use , low price and take some reasonable decent pictures , but does not have much time or knowledge to evaluate the different cameras . It is my second digital camera and is much better -LRB- smaller , lighter , cheaper , better video -RRB- than my first one . The 16MB memory card that comes with the camera is pretty much useless because it is too small memory for the 7MB camera . So I bought a 2GB one separately.Highly recommend to buy from Amazon since it is tax-free and free shipping .
 Our company purchase these cameras . A great all around camera . easy to use , fast start up , exposure accurate and sharp , the moive mode is great . The camera is big enough to hold but small enough to fit in a pocket . The `` AA '' battery power source is a great feature and the price point it 's hard to beat .
 I love this camera . It is SUPER EASY to use and takes fantastic pictures . The megapixels are such that you can even blow things up and still have a good quality picture.I would highly recommend this camera . I have had zero problems and love Canon products .
 After using my Sony Cybershot for 5 + years , I decided it was time for a new digital camera . My Sony had cost around $ 275 when I bought it , and it was considered one of the better digital cameras at the time . I thought I would purchase a new Sony Cybershot to replace the old one , but after checking them out , as well as the other brands , I changed my mind . This Canon PowerShot had most of the bells and whistles that the Sony had , but at a much lower price ! I read the reviews and made my choice ... the first test of the camera was on our trip to Disneyland , and the camera was terrific ! Easy to use , a powerful zoom , TONS of photos with the 2gb memory card I added -- what more can I say ? A great little camera for the price .
 This is a great little camera - very lightweight , but just large enough for older fingers to grip easily . It 's easy to use and takes fabulous photos = large enough to reproduce nicely in prints -LRB- we old folks still like prints , dontcha know . -RRB- I would recommend this camera . Buying from Amazon was fast , easy and a bargain price .
 After having had a friends hand me down one pixel camera which no longer connected to any computer in the 21st century , I purchased this camera . Right size for my hands -LRB- smaller is not necessarily better -RRB- and easy to use . The settings were simple to learn and actually more than I needed . You can switch from taking shots to review with one click of a button and back again to taking photos . Quick to use to capture those momentary fleeting kodak moments and even faster to download to my computer with attaching a cord and pressing a button.The zoom takes you right there so I can capture snaps shots from a distance without the subject taking notice and assuming fake stances . I just love this camera and find nothing to be critical of . So if want a camera that is so simple to operate that you will actually use , this is the one .
 first of all , you need to buy good batteries for this camera . I bought a 100-pack of cheapies and they do n't last but a few hours - if they work . Good batteries like energizer will last you a few weeks . I own a Mac and the pictures transfer easily onto iphoto . the 4x optical zoom is a nice improvement from our other 3x zoom on our sony . I was able to buy a 2GB memory card for $ 20 -LRB- sandisk -RRB- from here also . There are also high speed cards available . I 'm already satisfied with the standard one . I do n't do a lot of `` quick '' shots anyways.Only one drawback . The video does n't show up on my imovie . maybe I need more experimenting . I just assumed it would be as easy as the pictures.Overall , I am surprisingly satisfied with this canon product . Especially after being a sony fan for years .
 This camera is very user friendly and takes awesome pictures . It has a large viewing screen and also a view finder . I take a lot of pictures of my daughter and I use the `` kids and pets '' setting to capture fast moving pictures . I love the ease of transferring the pictures to my computer . The batteries are long lasting and the camera is light and fits nicely in my hands . If you want a camera that takes crisp , nice pictures and is easy to use , this is a great camera for you !
 This is my first digital camera . I did a lot of research on Amazon reading reveiws . I ended up purchasing the Canon A 550 and am very happy with it so far . I 've had the camera about two months and very pleased with the quality of the pictures , and the ease of use . I am still working on some of the fine tuning adjustments . But the pictures still look great . I do n't really have any complaints about this camera . I did purchase a 1gb memory card along with the camera , which is plenty of memeory for what I use the camera for . Also I purchased Energizer rechargeable batteries . If you are taking a lot of photo 's it does use up some battery power .
 It has been fine experience . The problem is that the mremory card is in the battery compartment . So if you would like the card out you should bother with openig the battery port too .
 Takes great pictures even in low light . Perfect for my needs - taking pics of family and friends , etc. . Easy to use and transfer pics to my computer . I highly recommend .
 The A550 was purchased for my wife 's primary usage . So far it seems to take excellent photos in various modes , and has been easy for her to use . Her one criteria for a digital camera was there to be a viewfinder so she could see what she was shooting if the sun overpowered the LCD screen . All expectations have been met . Even better , the price at Amazon.com was cheaper than even discount store sale prices around Southern California .
 this is a wonderful camera for any photographer . the picture are clear and crisp . also , you have the option of blurring the backround of the object in which you are taking a picture of , which gives it a great effect . i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for terrific pictures -LRB- and video -RRB- for a low price .
 This is not my first digital camera but at my age it will probably be my last . Its light weight , easy to hold on to , and has enough bells and whistles to make me happy . My only problem is that I ca n't squat to take a picture , I 'm 80 . So I take the high views and leave the low shots to the young .
 I love this camera compared to my last one -LRB- Fuji -RRB- . I 've been messing around with the effects and getting a feel of it for the past hour . The audio/movie is pretty good.It shipped on time and I got it for a really good price compared to buying it in a store .
 I purchased this camera in order to take pictures of my granddaughters . I have not been disapointed . I love being able to set it and not have to wait so long between shots . I can click away and not miss a smile or anything . The quality of the pictures is good also . I download them , print and share . I highly recomend this camera . Especially to novices like myself . It gives me what I want in a digital camera without the big price .
 The best camera i ever purchased . Point and shoot , with a host of other advanced options . For the amount i Paid , Its just spendid . Would recommend this camera for first timers and others who dont want to get too technical about photography .
 Easy to use ... I bought this camera for my dad who is not the most technical person and he has learned how to use it himself . Takes nice pictures . He likes to view the pictures on his TV screen at home by using the cables that came with the camera . Pretty good price too ...
 Wow ! So much is packed into this tiny camera , and the pictures it takes are awesome!It comes with a book for basic use , as well as advanced use . It works well for someone like me that just wants to point and shoot , and get great photos.I recently went to Disneyland , and the photos I took were phenomenal . Night photos , ones that came out clear even when moving -LRB- like on a ride -RRB- and the flash photos were outstanding . Great colors too.The only complaint I have is that it takes too long between photos for the camera to take again . Otherwise , I love it !
 My new Cannon digital camera is wonderful . It is easy to use and produces great pictures . I needed something easy to use and carry around . This answers all my needs . I am very satisfied with my purchase of the Cannondigital camera .
 Being a Wildland Forest Fire Fighter you get to see and do things that most do n't get to experience in a life time . I got this camera right before I was sent off to the Castle Rock fire in Warm Springs/Ketchum , Idaho . . that you may have seen/heard on the news . I was thrilled to see the picture quality and versatillity with the different shooting modes . My pictures turned out great . Though , my memory card did n't hold as many pictures as I would have liked ... around 20-22 with 16MB disk . Overall , this camera fits my needs .
 The camera is my first digital one and was super easy to learn to use . The pictures look great and it 's simple to get the correct exposure . The memory card that comes with the camera has a very small capacity though -LRB- holds about 4 photos -RRB- so a separate memory card is a necessity .
 I purchased this camera to have in addition to my Panasonic Z30 . I wanted something I could carry in my purse and have handy at any time . Though I do take my big camera when shooting up in the hills and need that extra zoom , I am so happy with this little baby . In some ways I like it more than the Panasonic . It is fast , handy and takes beautiful pictures . It has movie mode that works good for a digital still camera and even has sound . All those times I wish I had something I could just grab and shoot , now I do . I highly recommend the Canon A550 and the price is the clincher . Great quality for little money . Ca n't find that much anymore .
 I am happy with this product and purchase with amazon as well , Thank you AMAZON !!
 Great shots , true photo feel , all sorts ah things really . No problems or flaws yet . The supplied batteries shot for several sessions during carnival and all . They are now done after about 2 months . I did n't even set the pic resolution n size for optimum battery life.Great little camera . Am now gon na become more technical with it as I attempt more professional shots as I go about work .
 this camera is on the bulky side as far as cameras go , but the picture quality is great ! it does not come with a case , definately invest in one
 Very pleased with product . Arrived promptly in good shape . Works well with my computer without having to install the software that came with it . Which is a bonus .
 Its a great quality camera that you get for a great price . Its really easy to use and does n't have any problems . Easy uploading and small enough to fit in a medium size purse . Its great !
 I 'm slowly climbing the camera upgrade ladder-this one is so nice !! It came quickly and in perfect shape !! Thank you !
 I loved this camera and was so sad when it was stolen . I wanted to buy it again and could not find it so bought the updated version . The new camera is nice but I really miss this one . It fit in my hand perfectly , took great pictures , great video and was so easy to use . If anything happens to my latest , I would really consider getting this one again .
 excellent pictures in day , night or inside , good video and sound , but the battery cover broken with use
 the product is great . came as advertised . i did contact the seller . she was prompt and was able to answer my question . great experience all round . thankscharles
 Lost our old one and bought this to replace the old one since I had all the accessories . I got this at a great price and am happy with ease of use and quality . Got great reviews on Cnet ...
 Great camera . I have been very pleased with it . A friend dropped it while we were on a cruise and we were able to order the part to fix it . But before then the camera continued to take great pictures even after the damage . Awesome !
 I love this camera . It produces the most amazing pictures . No noise , sharp , stunning colors . I recently compared it to a Panasonic Lumix point and shoot , and the Panasonic came out the loser by a large margin . My only problem with the 550 is that it gives me the low battery indicator light on freshly charged batteries . This is very annoying . I 've found that the higher mah batteries tend to do better . I 've also recently invested in a high-end battery charger to make sure that the batteries I use in the Canon are fully charged -LRB- something I ca n't do with the cheapy chargers that typically come for free when you buy rechargeable batteries -RRB- . My favorite setting
 I must say I am mightily impressed with it . there are extensive reviews on this camera in the net , hence my take on it is more personal.This camera will :1 . take high quality pictures -LRB- 2-3 mb each -RRB- 2 . support a fat 8 GB SD card3 . priced under $ 1504 . shoot movies in mpg format with very good clarity5 . remain rugged even after dropping.The pictures are more than a normal family needs to preserve as memories . They are clear and print worthy . The short movies you can make are absolutely great . Since they are recorded directly in mpg format , one does not have to belabor through encoding which is a norm in all non-disk based camcorders . This is a great feature especially when you do not want to roam around with another piece of video equipment hanging in your shoulder especially when you are going to shoot only small movies -LRB- say of 5 minutes duration max -RRB- . You only need a big 8GB SD card.I bought this camera followed by a Canon PowerShot A560 and Canon PowerShot A590IS . That is three in a row for my family . All are great cameras .
 I bought this Canon PowerShot A550 as an `` update '' for my Canon PowerShot A520 . I 've been pleased with my good ol' 4-megapixel A520 , so I figured I 'd be able to jump right into the 7-megapixel A550 with no learning curve.Exactly as planned . This camera takes good photos in a variety of conditions , and seems `` quicker '' than my A520 -LRB- quicker between-shot times -RRB- . No surprises -- it 's a very-good camera . Cheap , too ! Recommended .
 I really like this camera ! Small and compact digital camera with 4x optical zoom , it is easy to use which is a must for me , since I am technically challenged most of the time . . I use it to take photos of my ebay items and family outings . This small camera takes true color pictures , close up or distant.Also has a convenient carrying strap . Has cord with easy to understand program for downloading the pictures to your personal computer .
 This camera is quick shooting . I have the Cannon 620 and bought this one for my daughter and family.They have had a ball with it since I bought it . Great Value . Great Product .
 Once I read the instruction book and understood what to do , I started taking pictures , very simple to use . I did n't get into the tech stuff but for the normal picture taking it is very simple , and takes great pictures . I recommend buying the Sandisk 2.0 GB memory card for this camera .
 I have never used a digital camera before acquiring this Canon Powershot A 550 from Amazon at a very good price.I wanted to take it with me on a 2 week trip . It arrived promptly and I quickly began taking pictures , downloaded several to my IMac computer , and made some prints by direct hook-up to my Canon multi-function printer/copier/scanner . Everything worked well . I took it on our trip and took over 120 photos . I will be shortly be editing this collection and saving a few to the computer , then deleting the digital card -LRB- 1GB -RRB- clean , for reuse on other photo opportunities . This experience has been an eye-opener . I still have a hugh amount to learn about the wonderful capabilities of this Canon system .
 This was an absolutly great deal . It replaces an A520 that has gone missing in my house . This line of cameras performs well for my purposes . I 'm still learning the ins and outs of digital photography so I ca n't rate all of the features . Small and lightweight . Top quality results when the photographer does n't goof . With it set on auto my 8-year old great grandson has taken some really good pictures.Canon PowerShot A550 7.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoom
 This is my first digital camera , and I 'm having a bit of a time learning how to use it . However , I 'm pleased with the features such as portraits , evening , and video shots . The photos are beautiful . The memory card that comes with the camera , will take appoximately six photos . However , as a beginner , I know there are going to be a lot of nifty features to behold .
 I bought this for my girlfriend who is an amateur . It is small enough to carry in her purse , large enough that it fits well in her hand . The pictures are well exposed and fairly sharp . I was disappointed slightly with the screen view ... not as sharp as I would like . It is great for candids , pretty reasonable shutter lag , and overall , a nice camera to just take along .
 It 's not bad to work with , it takes nice pictures!Nice looking camera and very light .
 Just connected A550 camera to my laptop with INCLUDED cable .1 . DigiKam immediatly asked if I wanted to down load pictures - and showed me a thumbnail of each .2 . No DigiKam - type `` yum install digikam '' and you have it in 20 secondsIf you run windows or mac - you need to install software from the CD - not necessary with linux.I am running Fedora 5 and 7 and Ubuntu - worked the same for each .
 This is my first digital camera . I did a lot of research on Amazon reading reveiws . I ended up purchasing the Canon A 550 and am very happy with it so far . I 've had the camera about two months and very pleased with the quality of the pictures , and the ease of use . I am still working on some of the fine tuning adjustments . But the pictures still look great . I do n't really have any complaints about this camera . I did purchase a 1gb memory card along with the camera , which is plenty of memeory for what I use the camera for . Also I purchased Energizer rechargeable batteries . If you are taking a lot of photo 's it does use up some battery power .
 I originally had a different version of this Canon camera with only 6mp and my darling daughter accidentally threw it away ! By the time I realized it , it was already at the dump and had been rained on for days . Sigh . I loved that camera . I looked for the exact one on Amazon , but could n't find it . I found this camera and it was HALF THE PRICE of my first one and had more megapixels - looks almost exactly the same . The first one I bought at Best Buy for $ 300 ! Sheesh ! OK , so I ordered this one and got it within just a few days . It takes GREAT pictures and is as easy to use as my old one . I am a teacher , and I use it a lot . A teacher friend of mine saw how great and clear the pics are and bought one , too ! You wo n't be sorry if you buy this one .
 Great product . I got this camera to replace my aged Olympus and I have been impressed thus far . This camera takes razor sharp pictures and eliminates the need for a separate camcorder as it shoots brilliant videos as well . 3 video settings are available , but the default `` standard '' setting delivers sharp videos . I recommend buying a high capacity SD card if you want to shoot longer than 10 minutes of video . A I GB card gets you a little less than 10 minutes of video so plan appropriately . Slim enough to fit in a pocket and has a big LCD screen . Battery life is quite impressive . Highly recommended !
 I have been using this camera quite a bit and am completely happy . It has both point and shoot , and slr features . You can take quick shots or get started with amiture photography . The software was easy to use , easy to set up , and it works well on my Mac . It has the quality the you would expect with the canon name .
 Am a very low-tech/amateur photographer who just welcomed the first grand daughter into the family . Set it on Auto and started shooting . The pics are sharp , colorful , and the camera so very easy to use and comfortable to handle . The battery life is much better than I thought -LSB- ... -RSB- and they have lasted for a long time . It is very easy to transfer shots into the computer as well . We just had a 10 day visit and shot about 1200 pictures . Beautiful . And the video was clear and had excellent sound . Only caveat
 This is a great little camera . Very easy to use for the technically challenged and the photos have come out great . I bought it for a trip to the Caribbean and the photos are very crisp . Also great on pet photos where they tend to move on you . The batteries last much longer than my last digital camera .
 Over all it 's a fantastic little camera . The only thing I 'd like better is a metal body , but its features make it well worth while anyway . Small and light-weight , easy to use . Also has an optical viewfinder - some people still prefer these though they are getting rare on digitals . It saves battery life to shoot without it , and the monitor is always there if you want to use its preview mode , so having the option is nice.The camera starts up quickly and shutter lag is minimal -LRB- I 'm used to a 4 yr-old Olympus which is slow so I really like it -RRB- . Canon is known for good optics , a superb CMOS sensor , and excellent processor -LRB- DIGIC II -RRB- . From using this camera I can tell how good those are . It also takes AA batteries , which are easy to find and cheap!In short , a great camera .
 I bought the camera to use on a trip to Lake Tahoe , NV . The scenery was beautiful and the camera was so easy to operate that I got lots of wonderful pictures . I would recommend this camera to anyone who wants to take great pictures without a lot of problems . It is small and easy to handle .
 We 've been using this camera for months now and liked it fine for the usual family snapshots and typical vacation scenery shots . Ten days ago , I had a whim to get some flower photos.After a quick look in the manual , I found it quite easy to snap some macro shots . I was astounded by the results . The beauty of the close-ups far exceeded my expectations.Now I see the velvety texture of the petals and the shadings of color and wonderful patterns in nature . Whenever I have a few minutes , I take the camera for a walk . Who knows what I might find ; a blue jay 's feather , red berries on a bush , clover in an open meadow ... My eye is drawn to the minute objects and details usually overlooked in the landscape . Macro photography has opened my eyes to the beauty of tiny things.The camera is lightweight and easy to keep steady while snapping a close-up . Now I want to try out all those other buttons that I 've been ignoring . Who knows what new photographic areas I may yet conquer . My macro photos are drawing rave reviews from friends and family .
 I love this camera ! I have really only used it so far on the automatic setting , but the pictures are great ! It is just the right size for me , small and light . So far I have found absolutely nothing about it that I do not like .
 I am not electrically inclined however , this light weight easy to use great picture taking camera was well worth the purchase . I have recommmended it to friends and family members considering purchasing a digital camera .
 I probably would give this 3.5 out of 5 stars.The first camera I received had a battery cover that stuck so I returned it as I had a similar issue with an earlier model Canon.The second camera that Amazon sent -LRB- great return process btw -RRB- works great except for a shutter cover that occassionally sticks . Stills are fantastic quality . I recently took a vacation to Hawaii and the detail from some of the shots is just amazing . Videos seem to have a somewhat blue-tint but I have n't tried to see if this is correctable with video editing software -LRB- I am not intending to use this as a video device -RRB- . Overall a fairly decent camera wrt optics , just a few issues with some of the packaging/casing as noted .
 I researched this camera before purchasing and knew I would be making a wise purchase considering the price and ease of use . I have a higher end camera -LRB- digital SLR -RRB- that I 'm very fond of , but wanted a point and shoot to slip in my purse . I 'm not disappointed I bought this one ... the colors are amazing ! If you are looking for a beginner camera , this is the one . If you are a more experienced photographer and want a camera to slip in your pocket that you can rely on , this one will work for you too !
 I like the picture quality and battery life I 've been getting , but the shutter seems to want to get stuck here and there . I had read on other reviews that this was common , but who knew it could happen to me!Other than that gal-danged shutter , I think this camera is pretty nice and does everything I need it to do , and I only paid $ 150 with shipping overnight !
 I bought this to replace an earlier model Canon PowerShot -LRB- which I gave to my husband -RRB- . This one is much lighter because it only uses 2 AA batteries instead of 4 AA 's like the older model . I sell on eBay & website and the colors , clarity , ease of use are excellent . I highly recommend this camera and would gladly buy another for myself or a gift .
 Takes great pictures , nice price . A bigger memory card is a must .
 This is a great little camera . it 's easy to use and printing pics is very easy .
 We are no experts in photography and this camera is just what we needed , easy to use . The auto mode is fantastic ... always good pictures -LRB- for the non-expert users , at least -RRB- . The close-up mode is a very good feature , too .
 I got just what i had hoped for and the previous reviews were really helpful as a guide to what would have matched my interest.There are so many features that i really like and the camera is user friendly , portable and easy to manage.I would have been glad if i made a close look at the LCD.I would have liked an LCD that can turn around and is not fixed since i like taking pictures of myself.which would have helped me to see myself before i take the picture.But otherwise this is not a big deal , once i got used to it , am taking nice pictures of myself , without trouble .
 I bought this for a friend and it has been working smoothly and great all the time . I can not imagine any better . The delivery was fantastic , fast and nothing was damaged or scratched . Great service !
 I purchased the Canon A540 for my daughter , so when I was looking to purchase a camera for myself , knowing how good the Canon was , I decided to purchase the A550 . I am very happy with it .
 This is an excellent camera for the price . Very good optics . Modes easy to select and use .
 color is nice and it is very convenient to take A550 with you
 I bought this camera to keep in the truck because I always seem to forget to take one with me . This is a nice small camera with many good fetures.It takes really good pictures any price . It can use rechargeable batteries and they have never needed recharging during a picture taking use . See all my reviews
 the camera is everything i expected . performs very well takes excellent pictures and is fairly easy to use
 Cannon Powert Shot A550 is a good digital camera , you can get excelent photos and no need to much experience , in adittion you can record a video which sound .
 Shipped quickly , Shoots great pictures without any major hassle or tech savy skills . Easy to use and carry in a small bag or purse .
 Great pictures . Adequate battery life . It 's great for a non-professional taking photos while hiking/biking/etc .
 I purchased this camera for my daughter 's 25th birthday . The camera is easy to use and takes excellent pictures . The price was unbeatable . The delivery was very fast . I would recommend the vendor and the camera .
 I have n't had a chance to do any fancy stuff but the quality is great and it 's easy to use .
 I love the camera . Easy to use and small but not too small so that it is hard to press the buttons . Easy to download into my computer and an overall wonderful product .
 this camera is actually one i got thinking it was the same model as my old canon but turned out to be an upgrade ! It was a great price and shipping was super fast ! The product is better than i could 've hoped for and i 'm loving it !
 Wonderful pictures , great zoom , super value ! Perfect camera for my 14year old daughter 's birthday .
 After doing some online research , I decided to purchase this camera due to the large number of positive reviews it had received , along with the reasonable price . -LRB- This is my first digital camera purchase . -RRB- As someone who is limited in their technical knowledge , I wanted something that would give me good results , without complicated instructions . I have been very happy with the photos I have taken so far ... and I have n't even used all the features that this camera offers ! I am looking forward to becoming even more familiar with all of its capabilities -- and using it to its fullest potential . I like the fact that it uses 2 double-A batteries , because those are relatively inexpensive and easy to find . Also , it is small enough to fit in my purse , which has worked out great for plane travel .
 This is my second camera -LRB- other is a power shot s1 -RRB- . The power shot takes better photos but is often too big to carry everywhere . The A550 is small and takes 2 batteries so lightweight and easy to bring along anywhere . The picture quality is good too and we have taken many memorable pictures already .
 This product is awesome in my opinion . The pictures look good , I liked the software that came with it , and the video recorder is awesome as well .
 Purchased as a gift for daughter , so I ca n't review the actual product , but friends with a similar camera have been very satisfied . Shipping of this camera was superior , arriving two days earlier than projected .
 I 'm very happy with the ease of use and the compact size ! It would have been nice if the LCD was 2.5 inches . A great camera for the point and shoot brigade .
 I needed an inexpensive camera that would take good pictures and be around for a while . After some research I went with this one . I am pleased .
 I really did some research on digital cameras , even tried out a Sony , but the Canon brand is by far one of the best . I do n't have to do a lot of thinking when snapping a picture with this camera , it does most of the work ! I like to be able to think about the compostion of my photo and not ISO , aperature , and all that jazz . The settings make it so easy and the color of the photos turn out so true . The digital zoom is great and will even alert you if the picture will come out blurry . There are so many features on this camera , too many to list . I even found a great deal at Best Buy on a 2 gig memory card , I get over 1,000 photos with a high resolution ! It takes alkaline batteries , but I bought rechargeable ones and one charge lasts a long time . I am sooo happy with this camera , I take it with me everywhere , even a couple of days to work .
 I ordered a Nikon Coolpix L6 -LRB- 6MP Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom -RRB- and then ran into a friend at a party . He had one and I gave it a try . SLOW and fair pics . I went home , jumped online and changed the order to the Canon PowerShot A550 . This camera is slightly larger , but is quick , good zoom , easy enough on the batteries and takes wonderful pics . Make usre you buy additional SD cards 'cause you 'll love using this camera .
 For the birthday party , vacations , and casual user , this camera is outstanding at the price . For about $ 200 , you get the great resolution and GREAT color , compact size , and usability you need with 15 kids running around you at a party ! You will , of course , immediately need a memory card before using it -LRB- the one in the package serves up about 8 pics ! -RRB- The SanDisk memory cards are supercheap , and I bought both a 1 and 2 GB version , both of which work great -LRB- 2GB will hold about 1,000 pics ... plenty -RRB- . The program for your computer can be a little clumsy to load , but within 20 minutes I had the program and all my recent pics all loaded into my computer.Awesome for the price , and unless you are a professional photographer looking to get published in National Geographic , you can not beat the value priced A550 for 7.1 megapixels and the Canon name . Fill your family scrapbook for under $ 200 .
 I wanted a camera that the whole family could use - Including my 10 year old son . This camera has proven to be that and much more ! What impresses me the most is the astounding battery life and the quick focus features . It is at an excellent price point as well . Our pictures no longer suffer from the dreaded ` redeye ' effects . I upgraded from a 4 year old Olympus4 megapixel camera and am blown away by the improvements over that period.Canon rocks !
 This is simply a great camera to get whether you are buying a digital camera for the first time or the fifth time . Why ? Because you get all the Canon quality and features for a very good price . At this price you can afford to even gift it to a teenager who wants to learn a little more photography as it offers a little more than just point and shoot.I 've owned about 4 A series cameras in the past , along with S2/S3 series and SD series and I still recommend A series as the best value for money based on its performance . I tried this particular camera when I bought it recently for a gift . Although the size of A series cameras is bigger than SD series making them jacket-pocket cameras , the advantage is in the styling . It gives you a convenient grip on the side which helps hold the camera steady and results in less `` blurry '' pictures than SD . The mode selector dial on top helps you zip through selections from portrait , landscape to nightshot and special scenes . The convenience of AA batteries which are available in every corner of the world , no missing out on pictures as your battery was discharged , is a great convenience . You can buy 2NiMH batteries with a charger like I did , and never have to buy any more again . The screen is only 2 inch -LRB- up from 1.8 earlier -RRB- but it makes the camera more durable , as the design makes it more resistant to damage.And what about the features ? : - It has an intelligent 9 point focusing system with auto red eye correction which means it can choose the focus pretty accurately , although it also gives you the flexibility to choose the focus through 3 modes . -LRB- Centered , Evaluative , Spot -RRB- - SD card/MMC card slot - These cards are so cheap now so get the 2GB to store a whole vacation 's worth of pictures.-Pic size - You can choose from 6 sizes for the pics including a widescreen 16:9 format which can be viewed on your HDTV.-Speed Dial
 Canon 's PowerShot A550 is a simple , inexpensive 7-megapixel camera , and that 's all it wants to be . While it has some nice features , it does n't offer any outstanding , unique aspects that put it above any other camera in the field , and that 's just fine . Good performance and solid images are all a camera needs to succeed , and the A550 delivers just that.Though not quite small enough to slip into your jeans , the A550 is still comfortably compact . At 7.4 ounces and 1.7 inches thick , the camera can fit easily into most jacket pockets and bags . The camera 's body has an L-shaped design found on most of Canon 's PowerShot A series , giving it a generous grip . The buttons are large and comfortable , and they 're laid out logically along the back and the top of the camera.The A550 is a fairly nondescript camera , with few outstanding or unusual features . Its most notable attribute is its 35mm-to-140mm-equivalent 4X zoom lens , which gives it just a bit more range than the 3X lenses typical of most budget cameras . It has a smaller-than-usual 2-inch LCD screen that is augmented by an optical viewfinder for shooting in dim light . Besides those features , the A550 has the standard handful of scene presets and image adjustment settings , including a 30fps VGA -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- movie mode and a pleasantly unexpected 60fps QVGA -LRB- 320x240 -RRB- high-speed movie mode . Finally , like most Canon PowerShot A-series cameras , the A550 conveniently takes AA batteries.The A550 performed well in almost all of our Labs ' tests . After its brisk start-up time of 1.5 seconds , we could snap a shot once every 1.7 seconds , a great improvement over previous PowerShot A5x0 cameras . Unfortunately , with the onboard flash enabled , that time more than tripled to 4.9 seconds per shot . The camera 's shutter was responsive , lagging less than 0.5 seconds with our high-contrast target and a modest 1.2 seconds with our low-contrast target . Burst mode was also pleasantly fast , managing 51 full-resolution shots in 31.4 seconds for a rate of 1.6 frames per second.Photos looked pretty good , though they 're marred by overprocessing and fringing in spots . Colors reproduce well , though indoor photos shot with automatic white balance come out very yellow , a common problem for most snapshot cameras . Noise is low up to ISO 400 sensitivity , where a fine grain starts to appear . Images are predictably noisy at ISO 800 sensitivity , with speckling damaging fine details and softening colors . ISO 800 is usually reserved for low-light and high-speed shooting , and everyday snapshots should n't have many problems.With quick performance and decent photos , the Canon PowerShot A550 is a solid budget camera . It does n't have many special features and it 's not particularly small or light , but it 's a strong choice if you do n't want to spend a lot for your snapshots .
 I bought this camera for a trip my husband and I took to Scotland and England in May . Since this was our first digital camera , I researched many different brands and decided on this one because of the price , the actual pictures other users had uploaded and the reviews . We were not disappointed at all ! It was so easy to use - we just left it on auto and it chose all the perfect settings - we 've also gotten so many compliments on the quality of the pictures ! We used a 2gb memory card and chose lithium batteries . We took over 400 pictures and did n't fill up the card and did n't wear out the batteries which is excellent considering we were gone for 12 days !! I highly recommend this camera to anybody but especially first time digital camera users .
 I purchased this camera to have a Point and Shoot available when the occasion does n't call for a full blown 9-10 megapixel DSLR-type like my Fuji S9000.Fujifilm Finepix S9000 9MP Digital Camera with 10.7 x Wide Optical ZoomThe Canon shoots amazingly fast and produces a large format photo right out of the box . I like the Canon menu tree - it 's easy to know where you 're going for settings . The LCD is bright and crystal clear . The Canon DIGIC II electronics are worth Googleing and reading about.The selling point that persuaded me to buy the A550 7.1 MP is the TTL Optical -LRB- Through The Lense -RRB- vuefinder . Most other PnS cameras leave you with only a LCD screen to vue through ... I find them awkward and not true when composing a shot.SD media is the most inexpensive and available on the market . The A550 can use SD , SDHC and MMC . A couple 1Gig pieces should serve you well , the faster writing the better - DO N'T SKIMP HERE . A slow writing media card will bother you eventually.Arm yourself with 3 or 4 changes of rechargeable batteries and go shoot the world , or at least try . Read your Manual - download one from the Canon site to browse while on the computer . You 'll find this camera is about as versatile as they come .
 We wanted a camera that uses AA batteries -LRB- for convenience -RRB- and is easy to hold -LRB- for my young children when they take picture of us -RRB- so we bought this camera . I had a Canon Powershot A80 and liked the picture quality but it broke after three years of use . The A80 was quite expensive at that time so I hesitate to get another point-and-shot that priced at the higher-end . We are very satisfied with the price , the picture quality , and the functions of the A550 . The only shortcoming of the A550 I noticed so far is that the recharge of the flash is quite slow -LRB- even with full battery -RRB- so there is a longer-than-usual wait time before you can take the next picture after using flash .
 I purchased the A550 as a light backup for an extensive Olympus DSLR system . There are times when one wants a small camera just for snapshots or backpack , but more importantly for me , I want a ` safety net ' that is easy to use , produces good results and uses a common power supply . Hence , after a lot of shopping around I purchased the 550 . First , as a bottom line , the camera produces excellent results , even in its most simple ` point and shoot ' mode . Images are sharp , clean and properly exposed -LRB- more reliable than my Oly dslr 's -RRB- , even when there is some backlighting present . It has a manual feature which permits exposure compensation , ISO selection and other settings . Its movie capabilities are impressive . It has an optical viewfinder for power saving and those situations where it is too bright to use the lcd for composition . The camera fires up quickly and it has easy to use menus that provide many options.My Olympus cameras all use a proprietary battery system that requires I haul around a charger and a couple of backup batteries . But they are power hogs . The A550 takes off-the-shelf AA alkaline batteries available anywhere . I use rechargeable Sanyo Eneloops or Rayovac hybrids and , frankly , I have no idea of how many photos I can take because I have never run them down . My guess is a couple of hundred shots using the lcd , maybe three or four hundred without . That 's a lot of photography . A heck of a safety net . At a time when TSA is starting to restrict how many lithium camera batteries one can pack I say kudos to Canon for keeping a fine line of cameras running on both AA 's and SD cards , rather than the miserable xD 's preferred by Olympus and Fuji for their compacts.There are some other things I like . The camera has an optical zoom feature , which is generally pretty useless on most cameras . The A550s is n't brilliant , but I do find I can extend the telephoto maybe 50-100mm without too much loss of sharpness , cutting my need to manually crop later . I also find that I do not need to use it at its lowest compression to get excellent results up through 8x10 '' prints . Slap in a 2 meg SD card and you 're good for well over a thousand shots.Quibbles . Of course there are always some . The flash unit takes up to 10 seconds to recycle , and the lcd is n't the sharpest kid on the block . And , I truly wish that Canon would give its compacts a bit more wide angle capability . 35mm is fine for most situations , but 28mm would be great for those of us who do landscapes and cityscapes . The sliding battery/memory card door is a tad on the flimsy side , but overall , the camera is well built.I understand that Canon has upgraded the 550 . The 560 includes face recognition and other new features which I really do n't care much about , but doubtless add to the functionality of the camera . At the end of the day I am very satisfied with what I have , and if you can find one at a rock bottom price -LRB- somewhere in the vicinity of $ 115-20 -RRB- you just can not go wrong .
 Bought this for my non tech savy wife , and have been using it until I can afford a better digital SLR myself . Surprisingly this camera for the 150.00 we spent is very good . There is some minor distortion -LRB- grain -RRB- on some photos that the camera pushed to extreme auto ISO settings , but for normal point and shoot , you ca n't beat this for the money . The controls are well laid out and easy to use , even quickly without having to page through settings . The Auto setting works great for 90 % of the photos shot , and then the other settings work even better . I shot my kids outdoors during sunset and into the night with the KIDS AND PETS setting and got awesome still mid air shots of them diving off the diving board in the dark ! The flash caught them and the shutter speed was fast enough to freeze the action even in the dark . The movie mode was grainy in the dark-which is to be expected , but quite usable under normal circumstances . I have used Picasa software -LRB- free download -RRB- to store my shots and the only real editing I have been doing is sharpening them in the dark photos . Other than that , everything has been pretty good on its own . I am picky on using cameras and for the cost of this one , I ca n't complain . It fills a much needed void . My only complaint is I wish it had a bit more zoom -LRB- maybe 5x instead of 4 -RRB- and a slightly wider angle for wide angle shots , but that 's being extremely picky . Definately worth the money !
 We all know you ca n't see the view screen outdoors because of the glare . No problem - just use the view finder , right ? Wrong . Its so far off , when I `` center '' my shots , the photo comes out with my subject OUTSIDE of where I framed my shot . That 's right . I put the person 's face in the center of the viewfinder and the photo downloads their torso . -LRB- Not operator error - I have 40 years photography experience from Brownie Camera to 35 mm - including darkroom -RRB- I wonder if its all the PowerShots or just this particular camera . It may have to go back.Otherwise it does what a digital camera is supposed to do .
 I have n't tried all of the features yet but the pictures are clear and have great detail . I 've had one problem in taking a shot at night with flash around a highly reflective sign which pretty much blacked out the subjects . I have been particularly impressed with the digital zoom . Pictures I 've taken in the past when I 've exceeded the optical zoom have been a little fuzzy . This camera has given me some pretty clear shots at the maximum digital and optical zooms . With a 2 GB SD card , I get over 1,000 pictures . It 's great having the LCD display and the optical viewer . I can select the area that needs to be the center of focus and the pictures come out sharp .
 The Canon PowerShot A550 is conveniently small and light , but mighty . The quality of even standard pictures is excellent . The zoom is easily operated without looking . There is a one minute video function . The batteries are easy to obtain , or one can go rechargeable . My favorite feature of the camera is that a non-techie like me finds it logical and very user friendly .
 I bought this camera as a replacement for my very old 2.1 MP Kodak Easyshare . I really like the ease of use and the picture quality . One thing I really like is that it is ready to take a photo within one or two seconds of turning the camera on . My old camera would take a few seconds . I also like that the camera uses AA batteries and an SD memory card.The only thing I would like to see on this camera that it does n't have , and the one thing that makes my rating a four instead of five , is an anti-blur feature . Other than that I am very pleased .
 For the price this is an excellent buy . There are a good number of features and settings and it is fairly easy to use . Once you figure out a few basic functions you can start snapping . The picture quality is very good , even on 16X digital zoom . I recommend buying the soft case , as the camera does not come with anything to put it in . All in all this is a great product .
 I love this camera ! Took it on a rafting trip down the Snake River in Wyoming and had no trouble coming up with sharp , clear pictures . I like the way it feels in my hand . Definitely ergonomically correct . The only thing I would suggest to anyone purchasing this little gem is to buy a bigger memory card . The one that comes with the camera gives you only about 6 to 8 pictures .
 The Canon Power Shot A550 is a fun and easy to use camera . I have never used a digital and after reading the book and playing with it , I have found I can take great pictures.It 's easy to put you shots on the computer with a universal card reader or with the software that comes with it.Have a good time .
 This camera is amazing ! The 7.1 megapixels make extremely clear pictures and the size is great for a point-and-shoot camera . It is working out great for business and personal !
 The ordering process was extremely easy . The camera was delivered before the expected day of delivery . The product works great !
 I think this camera is a very good option for people in general , mainly for beginners . It would be even greater if it had a bigger LCD screen .
 I love this camera . It was in my price range and it takes awesome pictures . Since it takes AA 's I would recommend buying the lithium batteries . They cost a bit more , but they last really long . I got my camera in May and I 'm only on my second pair of batteries . I would definitely recommend this camera .
 Good price or I would not have bought it . Shipped by ground , but came relative fast . No complaints
 Use it all the time , no complaints other than batteries wear out pretty fast . Buy a 2gb memory card and your worries are over for storage .
 Easy to use , sharp clear images , great video . All in all an excellent camera for the money .
 This is my 2nd Canon Powershot camera . My first one lasted 7 years with constant use ! It 's easy , quick , fun , lightweight , and `` even a caveman , caveWOman can use it '' . Buy it now . The photos are clear and crisp , and transfering from camera to computer is VERY simple . Betty in Florida
 This camera was given to someone else as a gift so I ca n't vouch for the quality of the item . However , I did get to take a few sample pictures with it and operate the controls ; and found it to be loaded with features and easy to use .
 Repalced camera same one i had for great price as I droped my oher one and broke it I enjoy this camera as it is compact and does video also which i love . Has many features for picture taking close and specific setting and closeups etc. .
 I bought this camera to carry in my vehicle for my job . It is the best . I am no camera expert , so it is easy for me to use . Never had a problem , batteries do n't last long before needing to replace so , I got new rechargables and now no problems . Good camera . Have used a lot , good pics . Buy this and you will be happy .
 Originally purchased this camera when new and always enjoyed using it and the great pictures it took . Fast-forward several years later and I `` lost '' it on a cross country trip with a soon-to-be-ex-girlfriend -LRB- ca n't tell you how much I would have preferred to lose the girlfriend instead , but that 's another review -RRB- . Anyway , while searching for a replacement -LRB- and there are many to chose from these days -RRB- I stumbled upon Ocean Reef Electronics here on Amazon who was offering the same camera for ... wait for it ... $ 25 ! It was a refurb -LRB- their specialty I assume -RRB- so with some hesitation I took a chance and pushed the button . Only two days later the camera arrived and holly-cow , it 's the spit 'n image of the one I lost -LRB- did I mention I wished it was my ex-gf that would have fallen out of my truck instead ? Ok , I digress . . -RRB- . This one looks 99.99 % brand new -- you 'd never guess it was a refurb -- what a deal ! I paid a little over $ 120 for this camera way back when and now I have it back from the abyss -LRB- where lost cameras go I assume -RRB- for only $ 25 ! I tell ya it was like having an undo button for my life !! I love this camera and I 'm ever so thankful to Ocean Reef Electronics for making this reunion possible -- not to mention their crazy-quick service -LRB- TWO DAYS !!! -RRB- . Now , if I could only click `` undo '' on this girlfriend problem ... say , I wonder if Ocean Reef could refurb my ... nah , probably not .
 I have this little camera about three years now . It goes with me wherever I go because of its convenient size . After reading MOST of the reviews I am surprised that people have not addressed the BEST feature besides taking very good pictures , on the A550 - IT HAS AN OPTICAL VIEW FINDER ! ! ! That allows you to take a QUICK picture in bright daylight . Just about impossible with ALL other digital cameras were you have to interpret that barely visible image on the washed out screen . To me this is the deal breaker for all other newer cameras . Yes , there are the SLRs but they do n't meet my size requirement . I just hope that my A550 last many more years because there are no cameras in this size that have an optical view finder .
 I have owned canon cameras for several years now and I continue to buy . One of the best features is taking pics of people or things at night time and them come out perfectly ! You ca n't really see through the view finder , but you can adjust/guessimate . Try it out!I bought this camera due to a dog eating my last A530 model or I would not have needed another camera so soon !!
 Bought this for my daughters 15th birthday and she loves it . Only downside is non rechargable batteries . She took this on our vacation to CA last week and got some great shots ! Perfect beginner camera for a teen !
 Excellent camera and delivered within expected time frame ! Extremely pleased !
 I bought this Camera to take pics at my Daughter 's wedding . The pics turned out terrific . Some better than the Professional Photog .
 This little camera is great for the price . It is compact and easy to take places . The pictures are high quality and the battery life is great . I 'd recommend this camera to anyone who wishes to take pictures at special gatherings or just for day to day events .
 a terrific camera . easy to use . no more wasted film . i love everything about it .
 I bought this camera as a gift for my daughter . She absolutely loves it ! The pictures are sharp and clear , and the camera is so easy to use.My daughter loves all the features on it . We would buy this camera again , maybe for myself next time !
 Very nice camera and easy to use . Lightweight and large viewing screen . Would recommend this camera to others .
 This camera replaces my older a70 model , it is lighter and I find easier to use and does take great pics and also nice videos @ a very nice price , a great starter camera for anyone . Iam using this one more than my other bigger more expensive cameras
 This is the best camera you will find for the price . It really is easy to use and takes awsome pictures . Amazon , s price beat even Ebay , s.
 I am definitely NOT good with cameras or complicated high tech devices . This camera has a lot of great features that I will probably never learn to use , but is easy enough for me to take nice , clear pictures . My other family members , who are much more tech savvy , loved the camera . It 's a very nice camera that has capabilities way beyond mine ! I 'd recommend it to a new or seasoned photographer . Great deal for the price !
 Is a nice camera for the price . I was n't looking for a professional one , just a regular to give as a gift for my wife and she loved it.If you are n't a pro , this may suit you for a while .
 Hey everyone . I just got the A550 after having a three year old 5.1 MP camera from Canon , same body and similar features . So far I love my new camera ; I do n't think you 'll find a better camera for the price . Also , I shopped around and most stores no longer carry them -LRB- the A560 and 570 are the newest models , priced around $ 200 + , and the only major difference as far as I can tell is that they have image stabilization , a new feature -RRB- . If you have a steady hand I 'm not sure how much of a difference this would make . As a poor college student I was thrilled with the price and quality of this purchase . Enjoy !
 I bought this product for my 10-year old boy 's digital photography class and it works out to be a winner in class , the kids love the video option . The batteries did run out in class and he was able to replace them with regular AA batteries handily . The only thing I hoped could have come with the package was a longer strap , to wear over the neck , so the camera wo n't drop -LRB- even with the hand strap on -RRB- . It might be a good idea to include both a hand strap and a neck strap in the package for the customer 's option .
 Bought this as an upgrade to my older 2.1 mp canon camera , and was not disappointed . Even with 1600x1200 resolution images -LRB- good enough for 4x6 prints -RRB- I can get 3600 + on a 2GB card which was more than enough for a 2 week vacation . I could also easily change resolutions for those times when I needed the extra resolution.One plus I found was being able to use regular AA batteries , even though the batteries I had died , I could replace them easily and kept shooting , something I could not do with my other camera which had a special rechargeable battery and charger.Another thing I was surprised was the 16x -LRB- combined 4x optical and 4x digital -RRB- . Even though I was far away , I could still get a decent picture that was not all that degraded , a substantial gain from the 5x -LRB- optical + digital -RRB- from my older camera .
 It arrived early from Amazon.I am very happy w the camera.The use of AA batteries is a great feature
 This was my first ever digi cam . I bought it in June 2007 . So its been more than 2 yrs now and I am having no issues with this Canon baby . I would surely recommend this cam to everyone.All in all , it has been a fantastic camera for the last 2 yrs of my use and still going well.Only issue I have found is when you shoot in night-mode , the images get blured and photo objects get mixed with each other .
 Great when it came out and still good , but now there is a version with IS !!! for about twenty more . Well worth it to get the newer version with IS .
 This is the best purchase I have made in a long time . I appreciate the reviews posted by others as they were key in deciding what camera to purchase.The price was right . The size of the screen is a bit small but the images are clear . Access to the features is organized logically . This is the 1st digital camera that I have owned and I did n't need to read the manual . That said ... I 'm sure this camera has lots of features I have not even used ! I travelled for three weeks in October and the Cannon performed well in all settings interior , exterior , varying light conditions , scenery , people ... I specifically wanted a camera with AA batteries . My friends tried to disuade me - they were sure I 'd be replacing the batteries constantly . I put AA Lithium batteries in the Cannon in Sep 07 and have not replaced them despite lots of use
 I love this camera ! The pictures are clear , it 's very portable and easy to use . Great quality . We also like the video function . It 's great on batteries . We have rechargeables and I do n't find myself changing them that often . The only negative comment I would have is that it takes a few seconds for the flash to recharge so if you 're trying to take a lot of pictures indoors you have to be a little patient . But still , I 'm very glad I bought this camera .
 Excellent camera for the money . Could not beat the Amazon price and I really tried . The software that comes with the camera is all you need , it is excellent . This is the bottom of the line for the PowerShot , but it has most of the feautres that the average user will ever need . I strongly recommend it .
 I looked around and searched a lot of reviews . I ended up buying this camera as more of a back up camera , but I am extremely impressed and will probably just keep it as my only camera!The camera is great on batteries -LRB- I use Duracell 's top end rechargeable -RRB- , takes great outdoor pictures , movie is better than expected , and the features are easy to use . Really impressed by the quick start up time and time between pictures.This camera is great for someone looking for a great point and shoot -LRB- plus more -RRB- . Amazing price for a great camera !
 I recently purchased the Canon PowerShot A550 and , to date , have enjoyed it very much . I am hardly a `` camera person '' -- digital or otherwise , so was a bit apprehensive while looking for a digital . Friends recommended Canon . As I have a Canon `` film '' camera and love it , I looked at the `` PowerShot '' . It was offered at a very good price and had excellent reviews.The reveiews all said how easy it was to use , and they 're right ! It also takes great shots -- clear and highly detailed . In short , the camera does all I need it for -- and then some . The fact that it uses AA bateries is a plus , as well .
 What a difference a camera can make ! I purchased the HP equivalent to this camera about six months ago . About 2 months after purchasing it , it started giving me lens errors and the camera would not turn on ! Not only that but the pictures I did get just were n't that impressive . So I purchased this little guy and let me tell you , the difference is amazing . I love the fact that it has a large screen and different modes for children and pets -LRB- I have both -RRB- . I also really love the fact that you can focus yourself , this allows me to take some great shots of things that I could never take with other cameras . It reminds me of my older more expensive manual Canon . It comes with wires to hook it up to my big screen and even enlarged , the pictures are amazing ! I got this camera for a steal and I would have paid full price !
 I own about 10 cameras . This is my second digital . The pictures are superb . The videos are great . It is so-so easy to carry around ; fits in your pocket so you can take it anywhere `` just in case '' . I highly recommend this camera to novices and experts alike .
 It works great . I love the picture quality and movie capabilities . I like how compact it is because I need my stuff to be as portable as possible . I also enjoy all the control I have with the different settings I can use to adapt with every location , situation , and individual picture -LRB- versatility is always a plus -RRB- . It 's a great value . I got everything I wanted from a digital camera without paying $ 200 or more . Overall I love it .
 I have n't had the product that long so that is why I only gave it a 4 rating . So far I really like it . There is not much lag time in between pictures which is really nice because I have a 21/2 year old and a 2 month old so you have to be quick with the pics or you miss it . I have always had Canon 's and had to replace my old one because my son threw it on the floor and it stopped working . So far I really love it !! I would recommend this product to anyone . Plus it takes AA batteries which I love .
 This is my first digital camera . After speaking to a friend who has sold cameras in the past , I was advised to go with a canon because they all have a glass lens instead of plastic . I find this camera very easy to use . After reading the owners manual only once I am able to use the manual settings easily . The only problem I have had , is that when I use manual mode and zoom in on anything , I tend to get blurry pictures . I 'm assuming this is a problem with me not the camera . I may need to adjust shutter speed in some of these modes . I purchased lithium batteries and have been pleased with the battery life . The software is easy to use , and uploading pictures to my computer and the internet has been easy . I have not printed any yet . My sister also has a canon powershot , the one she has is 5 megapixels and she is just as pleased as I am with my 7.1 megapixel . I think this camera was great deal for the price .
 I still shoot 35mm film with my Canon AE1 , but I 've been looking for a small digital I can carry in a pocket or small bag while traveling . I 've always trusted Canon 's quality , so after research , I chose this one . I just returned from Alaska , and found this little camera went places my film camera could n't . . like trail riding outside of Skagway . The camera easily fit into my jacket pocket and I could still photograph from the back of a moving horse without dropping the reins to focus . I never really thought I 'd find a digital camera that could perform as well as my trusty Canon AE1 , but this definitely does at 1/4 the weight . Get one !
 Did not realize there was not a sticth feature with this camera . Everything else is great
 Yes , I bought this for my mom . She wanted a digital camera for her birthday . Point and shoot - she 's going to love it !
 These speakers WAY exceeded my expectations for a $ 100 pair of speakers . Not only are they beautifully black , but they sound UNBELIEVABLE ! I bought these speakers because of the large amount of positive reviews , and I am here to post a positive review of my own ! I plugged the speakers in and started playing Led Zeppelin 1 and was almost brought to tears . I have a Sherwood amplifier with my MP3 player connected and I can turn up the volume ALL THE WAY and there is no distortion whatsoever . Very pleased ... If I had more room in my living room , I would get the B1000s and the B6000s . I may just have to get them and store them until I can figure out somewhere to put them ...
 I had just placed my order this past weekend -LRB- 5/16/09 -RRB- . The email confirmation indicated the speakers would ship around 5/21/09 . They already today 5/19/09 . I had also ordered the TEAC AG-790A stereo receiver so I could once again listen to vinyl . I 'm replacing a very old Radio Shack Realistic stereo receiver and Epicure 150 studio monitors . the salt in the air finally did in this old reliable equipment . Since the TEAC has n't yet arrived , I connected the SS-B3000 's to a SONY STR-K660P 5.1 receiver . Wow , was I impressed . They sound nice sitting right on the floor , no need to elevate them . Although , I 've only spent a few hours listening , I must say they are well worth $ 99.00 . Thanks Amazon for such a quick shipment .
 I purchased these speakers from Amazon a few months ago and really love them . I play my imac through my airport express along with my desktop speakers attached to the computer and together I am experiencing really good high quality sound .
 It was time to replace our twenty-year-old Advent bookshelf speakers . Twenty years later , with a family , we 're on more of a budget these days . These speakers are large bookshelf speakers , 9 `` x21 '' , but with the basic black faux wood , they are more attractive than we expected . More importantly , they sound great , at least as good as the Advents did , even in their heyday .
 Great speakers . I bought them for my apartment and I use them as floor standing speakers connected to a PORTABLE CLASS T DIG AMP which I 've hooked up to my Apple TV . As the other reviewers say , these are way too big to be on any bookshelf , but they work well as floor standing speakers . The sound from them is great , and they get very loud .
 When i saw the box , it was a lot more than i expected which is awesome . I thought they were going to be a lot small , but ca n't complain . Have not tried them out yet , waiting on this amplifier , should sound awesome ! http://www.amazon.com/Pyle-PTAU45-Stereo-Amplifier-Inputs/dp/B003OELGGG/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1355336008&sr=8-5&keywords=pyle+amplifier
 Amazon has jacked up the price of these and all the rest of their Sony speakers they have in stock . My wish list literally says the price has increased by 63 % since I added them to my list . I gave the item 5 stars , because I 've found Sony makes fantastic audio products and usually they 're affordable . I 'll wait and see if Amazon gets their pricing right again and I 'll buy these . I wish I would have just clicked `` purchase '' instead of `` add to wishlist '' a few weeks back !
 Wow , I am really impressed with these speakers . I compaired them to a set of Pioneer speakers and although they do not have the depth of the 12 '' base speakers of the Pioneer , they did hold their own . The mid-range and the tweeter or upper range speakers are exceptional . With the Graphic Equilizer in the 1500W pre-amp , I can seperate the sounds and get a true evaluation of the three levels of output , and I am really impressed with this product . For speakers that do not have the foot print of the 12 '' woofer system , the Sony SS-B3000 speaker system does an excellent job of transporting the sound from CD/Record/USB device or the I-pod to a clear and crisp musical representation . I must point out that I used 18 gage speaker wire and not the smaller gage wire that came with the speakers . Perhaps that improves the sound quality . I would highly recommend these speakers to anyone who does not want to spend far too much money , but has a good appreciative ear for music .
 Unfortunately , I had to downsize from my now $ 1500 retail Klipsch RF-3 towers for aesthetic reasons . I picked these up based on the number and quality of reviews . Running on a Yamaha 120W reciever , large living room with high ceilings and wood floors . Compared to my top-of-the line Klipsch 's these speakers at medium to moderately loud volume , these provide BETTER hi range -LRB- tweeter -RRB- output than my Klipsh , comparable mid-range , and slightly worse low-range . Other reviews have highlighted the high range sound quality as being very good . I can confirm that it is very , very good , replicating TV audio with a fidelity that my Klipsch 's did not have . Why ? Tweeter technology ? perhaps the dual 8 '' cones on the klipsch created some sort of harmonic distortion ? I do n't know . The mid 's are very comparable . Bass is slightly muddier than Klipsch but very adequate at movie volumes , not so wonderful if you like your club mix loud but very adequate for a smaller living room , dorm , bedroom etc. . I 'm going to remedy that by changing by bass out to a new wireless sub.Cons : Size - my wife hardly thinks of these as a compromise . They are still 20 '' tall - significantly taller than my definition of ` bookshelf ' .
 I have these speakers coupled with a Lepai Tripath Class-T Hi-Fi Model : TA2020A + and running iTunes with Audio Hijack Pro -LRB- Mac OS X -RRB- , the sound is ridiculously good ! Highs are crisp and clear , bass is deep and distortion free , mids are incredibly rich . To fully achieve the peak potential of these speakers make sure you tweak your software equalizer -LRB- highs , mid , lows -RRB- you will be amazed just like I was . What a fantastic set of speakers!This is my fist ever review on Amazon and these speakers compelled me to do it .
 These are great speakers . I 've had some pretty expensive speakers over the years -LRB- Boston Acustics , Yamaha , Genesis < etc -RRB- add these would in a blind listning test equal or exceed many of them . Very deep , rich bass . Liked them so much I bought 3 pairs and have all through the house .
 These make great bookshelf or rear speakers . I would not recommend them as the primary speakers for a main home sound system , but at ~ $ 36 apiece , this should not surprise anyone . They make a good auxillary component of a sound system.I could also endorse the SS-B3000 for use as main speakers in situations where budget , space or neighbors in the next room/apartment place constraints on how big/bassy your speakers can be anyway
 I purchased these as I finally needed new speakers , and was finding nothing locally that compared to what I had . Seems everything is smaller and geared toward surround sound systems . These are decent sized speakers with a great sound for this price range , and fit what I needed that I could n't find in local shops including Best Buy . They sound great on my stereo , and seem to be well suited for the purpose . I use these on a stereo mainly for music , no DVD movies , etc involved , at least not for now . There are speakers that match these in the event someone wants the center channel , etc. . Nice speakers , look nice and sound great , I am pleased with the purchase . And for those who do n't care for Sony anymore due to their policies of late , at least they have n't found a way to put spyware or malware in speakers yet !! : -RRB-
 These were exactly what I was looking for ! They sound great ! I would recommend them to anyone . They are large enough to put out great sound , yet small enough to fit my needs .
 These speakers exceeded my expectations . They 're actually larger than what I envisioned as bookshelf speakers , and the sound reproduction is remarkable . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I 've had a pair of these in my basement for a few years now . I play loud rock most of the time and they work great through my ancient pioneer amp . Have n't blown them up yet ! A really robust speaker for the price .
 For how much it is its a good buy . id highly recommend this to any one . it sounds pretty good . lost of bass and over all its really good .
 So far these have been great speakers . I just needed something smaller for out living room T.V. and these work great . I 'm certainly not an audio expert , but these sound very good to me . They have nice bass and make watching movies much more enjoyable .
 For the price they can make a bad sounding TV sound as good as the picture looks!I have the SS F5000 in the living room and these SS B3000 in the bedroom and they will complete any system set up.You 're gon na love em for the price !
 Great bookshelf speakers . Power handling is actually more than advertised ; these speakers can take at least 150W each . I 'm using them with aPyle Home PCA4 Mini 2x120 Watt Stereo Power Amplifiercurrently , after having tested them with my other receiver . Sounds great , even at high volumes . Build quality is very sturdy , although the finish looks a bit cheap , so I will probably just paint them sometime . Overall value was almost unbeatable considering how cheap they are . My one reservation is the terminals , I would have liked banana clip compatible , but if I really want those I can always just drop them in .
 With out a question of a doubt these are the best front and right speakers for any . . any ! surround sound out there . HOW ! can you compete . These babies handle 120 RMS at the source . The pings , and pongs , at levels the top of the line just crack over . All other speakers in this price range ca n't touch them . . They Ca n't Touch Them . . These speakers are a Frigate in a Sloops waters . Your the Sloop ... You got a chance to buy a Frigate . . Hey I looked for a long time for my sound . You have a sound too , so I leave you this option . Find it yourself . These are the best Speakers for the price . Keep your mind open . One other thing I 'm not Amazon Verified . . They verified me . I 'm not paid for my review . I do this for people who ca n't afford the best . Do n't get me wrong Amazon is by far the best internet company for price and quality out there . Amazon uses my experience to make money . That 's ok as long AS YOU ARE GETTING THE BEST DEAL . I 'm a nobody . So.These Sonys are the best for the money you got . Amazon so far is the best Internet company I buy from . Do n't spend the extra money on garbage its called a `` name '' .
 Ca n't beat 'em for the price . I live in Hawaii and had to pay an extra 55 bucks to ship . Still worth it for me though . Add a sub and a couple satellite speakers and you 're in business .
 I bought these speakers on a tight budget to replace an aged and worn-out pair of Klipsch bookshelf speakers that I bought over 25 years ago for $ 450 . These little Sonys for less than $ 100 sound every bit as good as the Klipsch in the mid and upper range . Bass is OK . You might add a subwoofer if you really need to feel the low notes . Sony ca n't beat the Klipsch for heft and appearance , but they SOUND great . Their subdued black appearance will blend with any room . You wo n't embarrass yourself to have them in the room with your snooty audiophile phriends .
 The B3000 are far from bookshelf size . I still like them so much that i bought their little brothers the B1000 . If you are in the market definately do a test drive in the store . I was able to test these at a local chain to make sure they could handle my outdated Kenwood AR-404 . They are many choices when it comes to `` bookshelf speakers '' these however are not bookshelf weighing in around 15 pounds and around 2 feet tall they do take up some space . So keep that inconsideration when looking . They do produce a great sound with lows . mids and highs .
 They sound pretty good , the lows are present but not overdone and the highs are clear and not harsh . But they will be easily blown away by an older , higher quality speaker such as my jbl tlx151s . The wires that come with them are crap but ok for most users . I am powering mine with a 15 year old optimus stav-3470 receiver which outputs 110watts rms per channel and if i tried to could easily blow them but they handle about 60 % volume with no audible distortion most of the time . The port is not very good because when i push the speakers pretty loud the ports on both speakers whistle and port noise can be heard easily . But it is not a problem as it only happens when i push them to their limits . The finish on mine got scratched from moving them around so you may want to be careful when moving them around as to not scratch them . Another thing that i have noticed about them is that they have a pretty distinct smell whenever you listen to content with low frequencies at high volumes but i dont think that it is from the voicecoil because it has started to go away after having them for a few months . I believe the smell comes from the finish inside the cabinet and all the airflow from the port brings it outside . Over all they are a good value for the money -LRB- i bought them for 90 $ and free shipping -RRB- and you would have trouble finding better speakers for this price but if you want higher quality you will either have to spend alot more or buy used older speakers . I am considering another pair . Also they are too large too be considered bookshelf and too small to be floor standing so i guess they are a hybrid . I have posted a video on youtube showing the excursion while playing `` the bass will destroy you '' but that was with my old receiver and they can do more now .
 The quality of sound is good and the price is good also , now you ca n't beat that with a baseball bat !!! . So far so good .
 I Got this speakers two weeks back . And since then whenever i get time i have never stopped listening to them . Very good sound quality and very rugged design . Good value for money .
 Obviously , you can spend a lot more money on a set of amazing speakers . But do not let the price fool you . These are great . Probably going to buy two more . Not the biggest fan of the way they look with the front covers on , but I have them off and they look great .
 I 've had these speakers for over two years now and they 've stood the test of time really well . I needed to have some speakers as an interim solution until I could afford the ones I really wanted . I paid $ 72.00 from the now defunct guys in red . For that money I was n't really expecting much . Boy was I wrong ! I have used these in virtually every capacity , fronts , rears , stereo only and they are really great speakers . I 've even used them in my screened-in porch as stereo speakers paired with a 90 's vintage Sony stereo receiver of 50 wpc . This combo produced enough sound to bring the boys in blue over and my neighbors are n't even that close ... My take on the sound quality is that they produce excellent bass and clarity is good , however they are not as `` bright '' as some might like . I was also using them with a 120 wpc JVC amp and they sounded very full with surprising bass . Do yourself a favor though , throw away the included speaker wire and use some 14 or 16 gauge wire it makes a huge difference in bass response . I 'm guessing that some reviewers who said the bass was a little weak were using the included wire . These are still a great deal here at amazon and are very good sounding speakers with the versatility that makes them a tremedous value in a budget speaker . Sound quality
 First I just want to say that these speakers are an amazing value for the money . I only paid $ 80 for these speakers and they suit my needs perfectly . I use them as bookshelf speakers in my dorm room and they are almost more powerful than I need them to be . My room setup does n't let me put them in the best position to get great sound , but they still sound great . I have them hooked up to a Yamaha RX-V363 5.1 receiver , but I am only running them in stereo . They have a decent amount of bass , but they tend to get a little bit boomy -LRB- although that might be mainly due to their placement -RRB- . So , to compensate for this , I got a Paradigm PDR-8 subwoofer to cover the low end . I set the crossover at about 80 Hz and that sounds great . The only downside to these speakers is the midrange . When using the sub , the midrange tends to get lost in the mix . But honestly , for $ 80 I ca n't ask for much more . So do n't buy these expecting to get top of the line sound quality . If you 're looking for cheap speakers that will get loud then these are for you .
 you are not going to do better for the price , i am using them for djing techno with a lot of bass , and no distortion . let there be no confusion for anyone , a low power amp working hard will produce a bad signal , and no speaker will sound good .
 If I said , WOW , Awesome , fantastic value !?! , that would be an understatement : - -RRB- The woofers are made of Kevlar , normally strong material designed to handle high energy levels , reduces woofer shape/movement thereby helps to maintain better accuracy.The clarity and fast response times are quite good ! Overall fairly well balanced -LRB- uncoloured -RRB- sound that is not harsh but rather ` smooth as silk ' . Definitely blows away other speakers in this price range.It 's features like these that are found in professional speakers and thereby would also appeal to home studio owners on a budget . I have heard $ 600 speakers sound horrible compared to theSony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers with 8 '' Woofer -LRB- Pair -RRB- For recording studio owners , if these speakers are positioned off the floor -LRB- on a stand or shelf -RRB- the sound becomes more accurate and with better detail thereby not overemphasising the bass-end , and because the sound is quite smooth overall it helps to reduce listening fatigue.Considering the price , I 'm amazed just how great these speakers sound and the materials used such as Kevlar right down to the really nice black wood grain cabinets.Put simply , you will not find better speakers in this price range : - -RRB-
 These speakers are so great ! I was replacing Acoustic Research speakers which were 40 + years old . They had started `` rattling '' and the foam on the inside had deteriorated to nothing . I 'm using the Sony speakers with my Sony amplifier which is connected to my tv , dvd/cd player and also plays satellite radio . The value of these speakers is incredible . I have several Sony products and have had only good luck with them . I HIGHLY recommend these speakers .
 These speakers provide excellent sound for the price . They were exactly as described in the ad and were delivered promptly .
 what a bargain . It kills my older rca speakers i had that were old . These speakers sound so crisp n the bass is crazy.You can blast this enough to make your neighbors mad . I like how the speakers concentrate more on the bass with power.The music could be low and youll still hear the bass stronger . By the way this is 120 watts speakers . What got me made hyped is that it came with 2 speakers a pair . How much of a deal can you get . To everyone out there i recommend this product if any one needs some new speakers with good quality and cheap . Prices like this gets me addicted to buying I love amazon .
 I purchased the Sony speakers to use in a home office . They offer excellent sound at a reasonable price . Good quality for the money .
 I replaced a pair of old scotts with the sony ssb3000 speakers for my front speakers in my surround system . Not the Center speaker but the front right and left . The sound is clear , midtones sound good . I really liked my Scotts but they were just too large and these fit into our decor quite well .
 Sony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers with 8 '' Woofer -LRB- Pair -RRB- Bought these speakers to go with my new TV surround system . Well worth the price and nice sound for speakers this cheap . These are my main speakers that are backed up by the sony ss-b1000 for rear speakers and a Velodyne sub . All put together , a nice sound system
 I am really pleased with these speakers . I did n't want to spend too much money yet I wanted the best speakers I could get . I would definitely recommend these . If I had to pick a drawback it would be that these are a little big to be called `` bookshelf '' .
 Ordered these speakers because of positive reviews on this site and dimensions are such that I can actually fit these speakers inside empty 1970 set of Utah speaker boxes that had given up on me . Not an electronic geek , unable to repair Utahs . Components looked fine . These speakers sound great . As the younger set may say `` for cheap '' .
 Sounds great . I recommend these speakers for the sound quality and especislly the price . Easy to hook up and sound quality is very good for these small speakers .
 Last year I took a chance on the Sony bookshelf B3000 speakers and over the last 8 months I have learned where this speaker works best
 These speakers sound amazing and are very well made I expect to get many year out of them . I 'm not one for long and technical reviews so thats it they are really really good ...
 While these speakers are too big for my bookshelves , I was able to put on the floor behind each end of my couch . They have good sound quality and range for the price .
 These are excellent speakers for a home sound system . The 3 way speaker feature w / the built in crossover support my 150 watt subwoofer and 2 smaller single mids with excellent response . You can hear a stronger kick base and a defined snare drum enhanced by the tweeters . If you listen a lot of reggae then you will know what I talking about . I have also set the internal EQ of my Onkyo TX-NR616 for each speaker set so as to give their respective maximum output without any overrides . I added an external EQ to the sub for quick adjustment to some recordings with eratic bass level input , plus to cut the decibel level when my 16 year old son uses the system ... he seems to think the bass should levitate him ... I know I will have to get another woofer soon .
 I got these to add to my existing sony sound system so i could have music in another room of the house.These sound better than the ones that came with my system.Great , now I have to get 2 more . Kidding . I love these , they have good low end and range and good clarity .
 Yeah I 'm happy with these speakers . I live in an apartment and I 'm trying really hard to be a good neighbor because if I wanted to I could make the whole building walk outside . There is alot of bass packed into these speakers which arent very small to be called &#34; bookshelf &#34; speakers , i believe they are 20-22 &#34; inches tall . Great buy for the price
 I love these speakers . Its great for when I play my video games . This is a great deal to get .
 Great speaker for the - price.Powerful sound and they can handle a lot of volume . They sound better if played loud . Great for parties and for really knocking down the walls . They work with any amp/receiver , but a very strong amp will bring out their best . While a weaker amp will display more of their shortcomings . If you are looking for an inexpensive and `` decent '' set of speakers , these will work great . However , they are enormous for bookshelf speakers . If you have a critical ear , and are used to speakers costing more then $ 400 a pair , then these probably wo n't pass your test .
 These speakers are more than I need . I built a 7.1 surround sound system and used these as my front speakers . They are larger than they appeared in the photos . I use them as floor speakers . I could not be happier .
 If you are looking for a great value for home theatre -LRB- especially upgrading from box speakers -RRB- , gaming , or music for non-critical listeners , look no further . You are not going to get anything this well rounded for $ 77 . It fills my 10 ` x15 ' living room with good bass , decent midrange , and crisp highs . They sound amazing watching TV and are as good as anything for electronic music . If you have n't had higher end speakers or are upgrading from a boombox or TV speakers , you will be blown away . You can crank them up LOUD and they will sound great . Probably better than many of the marketing driven items from companies like BOSE that cost hundreds of dollars more . The build quality and materials -LRB- kevlar in the drivers ! -RRB- are good . Place them properly -LRB- consider speaker stands -RRB- , get some 18 gage speaker wire , and they can satisfy.If you want to be critical -LRB- which you should n't be at this price -RRB- the highs are a little bright -LRB- fatiguing to listen to for long periods -RRB- , bass is n't too well defined , and things like imaging -LRB- pinpointing the instruments -RRB- and transparency are n't going to impress , especially if you 're a jazz or classical fan.If you have had higher end speakers , have been called an audiophile , or are looking to set up a system just for critical music listening , do yourself a favor and spend a few more bucks . I have listened to just about everything from vintage Advents connected to tube amps , to electrostatic and planar , $ 30,000 boutique systems , and generally have bothered hi-fi shop employees around the world spending a lot of time listening to various speakers , and this is my recommendation : For around $ 200-300 , I would look into getting a pair of Wharfedale Diamonds , which do everything right and get you 99 % of the enjoyment as far more expensive systems , as diminishing returns are serious in the speaker world.Wharfedale Diamond 9.1 Bookshelf Speakers -LRB- black -RRB- Find a cheap tube amp , like an Onix SP3 or Yarland , Yaqin , Cayin , or anything coming from China -LRB- which is of sufficient to excellent quality these days -RRB- and you will have a great system for under $ 1000 .
 I ordered these after reading rave reviews and have to say , they were right ! I 'm using these to replace my pair of KLH 's -LRB- each speaker has 2 12 '' woofers -RRB- These Sony 's go JUST AS LOUD , and have decent bass -LRB- although I do have a subwoofer -LRB- yamaha -RRB- as well . . which I recommend -RRB- But I HAD to get some smaller speakers to fit on top of my new houses ' mantle and I 'm glad these crank as loud as my older BIGGER speakers.The highs are n't as `` high '' but all I did was turned the treble UP on my receiver -LRB- Onkyo -RRB- and its fine.I do recommend these to anyone looking for a great smaller speaker for a great price !
 This speaker is great . Very clear and has great range . Almost do n't need the separate subwoofer ... perfect for my home theater setup .
 I purchased these speakers for my small guest room which has an LCD tv . They deliver good sound , and do n't take up much space . The price-to-performance ratio is very low , resulting in another great deal from Amazon .
 These speakers are GREAT!I have them hooked up to my Sony - STRDE935 receiver system and they out perform the Fishers and Kenwoods i had BY FAR!I have n't had the chance to really push them yet . . but in all honesty ... there is no need to!The clarity is BEYOND explanation . The mids are pretty good too - and for an 8 '' woofer - the sound pressure is pretty decent.I would definitely recommend them for a budgeted upgrade for IMPECCABLE sound taste .
 I 'd read some reviews on these speakers ; but it 's difficult to really know how a product will perform for you until you try it out for yourself.The high end frequency response is excellent and I get a nice smooth lower frequency ... the bass sounds full and clear . I 'm very happy with these speakers ... like I said they are a great product for the money . I 'm actually surprised how good they are .
 Sony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers with 8 '' Woofer -LRB- Pair -RRB- Great speakers for the price - A little Big but a nice value.I 'm using them with a Onkyo 8255 Rec . for a really nice sound for under 300.00 .
 HELP !!! all of a sudden I needed new speakers , my wireless speakers were caput !! Now these would not be the type of speakers I would use in my Home Theater , however I wanted something that would sound decent for am-fm radio . The Sony SS-B3000 fit the bill . You 'll be happy with the value of these speakers . `` I know I am . G.R. Hbg
 I am very impressed with these speakers . I am setting up a 7.1 surround sound system and bought these for my rear speakers but I tried them temporarily to replace my main front speakers and they could very well do that . Very good sound at a great price .
 Our 20 year old expensive speakers fell apart and I looked at replacements for up to $ 800 each . Then I saw these Sony Book Shelf speakers and decided to try them . Very good sound at a bargain price . And nicely made too . Big enough to stand on the floor . I recommend them .
 These were on sale with free shipping , which only made it better . As to the speakers themselves , they sound fantastic , and this is in a far from ideal listening room . The sound is clean with good imaging & surprisingly good bass . I had heard that these are the new version of a speaker given great reviews by the leading non profit consumer review organization , and they were dead on . While a bit taller than the `` standard '' bookshelf size , they are still light enough to be placed on any reasonable shelf . Mine are on small squares of plywood with feet at the corners attached to upside down shelf brackets which are screwed to studs in the wall - no deflection , no rattle .
 For the money , these are excellent speakers . I have them hooked up to a collection of older , formerly well respected components -- which probably helps -- and they sound good all across the range . They 're not bookshelf speakers , really , so take your measurements carefully if that 's what you 're after , but if you get a pair , I think you will be highly satisfied with their quality . The only thing I 'd change is the connectors , which are the easy to use type you just push on and poke the wire into , but that do n't last as long nor grip as tightly as other connectors .
 awesome speakers for the price . They are smaller than I thought - which is actually good news - and they sound very good . But , really , for $ 80 a pair , your next upgrade will probably cost you over $ 500 . I would stick with these , they do their job very very well .
 It was time to buy some larger speakers as opposed to the dinky space saving brand x-er 's I had downsized to years ago.I had been craving for the larger sound again ... not necessarily the louder sound , although some of those top 10 tunes need to have the volume turned up from time to time.These fit the bill as they were puchased on consumer ratings and many ... if not all , were 5 star ... and the price you ask ? ... 85 bucks shipped from Vanns ... COME ON ! . It 's not like years ago when you could prance into Pacific Stereo or Universal stereo and compare almost anything audio.These days , it 's mostly packaged equipment and not many separates.I had to depend on the ratings and the name and it paid off.I bought this pair to play back a CD , Cassette deck and 4 track tape player through a Pyle PTA2 audio amp I had just purchased ... which works just fine and is a little gem in itself ... So if you listen to Mick and the boys , Cat Stevens , Bach or Babs , these will give you tight bass , balanced mids and defined highs ... . a real pleaser and It 's nice to be surprised ! ... Highly Recommended !
 These speakers replaced small 25-year old Bose speakers that were beginning to fail . Very clean highs and mid-range and plenty of bass for a small living room . Flat across the spectrum -LRB- to my ear -RRB- .
 I recently replaced my small bookshelf speakers with the Sony B-3000 's for my front surround speakers . Great improvement with a lot more power and clarity compared with the old smaller bookshelf speakers . Just note that these will not disappear into the room . They are decent sized , however , the added power and clarity more than make up for that .
 It was time to update my system 's front speakers -LRB- KLH 3-way 550s -RRB- so I started surfing for 1 -RSB- good ratings , 2 -RSB- 2 or 3 way -LRB- preferred -RRB- design , 3 -RSB- wide range sonic spectrum , and lastly 4 -RSB- appropriately priced . Voila ! ... I came across these Sony 3000s , the ratings were a Perfect 5 -LRB- RAVE -RRB- , 3-way design , near flooring standing speaker sound range , and very affordable ; I bought 'em ! Set up was a no-brainer , and I tested them using two -LRB- 2 -RRB- familiar audio CDs -LRB- `` That 's Entertainment '' -LSB- Chris Elliot on a Mighty Wurlitzer -RSB- and The Eagles `` Hotel California '' -RRB- , powered by my Onkyo TX-SR304 5.1 receiver . Results-1st CD
 Any college student/individual on a budget will be interested in this review : Before I hooked up my Cambridge Audio Azur 340A , PS2 , and SS-B3000s together , I went over to the Beverly area to reference more expensive hi-fi audio equipment , and the first thing the people at Ahead Stereo said was that ~ $ 100 speakers were trash . I was so convinced that I almost put down nearly $ 1000 for Paradigms and a Rotel . Thank goodness my ear -- trained with LA Acoustics , Castles , Sonus Fabers , and other obscure hi-fi brands -- could tell that I would never be able to convince myself that obviously boxed-in and muddy middles and highs would be okay.The takeaway
 Disclaimer : I gave them 5 stars , but that does n't mean these speakers are perfect.These are truly wonderful speakers , much bigger than I imagined them to be when ordering ; certainly not a complaint.The sound quality is amazing in these for high to mid-range frequencies , but for good low-end sound , you WILL need a subwoofer.The design of these speakers is very plush , very fitting for most entertainment centers . Sleek black wood and mesh adds to my setup a LOT , aesthetically . I never understood how important sound was for movies and games until I hooked up these speakers . Very big sound for very little price!Here we go , pros/cons : Pros :1 . -RRB- Great sound with the proper setup -LRB- amplifier , subwoofer , upgraded speaker wire , digital input -RRB- 2 . -RRB- Perfect size , not floor speakers and not small cheap speakers from a walmart stereo .3 . -RRB- Easy installation , speaker wire ports on the back are easy to hook up and very secure .4 . -RRB- Great build quality , I do n't feel like there 's anything lacking when I examine them closely .5 . -RRB- Almost no break-in time . They say you 're supposed to `` break-in '' speakers before you turn the volume up or play harsh sounds on them -LRB- metal music , violent games , what have you ... -RRB- , but these speakers were ready to blast right out of the box , and they sound wonderfully !!! Cons :1 . -RRB- Really no low-end sound out of these , you would need a subwoofer to do these speakers justice for their high to mid-range tones.The lack of bass is my only complaint , but I 'm running a subwoofer , so that 's kind of an irrelevant complaint for me ; thus , giving it a 5 star rating . I would love to order the Sony SSF-7000 floor speakers and move these as rear speakers to complete the surround sound experience , but for the time being , these serve as a great alternative for my standard TV speakers !!! Enough reading , just order them . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Four stars because they sound fine for inexpensive speakers . Do n't know what all these reviews that shower praise on these things were listening to before they wrote . I agree with the reviewer that called them muddied . But , again , if you are looking for inexpensive and not terrible , these work.Hats off to Amazon for their shipping .
 priced very fairly , arrived timely and of good quality . i have enjoyed the sound quality very much since i received them .
 Bought these to enhance my TV watching . Its an awesome addition to my system . I 'm thinking of buying a second set for a receiver I own in my shop
 I have my B3000 's hooked-up to a T-amp with a USB DAC and high quality power supply . They simply sound glorious in this setup . The extra currant seems to help keep bass output clean and crisp.What I like about the 3000 over the 1000 is 3-way , woofer size , and power handling.What I like about the 3000 over the 5000/7000 is the port is in the back , so the bass is n't too boomy.Compared to Dayton B652 's -LRB- no crossover -RRB- is no contest , the B3000 's destroy them.Compared to Bose 201 's , I 'll take the B3000 's any day . The 201 's are bass limp , and their tweeter is at a poor angle for music.The B3000 's are just plain fun to listen to.The B3000 's seem vibration sensitive . I could n't place what sounded off in placement and setup after I moved the speakers . Went to the local 99 cent store and picked up a few mousepads and placed them under the B3000 's placed about 2 feet from back wall . Then sound went back to being glorious .
 I gave these four stars because I got these speakers a few months ago and they have n't yet stood the test of time that would make them five-star speakers.They sound great . People come over to my house just to listen to their music on these speakers . Accurate , deep sound , and considering the unimpressive receiver I own , they were a great buy . I would definitely recommend them . One thing - if you intend on spacing them out a great deal , you should buy extra speaker wire , because the wire they come with is not that long .
 I purchased these speakers to upgrade my little 7-year-old bookshelf stereo - I did n't want to buy a new stereo , but I wanted better sound than the included speakers gave . Particularly since I had just gotten a wi-fi radio -LRB- Myine IR001 IRA WiFi Internet Radio -RRB- to hook up , the sound became more important.Having listened to the wonderful sounds emanating from these speakers for the last several days , I can honestly say these are a tremendous value for the money . There are no aggravating tones , they handle louder volumes with ease , and they look terrific . I would happily purchase these again , even with a stereo worth more $ $ than my little one !
 i really liked these , they are for my office - i got them cheaper than at best buy and the shipping was free !
 I bought these speakers because of all the great reviews . I now have TWO PAIR of these gems hooked up to a Dayton Audio APA150 power amplifier and I am very pleased with my system . Doubling the speakers results in the bass having more punch , more authority yet you do n't have to turn up the volume . Also , the digital signal processing wizardry of my ASUS Xonar audio card sounds even better , fuller and more spacious with two pair of speakers . The very reasonable cost per pair makes doubling them feasible . Besides , the Dayton Audio amp is perfectly stable with the speakers wired in parallel for 4 ohms impedance , and this means the amp provides a very authoritative 75 watts per channel . Bear in mind though that an amplifier 's watt rating is a rather slippery metric ; it 's really the amperage it can supply that determines real power . This amp 's output transistors are high-current types and believe me , my four speakers rattle the walls at high volume.I am driving the power amp from my computer 's ASUS card via a Behringer MON800 preamp/mixer and this gives me multiple input sources and all the digital artistry a computer can provide . I just love the full , rich sound I get from this setup and I highly recommend these speakers to others , especially when doubled .
 I use these as my satellite speakers for my surround system . They work beautifully for that . Could n't be happier .
 This is an amazingly good value!I was an audiophile long before they even coined the word , as evidenced by the R.L. Polk -LRB- true 20-20 ,000 Hz mains , no subwoofer required -RRB- voice-matched surround system in my living room using a very expensive Yamaha amp as the pre-amp leading into my Bob Carver Signature Series One amplifier that drives the system to amazing volumes and clarity , equal or surpassing the sound systems of our local theaters . In this case I was looking for a set of speakers to be driven by another Yamaha amp in the garage of our new house , my `` man cave '' as it were . Wanting speakers of equal quality as the amp that was to drive them , but on a very low budget as we just bought the house and are cash poor right now , it was with great trepidation that I ordered these Sony SB-3000 bookshelf speakers , which I did basically because I have a long history with Sony TVs , blue ray players , and high definition regular DVDs , and CD players and I have been consistently impressed by Sony quality and longevity -LRB- I would not even consider buying anything but a Sony TV -RRB- . They arrived yesterday and the first thing I noticed is that they are a ported base speaker instead of the typical bass reflex system most manufacturers use to enhance the base of lesser quality woofers . You 've got to have a lot of confidence in the quality of your woofer to do that . I was also impressed with the fit and finish , the only disappointment being that they use spring clips for hooking up the speaker wire instead of banana plugs as my amp does , but I figured , `` Oh , well , what do you expect for $ 77 and change for both speakers ? '' The speaker wire enclosed was an insult to any speaker , being very small gauge and maybe six-seven feet long , so I instead ran 14 gauge speaker wires across the roof of my garage to the speakers , evenly split at around 10 feet from my listening position , Then I got them hooked up , turned ` em on , and my jaw dropped in amazement ! I must admit I was blown away by the clarity , presence of soundstage , and the immensely ear pleasing sound that was , in the treble and midrange , every bit as good as my main Polk front towers . The bass was very respectable for an only eight inch woofer and seemed to benefit from being ported instead of a bass reflex system which can sound boomy or `` muddy . '' It was tight , clean , and as good as any eight inch woofer I have heard anywhere . I ran into the house and got my wife and even she , spoiled for over 38 years with the many very , very good systems I 've had , just shook her head in amazement and could n't believe I got such a value for just a tad over $ 38 each.I am already planning the bedroom surround system , four of these , a matching Sony center channel , and a ten inch Paradigm subwoofer will sound incredibly good -LRB- though I will definitely check out any Sony subwoofers based upon the quality of these speakers -RRB- !
 I find these speakers amazingly adequate as temporary replacements for my venerable-but-finally-broken EPI 1200 's . These speakers are hold-me-overs until I decently replace some Epicure EPI 1200 's over 25 years old . The EPI 's 12 '' woofer suspensions finally rotted resulting a buzzing when any sound in the woofer 's bailiwick comes along.I found out about these Sony speakers courtesy of the ceaseless flow of email some of us allow Amazon to send us . The deal was much less than $ 100 and the reviews pretty much said `` suprisingly good '' . When I turned my system on after connecting these speakers I was pleased with what I heard , aware as I was of some flaws . There is a certain lack of coherence , the sound stage is narrower than the separation of the speakers , and of course they do n't go as low as the EPIs did in their heyday . My wife , who has much better hearing than I do , notices less high end than before . And for a little while , when we switch on the system we will be expecting to hear the EPI sound , and getting the low-end sound.Again though , for what I 've paid -LRB- shipping was a significant add on because of the weight and the urgency -RRB- they are great .
 I bought the SONY B3000 speakers to go with the TEAC AG-790A receiver because my old system -LRB- more expensive -RRB- was rumbling and could n't be fixed . The speakers are pretty good at all ranges and with FM radio or with any of my components
 I bought these to replace an old pair of Boston Acoustic in which the plastic had degraded after more than 25 years . I listen to classic music and DVDs and these fit the bill very well.I am not an absolute audiophile but I like what I hear - recommended
 I bought these for $ 85 with free shipping from Amazon . For that price , they are truly hard to beat . They are n't a flashy looking set of speakers but they are classy enough . The sound is crisp and there is a surprising amount of bass response . If you 're looking for heavy deep bass it is obviously not going to be there in a ` bookshelf ' speaker , but these hit the higher bass ranges very cleanly.I have them in a 5.1 with Sony ss-f6000 floorstanding speakers and a ss-cn5000 center channel and they sound great . Better than any theater in a box speaker you could ever buy .
 Before I buy these speakers , I made an extensive research . I have tested BOSE , JBL and POLK speakers but all of them seems not to be enought for my new SONY 6.1 HOME THEATER AUDIO . I choose this ones for price and because of the opinions of other buyers ; I am glad I did that because the quality of sound is amazing , and I did not expect the size of the speakers .
 I 'm very impressed by the power of these speakers . I have these paired with the SS-CR3000 Centerchannel and Rear speakers . I test drove them with Pirates of the Caribbean 2 on Blu-Ray . It sounded like I was there with them . I could hear every little detail from front to rear . Also , my music has a much greater depth to them . These are great . These speakers are huge for bookshelf speakers , just a warning for those saving space . I recommend these speakers .
 The sound dynamics and qualify is among the best . I compared a pair of these speakers site by site with my Bose speakers -LRB- cost me ten times more -RRB- . There was no difference between them in terms of sound quality . I now have my Bose in the family room and the Sony in my kitchen . Highly recommended !
 I 'm on a tight budget because I 'm a college student and I was looking around everywhere for speakers that could handle everything by themselves -LRB- good bass quality , nice highs and mids -RRB- . As of right now , my setup only has these two speakers and they are hooked up to a Denon AVR-1507 and they sound really good . The only concern of mine with the speakers is that the sound seems a little on the shallow side for the bass , but its not too bad . By themselves these speakers definitely can stand on there own and for anybody on a budget looking for great speakers these are it . I feel that even though the bass is just a tad shallow it does n't merit giving these speakers 4 stars , they are definitely 5 star speakers . As soon as I pair these with a woofer , I 'm sure they would sound even better .
 The first time I heard about these speakers , I knew that I wanted to get these to replace my old Sony SSMB300s immediately . I also got a new stereo -LRB- and use the concert mode option for all of my DVDs , CDs , video games and Sirius radio -RRB- with 7 speaker channels which means I 'm getting another pair for basic surround sound and adding smaller speakers in the future.I also have a pair of the older Sony SSMB350 speakers in my old bedroom at my parent 's house which recieved a great review from Consumer Reports although I prefer the 2 pairs of SSMB3000s to be in my current house that I live in.I 've compared them to the 5 small JBL speakers that my brother owns and these Sony speakers sound a lot better for 2 reasons . The Sony bookshelf speakers have a much deeper bass sound and a clearer treble sound than the JBLs and the Sony speakers are louder as well even when set on the lower settings . I think this might have something to do with the size of the speakers in that the Sonys are very big in comparison so they give off a bigger , louder and clearer sound.Even with only one pair of these the amount of deep , heavy bass and clear and accurate treble these give are incredibly impressive . These are great not only for music but for video games and movies . I was playing The Legend Of Zelda Ocarina Of Time with the speakers on at a fairly loud level with the audio cables hooked up to my stereo and I noticed the sound made my HD tv screen seem to look bigger just because the awesome sound made me feel like I was part of the game . I ca n't wait to listen to these on all of my favorite movies especially when I can get them in surround.These sound great for music obviously . I strongly advise you to get a big roll of bronze speaker wire and use a high watt subwoofer -LRB- my Polk Audio subwoofer makes these sound even greater , the high quality sound is beautiful -RRB- for the full effect.Amazon.com calls these `` bookshelf speakers '' , but because of their large size they can also be used as floor standing speakersI also noticed once I put all 4 of these speakers on the floor -LRB- 2 in front and 2 in back -RRB- the bass sound is so strong and heavy I could feel the vibrations through my chair and the floor . One of the first things I noticed when listening to music with these speakers was that the bass is very noticable and powerful without being too overwhelming and the vocals and treble sound crystal clear . Overall , I have to say I strongly recommend these speakers and they 're the best ones I 've had.Product update
 I was pleasantly surprised by these rather large bookshelf speakers . They are well constructed and have a rather linear sound . I have them in my garage , which is a horrible space acoustically , and takes a fair amount of power to `` fill the room '' . These speakers seem to do well though , especially when considering the price . Surprisingly in these days of companies saving every dime they can , my pair came with speaker wires . The covers are nicely made , but there are large gaps -LRB- part of the design -RRB- between the covers and cabinet when viewed from the side .
 Just got an Onkyo HTIB and as expected , the speakers were weak . I got these as an upgrade to my front speakers and WOW ! What a difference they make ! I also bought a powered subwoofer and can now turn it down a bit because these speakers produce some pretty good bass on their own . Top of the line caliber ? No . But for a medium sized room , they do the job quite well . Music sounds great on these and movies are much , much improved over what I had . You might take note on the size of these `` bookshelf '' speakers though ... : -RRB-
 Maybe this is obvious but it was n't to me . I used the wires that they came with . I was excited to set them up and hear them . When I first plugged these in I was let down . I was so disappointed in the way that they sounded . Then I ordered some 16-gauge speaker wire and they were totally different . They became a different product.Please use real speaker wire and I think you will be impressed .
 These speakers were purchased for a family room audio system . They deliver quality sound for a very reasonable price and we have found them very satisfactory . As other reviewers have noted , it is an ideal purchase if you are looking to supplement your audio needs . If you are a stickler for a really rich , base sound , than this will probably not be the purchase for you . These speakers have a sleek , handsome appearance but are not designed for the average bookshelf . However , they will work very nicely if you happen to have a low bookcase to place them on . They are narrow enough to fit easily on a standard shelf , but are much higher than the average bookcase speaker.All in all , a great purchase for the price !
 These speakers have very nice sound . The bass is very good for their size . These sound much better than my Bose 201 's and I paid about 1/4 th of the price . They are a little too large for bookshelf placement , but not so large as to be obtrusive .
 When I saw the box that these speakers where shipped in , I thought to myslef Amazon had sent the wrong speakers -LRB- though the box clearly had the model speakers labeled on the side -RRB- . When I opened the box , I was shocked at how big these were ! They were very easy to hook up -LRB- I used a higher quality wire because the one included in the package was very thin -RRB- . I plugged them into my 110Watt receiver and at 50 % volume , I was blown away . They sounded fantastic . The soundstage is absolutely incredible . Without a center speaker , if you take the time to calibrate these well , you will be absolutely convinced you do n't need a center . I knew I did n't have a center speaker but the music was still coming from a centered spot just as if I had one . Later , I hooked up the Sony cn5000 center speaker but I really do n't think it 's neccessary.As far as bass goes , these are good . They can reproduce clean bass sound at mid to mid-high volume before it gets distorted but if you are really big on bass , I suggest getting a subwoofer.Overall , I am VERY pleased with the speakers , especially for such a low price .
 This is a great pair of speakers for the money . I considered ordering a bass woofer to accompany but waited to see if we really needed it -- did n't . Just do it !
 I bought the SS-B3000 speakers to go with a Harman/Kardon HK-3490 receiver.As stated in other reviews these are not bookshelf speakers.The bass that comes out of these little speakers are deep with the highs being crisp and clear.The picture shows white speaker cones mine were gray.For the price you ca n't beat them they preform rather well.If your looking for affordable speakers that sound great you need not look any further .
 Sony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers with 8-Inch Woofer -LRB- Pair , Black -RRB- These guys sounded so good at such a good price I just ordered aother pair .
 These are very nice , efficient , quality speakers . They are n't top of the line and would not satisfy an audio purist but they work very well in a home system . I have them backed up by an HSU subwoofer and that makes a good combination with really good sound for not a lot of money . I have another pair as well without the subwoofer and these little speakers can handle some awesome bass for their size . I enjoy pipe organ music and many speakers just ca n't do justice to a pipe organ . The combination can and even the speakers alone without the subwoofer do very well .
 I purchased these speakers to attach to Sony DH510 5.1 channel amplifier with SS-3000 speakers set along with my Bravia . The speaker quality is excellent , woofers are good and I do not feel to add on extra woofers . The treble also sounds nice and I can hear very low cords very clearly on this sound . This is a really good package for the the price they are offered . I searched many speakers before buying these ones and I am happy for the decision I made . I would recommend you to ahead with these speakers .
 I enjoy these speakers shipped fast and on time . They have a great sound I have these in conjunction with my sony fs-5000 they sound great as a set . I use a sony amp with my 50 '' plasma and these baby 's and I have a great looking ans sounding entertainment system . Great job Sony another winning product .
 I bought these to go into my garage for music when fiddle fiddling on my hobbies and doing work out there . Very pleased with the sound quality , my house is wired for sound and I have a living room stereo with Polk audio bookshelf speakers in the $ 375 price range , these guys are just as good and I was shocked by that , even a little deeper bass . Never a big fan of Japaneese speakers -LRB- cheap and not good sound -RRB- however I am glad I made an exception in this case . Infinity , Polk , Bose outdoors , and Boston Acoustics have been my mainstay-even Klispch , but these are very good irrespective.If you are looking for great sound at a good price-these are your ticket . They are bigger than a bookshelf speaker-yes , they fit on top of my workbench shelf however they may easily go on the floor and work that way-if you have limited space make sure you pay attention to the dimensions on the spec sheet . Very happy with this product.G Rock
 If you 're looking to fill a room and immerse yourself in deep , rich , accurate sound , and do n't want to spend more than $ 100 ... These are your speakers . These are honestly the best speakers you could buy for the money . They have crisp highs , full mids , and an impressive range of bass -LRB- although if you want real bass , you 'll need to spend another $ 100 on a sub ; however , the excursion on the 8 '' is pretty nice -RRB- . I am impressed by these things . However , if you read the title , just know that the speaker wire included with these things is TERRIBLE ; extremely thin , distorted and distended sounding ... Pick up 100 feet of 14 gauge from Home Depot for $ 20 and you will find yourself falling in love with these speakers .
 For as cheap as these were I was not nearly expecting the sound quality I got with these . For an audiophile on a budget these have a lot of bang -LRB- and thump -RRB- for the buck . I would recommend these to anyone for any part of their system .
 These were replacements for floor monoliths that finally needed to go . The sound fills the room , not the speakers themselves .
 i bought a pair of these last yr after christmas to go with 2 more klh 8in towers just like this . they never really got used because i had one big stereo in my room that i used and that one with the 4 8s in the living room for movies and such . well i sold the rest of it and now i have the sonys hooked up up stairs in my room . the are excellent . i usually turn music up pretty loud and go down stairs so i can hear it all over the house . these speakers do great on the low mid and high end . i listen to rock and country . i throw it a rap song every once in a while for the bass and it sounds good no matter what u throw at it . dont expect the pounding bass from these speakers because u wont get it . it has great sound on the low end just not pounding . i have 2 12s and 2 15s i use for the pounding . the only thing i dont like about these sonys are the screw type things that hold the speakers in . the dont really have any grooves so u cant tighten or loosen them . since ive had them for a yr and have always had it up loud when i used it the mid in one of them has came a little loose and has a slight rattle when i turn it up . not a big deal , its the only con about these speakers
 THE SOUND IS FANTASTIC , I BOUGHT A SECOND PAIR TO STACK ON THE FIRST PAIR I BOUGHT . THEY SOUNDED SSOOO GOOD AND THE AMP WAS ASKING FOR MORE . AND WE GOT MORE ...
 Good speakers , match the output of my receiver . I expected `` book end '' speakers to be much smaller than these but would buy them again .
 I had a chance to compare the b1000 's vs the b3000 's side by side in my home.bottom line
 I have been researching audio solutions to create my first Home Theater system for quite some time now but unfortunately , I do n't have a very big budget for these sorts of things . Within the course of my research , time and time again I have been led back to the Sony SS-B series and specifically , the SS-B3000 `` bookshelf '' speakers . After nearly 2 years of deliberation , I finally decided to pull the trigger and buy these speakers.Boy am I glad I did.First things first , as others have noted , these are much larger than your typical bookshelf speakers . They really are mini-floorstanders . At 21 inches in height , they are just a bit too small to sit on the floor , as that will put the tweeters at about waist height when sitting on a typical couch or recliner . Thus either stands or shelves will be necessary for optimal positioning . Myself , I took a trip to Home Depot and bought wood and brackets and built a couple of shelves that sit on either side of my HDTV and they look great in that particular configuration.I have the speakers currently being powered by a Sony STR-DG500 A/V receiver . This receiver is supposed to put out about 110 watts per channel , which is close to the B300 's rated capacity -LRB- 120w -RRB- . However , reports from various users state that the DG500 may not actually put that much power out on a continual basis , especially when 5.1 channels are active . Thus , my B3000 's seem underpowered to me . At low volume , they do n't pack very much punch , but when the volume is cranked , they perform quite well . This is mostly in regard to musical content . With home theater applications , the sound is excellent at most volume levels . Dialog can be hidden behind sound effects etc with these speakers because they only pack 31/4 '' mid range woofer -LRB- as compared to a 51/4 '' mid on a lot of higher priced tower speakers -RRB- but that problem will be resolved when my CN5000 Center speaker gets here -LRB- it packs dual 51/4 '' mids and the same 1 '' tweeter as the B3000 's -RRB- . The frequency range on these speakers is astounding . The high 's are very clear and distinct , the mid 's are crisp and clear and the bass is surprisingly deep for the size of the speaker and not at all muddy . The main reason I got these speakers in the fist place was that the little speakers I was working with had almost no bass and the B3000 fills that need adequately . Just the other night my girlfriend was playing a game via the PS3 late at night while the kids were sleeping . Even though the volume was turned down slightly , there was a very low bass rumble in the music track on the game and whenever that specific note was hit , I could feel the rumble in my chest just so . I 'm continually impressed with the B3000 's bass performance in home theater applications . Sometimes it makes me wonder if I really need to add a subwoofer into this system at all.At this point , the speakers have been broken in and the sound is quite pleasing to me . I hope to upgrade the DG500 to a Denon AVR-1910 -LRB- or 1911 -RRB- soon and see if the power issues are resolved . Other than that , the speakers audio quality is quite surprising for the price you pay . The speaker wo n't please a true audiophile of course , but the common music listener/movie watcher will easily be pleased by its performance to cost ratio . I 'm hoping that the dialog issue will be fixed by the addition of the SS-CN5000 -LRB- there 's no reason why it should n't be , as that 's exactly what a center channel is for -RRB- if that works , this set will be perfect for my listening requirements . What more can you ask for ?
 These are really great speakers for the price that you pay . In fact , I would probably pay more for speakers of this quality . Let me go over a few things.-Construction Quality
 I got these to create a small secondary system with a Lepai Tripath amp , and am so happy with their sound that I am going to swap out my main system speakers -LRB- a pair of Pioneers very similar to these -RRB- . I tested them originally with the Lepai amp and my favorite Cowon mp3 player , and was very happy with the clarity and spaciousness of the sound . I used Satriani cuts for the test audio , as they tend to have a very nicely balanced spectrum with a lot of detail in the bass as well as the high end.The speakers sounded great . I really like the improvement in bass response over 6 inch woofers . -LRB- I long for the 12 inchers I gave away - sigh . Oh , well , I 'll get more later . -RRB- I am going to swap these with the Pioneers on my HK 3480 and will update with the results . I expect they will sound great on that as well . Small amps often show up problems in speakers more readily than bigger amps.At this point , though , I have no problem recommending them . They are well worth the money . I 'm thinking about buying more and making a wall of them ...
 I bought these because i had a cheap altec lansing 2.1 system that broke and these are extremely good speakers for the price . They have really good bass and work great with my Pyle PCA4 amplifier that puts out 120 watts x 2 channels . You can play any genre of music or any song and these speakers will perform great . They even sound great with movies and tv shows played right off of a laptop or computer . I would recommend these speakers to anyone that does n't want to spend very much but wants a great pair of speakers . The Sony b3000 's pick up all of the low and high notes needed to produce a fantastic sound . Hope this helped for people that are unsure whether or not they want to purchase these speakers .
 Wow . The reviews are correct . Are they the best speakers ? No . Are they great speakers ? YES!People simply are not stressing how BIG these speakers are . THEY ARE HUGE . Just keep that in mind . They are the biggest `` rear '' `` surround '' speakers I have ever seen . They also weigh 15 LBS a piece . I love them but just keep that in mind!Threw them ontop of the `` SANUS SYSTEMS BF-31B Wood Speaker Stands '' and I have a match made in heaven . I cant believe how much speaker/stand I got for so little money . These speakers could easily be used for main speakers in a small room or dorm room . They really rock . I 'm using them as my rears in a huge basement and they are more then adequate for rear speakers .
 I Make and Sell Karaoke CD 's you can view my C D 's at JimsKaraoke dot com , and I go on tours with the Barefoot Man from the Cayman Islands and I use these speakers for my presentation , these are best sounding speakers I have ... You will need an equalizer to use them on a TV ... The Sound and Look is just great and it 's a great deal for the money ... Thanks Jim
 These are by far the best speakers i 've ever owned . These speakers are hooked up to a 7.1 sony receiver . I have 4 of these and the CN5000 for center and the 4 way floor standing F6000 for fronts.To tell you the truth the 3000 sound even better than the 6000 . The bass is incredibly superior and the mids and high are still very clear and smooth . So my recommendation
 Got these the other day . Before I got these , all I had was a sony mini system with a sub output . I had the JBL 500 watt sub hooked up to it . Couldnt ever quite blend the sub with the rest because the mini system sucked . I dont have alot of money so I just ordered these speakers and replaced my old mini system speakers with these . I could notice the improvement instantly . These speakers have a great range from the highs to the lows . I really do n't need the sub anymore !! The only thing I use the sub for now is for the rock bottom lows . The sony 's do the rest !! Awsome for a bedroom or small living room . BTW the mini system I have has like 200watts per channel .
 for the price , you ca n't beat them . it 's not that you should ` settle ' for these , but for me the use is different . i use these in my gym and they work great . i would n't use them for my surround system unless you are on a very tight budget .
 after my 20yr old Technics `` retired '' -LRB- may they R.I.P. -RRB- , i wanted to find a exact replacement quality and sound wise but didnt want to spend 1million + on basic shelf speakers . read reviews , did my research , and came to these after months of due diligence . bottom line , awesome sound -LRB- using technics amp still -RRB- and quality feel to build . if your an audiophile , first you shouldnt even be looking here for entry level sonys , second if your into not overpaying for good speakers , these are for you .
 For around $ 70 , this was an excellent speaker ! A little bit bulky for a bookshelf speaker -LRB- should be labeled as small stand speaker -RRB- but its sound quality is very satisfying . Excellent when you listen to classics and instrumental music . The grander the music , the better sound and resonance . Not very bad for the pops , though . Overall , very satified with the speakers . I would recommend them .
 The bottom line is that these speakers are flat . that makes them great for a studio but not very fun to listen to for most people . They do have good imaging and a decent soundstage.I like the flat and true sound but its not for everyone so just beware.to buy or not to buy : If you ... 1 -RRB- are looking for true sounding speakers for a studio or just enjoying music2 -RRB- are looking to upgrade your HTIB3 -RRB- like flat sound4 -RRB- dont want to break the bankThen buy theseIf you ... 1 -RRB- enjoy one spectrum of sound to be more present2 -RRB- are looking to `` bookshelf '' speakers -LRB- these are called bookshelf speakers but they wont fit in most bookcases -RRB- , Then dont buy em
 Pro
 I put these bookends in a noncomforming bed room , which is now my hobby room -LRB- hide out -RRB- . I hooked up my Marantz diesel and ran them like I stolded them.Break-in over , if you play 'm over the max volume of your Luv 'd Ones voice you will be ok.Heck I like them.If you what good sounding thupping bass , get drag pipes.If you do n't know drag pipes I ca n't help you .
 The sound of this speaker is super accurate and amazing . Enjoy !!! Great for anyone who wants amazing speakers . I glad i made this purchase ...
 Just have a look at the reviews . These speakers are awesome , & for the price , unbeatable . Great sound . I compliment them with a 10 '' 100W powered sub . Buying another pair for my bedroom .
 i did n't have allot of money to spend on speakers . so when i saw these at shuch a low price and read the reviews i bought them . could not be happier !!!
 As I 'm writing this review I can feel the thump of the bass drum in my chest cavity and a keyboard tickling my eardrums with pristine clarity . This sound experience is emanating from from my Sony SS B3000 speakers hooked up to my PylePro PT560AU 300-Watt receiver . For $ 75 these speakers not only meet but exceed the expectations of any pseudo music snob such as myself . Highly recommend this product .
 I use the speakers in a stereo setup for my TV . I am a musician and enjoy high music fidelity . I generally go for Sony products , because they make quality products . These speakers did n't disappoint . they sound great and give a great range of sound . I 'd recommend these . I would give five stars , but they are n't very attractive . This is n't a super high priority for me , but the dull black finish and the wood is n't particularly attractive .
 I used these speakers for my bedroom entertainment system and they are perfect for my needs . My friends all have commented on how well the SS-B3000 sound .
 Thank you to everyone who took the time to write a review on these speakers . I read all the reviews even on other speakers and it was your reviews that confirmed my decision to go with these . When a number of you said that you had even ordered a second set I figured there must be a good reason . I must say that I am more than pleased with the sound and quality of these speakers . I 'm sorry that some reviewers had negative results but that might be because their sytems were not compatible with the sony B3000 's . Also It might be the placement of the speakers . I have mine playing thru my 41 year old Kenwood KS-505P receiver that is only rated at 60 watts . The old speakers that I was using are about the same size as these Sony 's but the cabinet are real walnut veneer and contain two each 8 '' paper cone speakers . In comparison these Sony 's outperform those oldies 1000 % . These Sony 's have depth and the bass is FANTASTIC . I was thinking I might need a sub woofer but after hearing these a sub woofer would be overkill . My system is set up in my living room which is approximately 30 feet by 16 feet with a 14 foot ceiling . It 's plenty loud and I only have the volume set at # 2 on a scale of # 10 . I also followed Sony 's instructions and have them set at 4 '' from the wall.I must certainly agree that these are NOT bookshelf speakers and can easily stand alone on the floor . They do look as good as they sound.Once again thank you all for your consise rewiews which helped me to go with these sony speakers.P.S . I have my B3000 speakers wired up with speghetti thin wire cables and they still sound great .
 These speakers look and sound outstanding ! I got these to complement my polk home theater set . Most of the things I listen have only 2 channels of audio -LRB- cd , pandora , netflix streaming -RRB- , which means only the front speakers will work , so I got these to give my home theater a boost , and let me tell you I could not have been happier -LRB- cant tell the same about my neighboor -RRB- .
 First of all I should say I have not sampled a lot of different speakers . I bought these to build my first surround sound system . I have them hooked up , as my rear speakers , to a Pioneer VSX-821K receiver putting out 110 watts per channel at 8 ohms using 16 gauge speaker wire . They sound absolutely amazing , I can not imagine 2 rear speakers sounding better . I isolated them to hear how good they would sound by themselves and they have great sound through all ranges . I have them mounted on the wall using the Pinpoint AM 10 mounts and they still have great bass . Between these and the SSF-5000 front speakers , this system rocks and I only spent $ 170 on 4 speakers . I am very pleased .
 So , these wo n't produce the highest of high fidelity , but they are about the best sound you 'll find at this price . Because the cones are poly ' , I actually keep them on my patio year round . And , so far , I have n't had any issues . Sure , they have n't been fully exposed to the elements but , they have had the occassoinal drink spilled on them and the garden hose sprayed accidentally . And , still they keep on working . The bass is pretty good as well due to the large port in the back -LRB- you can feel the air moving in and out -RRB- . If you have a really good ear for music , then go ahead and spend 5x to 10x more for a really really great pair . But , for my money , these ca n't be beat .
 They are a great pair of speakers I would not buy any others after hearing these for the price you can not go wrong just get a good amp . They are tall for bookshelf 's so keep that in mind .
 these speakers are huge , way bigger then i ever thought , and they sound good and you can not go wrong with the price , they sound good and have enough bass to shake the wall if you dont have a powered sub hooked up to it , i just saw they make these now with dual 8 '' subs , i think im goin to upgrade again very soon . well worth the money
 I read some of the reviews on these speakers prior to purchasing and why I decided to go ahead and get them . Glad I did ! Excellent sound out of them !
 Read all the stats , but was still shocked by the size and sound quality . The pair was a steal , just ordered the SS-F6000 's because I was so thrilled with these .
 The SS-B3000s are sound great for the money . As others mentioned , mid-range is n't their strongest suit , but it 's definitely there . Tons of bass when placed near a wall . . not subwoofer amounts of bass , but definitely enough range to satisfy anyone on a budget and way more than typical satellite speakers produce . I purchased these instead of the SS-B1000s specifically for this reason . They have slightly larger woofers so they have a lower and more powerful bass range . Definitely worth the extra $ 40 . Basically , these do n't sound like $ 2000 speakers , but for $ 100 a pair , they sound good enough that you really should n't be disappointed . I got them so I could stop using my weak TV speakers when watching movies or playing Xbox 360 . They will sound slightly different depending on where you are standing in relation to them , but this is normal and expected with a budget setup . They 're plenty loud enough to play music and be able to hear it throughout the entire house . I 'm using an Onkyo TX-DS656 receiver . I supplemented these speakers with a Polk PSW505 subwoofer -LRB- another great value , very powerful -RRB- and I 'm very pleased . In sum , I feel like I made a very good choice and certainly do n't feel an urge to upgrade any time soon . These will do for quite a while .
 I usually do n't write reviews , but I was impressed with these speakers and thought others should know since they are at such a good price ! I know a lot about home audio and speakers , it 's been a part of my family for years and I grew up around it and have developed a love for it of my own . These speakers are exceptionally good for the price !!! I have several higher end speakers and systems and these Sony 's are only a couple grades below . I would recommend these to anyone . I am actually trading in a couple of my Polk shelf speaker for another pair of these . The reason being is the Sony 's produce a fair amount of bass which is a big deal to me . These speakers do n't produce a lot of bass unless you really crank the volume up , and then you will feel the 8 '' woofer ! It 's not a lot of bass or overwhelming but is enough to make the walls rattle . I am one of those guys who love a lot of bass so it 's not quit adequate for me but probably enough for most people . I hope this review is helpful , and if you do n't have much money and even if you do have a lot to spend , these speakers will satisfy and most likely impress you for the price . Just buy them you will be happy and glad you did ...
 While not as accurate as some speakers I 've owned , these speakers get the job done nicely . They can be a bit boomy depending on the material.Tremendous value - I have no regrets .
 My friend gave me his old Tecnnics SA-5460 stereo receiver for my barn / workshop / ham radio station . Obviously , I needed speakers . He 's a serious audiophile but said that I should be able to get a couple of 80 to 120 watt speakers for around $ 100 . So ... I began looking around . The Sony SS-B3000 kept showing up with a great price and great reviews . So I did the `` One Click '' thing . They arrived this morning only two days after I ordered them . I unpacked them and connected them to the amplifier/receiver . After confirming that they worked , I placed them on shelves in the barn following directions provided . As I write this review , I 'm listening to the Hearts of Space , Program 797 , `` Worlds Beyond . '' I 'm absolutely amazed at the sound . Great bass , typical of space music . Also listened to a little Eva Cassidy and Jackson Browne . Amazing speakers . I 'm very satisfied both with the speakera and with Amazon . Great service !
 I wo n't take too much time repeating all the accolades this speaker system has garnered , except to say that I agree with everything said . The sound reproduction is very high quality and captures a wide range of musical subtexts . This is especially important for listening to jazz and classical compositions that have many-layered pieces . The one slightly negative thing I have to say is these things are enormous . Do n't kid yourself , unless your books are 21/2 feet tall , the `` book shelf '' description probably does not belong here . That said , they are remarkable speakers ; I paired them with a Sony STR DH 800 -LRB- an okay receiver -RRB- and the music sounds very clear and full , especially streaming from AirPlay . I highly recommend these speakers , assuming you have the space .
 For the price , you will be amazed at the amount of `` speaker '' you get.This is my second purchase from Amazon 's Warehouse Deals -LRB- other review was for Logitech THX speakers -RRB- and again , Amazon has defined perfectly what `` Used-Like New '' should be . I purchased these for $ 70 and it looks like the masses are catching on to a VERY good speaker for a VERY little price . They 've already gone up and they 're out of stock.Let me state that I am aware that electrostatic Martin Logan speakers are out there and available if you do n't mind trading in your car as a down payment , so are Sony 's the Be-All-End-All ? No . But Damn , for what these used to retail for in the store picking up a pair for even $ 170 is still a good deal for what you might need.What might I need , you say ? At lower volume levels the bass is so deep , rich and beautiful , I thought I still had my sub active during testing these . At higher volumes , the richness leaves in favour of just almost-crystal-clear sound all around . The highs start to bottom out -LRB- meaning it starts to sound hollow and I was even able to get the tweeter to flutter without maxing out the volume -RRB- but here 's the thing ; what are you using them for ? These things will more than suffice without a sub in a smaller living room or den atmosphere , will start to kick but in a medium sized home theater setting and will get lost without a sub in a large area/room or as music you have turned up in order to listen from another room somewhere . You add a sub , turn down the bass or change the crossover setting in your receiver to these speakers , and you really do have kick-butt speakers for home theater . The spacial recognition between each speaker and then with a center for testing movies was absolutely mind-boggling , in the sense that there was any at all . Perhaps the fact they are Sony is making everyone -LRB- and me -RRB- enjoy their surpise and shock that much more at these babies . But I 'll tell ya , paying three times the price for a smaller speaker than this MIGHT get you same -LRB- or perhaps better -RRB- quality at low volumes , but will fade quicker than these as you turn the volume up . GUARANTEED.Keep in mind Sony does not make their speakers at all . They are made for them but to Sony 's specifications they hand over to the manufacturer . But wait , so are at least 30 % of the other speakers on the market!Here 's what I used for testing , as I used to sell this stuff to make a living and learned that you could make ANYTHING sound good as long as you had just the right demo disc ... MUSICHeart 's Greatest Hits - The opening song 's guitar make even the cheapest speakers weep . Here , the sound of her plucking her guitar in the first few bars is really amazing coming out of the tweeter and mid-rangeMadonna Greatest Hits - Die Another Day and Do n't Tell Me on disc 2 really show off the spacial difference between left and right sides with all the background sounds in `` Die '' once the song starts , and the bass line in `` Do n't '' is handled musically instead of just a thud from a smaller-type speaker.MOVIESJurassic Park - The T-Rex scene shows the limitations of the bass just a little bit , but then again , when I turned my sub back on the mid-range was now more full than my previous Athena speakers from Canadian company API , that I paid $ 240 for as employee pricing back in the day . Without the sub , very impressive up to a mid volume area.Tron Legacy - The opening sequence alone with Daft Punk 's score and his voice over as the word TRON comes on screen , you will be sold right then and there , my friend . And that 's without a sub well above medium level volume.WHAT I WAS USINGAn Onkyo HTRC270 - Hit the THX Cinema button for the movies and you 're off and running . Crossover was set to 80 and the volume setting was `` True '' not THX decibals . So I speak of mid volume starting at about 42ish -LRB- it all depends how something is recorded as to how you 're going to have to adjust the volume -RRB- and topping out at around 55 . When you close in on 60 and above you start to hear what you do n't want to hear from a speaker , in movie-watching anyway.For music I used the Pure Audio function which apparently shuts off everything inside the receiver and just sends what 's on the disc directly to a left and right stereo speaker , no `` re-adjustments '' of equalization by the receiver whatsoever . Volumes here ; after about 60 , the quality changed to just belting out the sound as best it could . How often are you having a rave in your condo or den , exactly?Lots more demos but hopefully you get the idea . I 'm not an audiophile because I ca n't afford to be , but I enjoy good sound so I try to get the best that I can afford for myself . For these speakers and their price , it was n't even a gamble for me , really . If they ended up sucking , off to the garage they go for weekend carwashes nad lawnmower repair . But they do n't suck , and I 'm thrilled that I can use the money I saved on this spectacular purchase on something else now .
 I 've had these for about a month now and for the price they are great speakers . Bigger than bookshelf which I like but not huge either . Good overall sound , clear crisp highs , when driven well the lows hit pretty hard . Not the most incredibly detailed sound but for this price they are a steal .
 These speakers are larger bookshelf speakers so be sure to check the dimensions out and do not expect to get a smaller set of speakers.I have these mounted about 7 ' up a wall and am using these as my surround speakers -LRB- I have a pair of Boston actual bookshelf spears for my rear surround speakers that do very nicely for that job for a full 7.1 surround setup -RRB- . These Sony speakers sound great for the money . I was looking for a larger bookshelf speaker set for my surround setup and I saw the overwhelming positive reviews on these so I thought I had to try them out . I would guess you have to spend several times the cost of these speakers at least to beat the sound . In a small room or apartment these speakers could actually be used as front speakers and do well . They reproduce sufficient bass ; the mids and highs are clean as well.Bottom line is you can not possibly find a better pair of speakers for the money -LRB- I paid $ 75 with no shipping or tax online through B&H ; Photo -RRB- .
 These speakers are small enough that they do not stand out against your decor in the home , but the sound quality from them is tremendous . This was a great purchase . I would recommend them in the future .
 I really did not expect such a nice product . I orginally wanted these speakers for my 10 amp driven computer , but when they came , the older speakers that I have had to go to the computer while these new Sonys had to go to the TV audio .
 Half the price of Best Buy and with the 8 '' woofer it 's a great sounding speaker , great bass .
 Great sound-I currently own speakers that are much larger with a lot less quality . I currently own 2 sets of these speakers .
 sound great love these speakers great price ggreaat bass
 Bought the first pair of the Sony B3000 speakers a month ago for an old Sansui reciever and was impressed on the quality . Enough I purchased a second pair . For the $ $ it was a good purchase .
 Theses speakers have a great sound and a great look . Very nice for the price .
 I purchased these speakers to replace some much smaller and older ones I use in the basement and wow ! what a transformation . They have a wonderful full quality sound that now makes it a pleasure to listen to all types of music while I work . I recommend them for anyone who does n't want to spend a lot of money but is still looking for a great sound .
 Great price $ 99 for the pair.Great service . I ordered these speakers Thursday night and they were delivered Saturday morning , and for FREE !!! How do you top that?As for the speakers , they replaced a pair of Mourdant Shorts I bought close to twenty years ago that have lost their ommf , These Sony 's are clean sounding and effortlessly powerful , I ca n't wait until thet have been broken in . You wo n't be dissapointed.You wo n't need a sub woofer but maybe a hard of hearing neighbor .
 It was time to replace my 25 year old Technics towers . I wanted something much smaller , without giving up the great sound I was accustom to . I listened to a lotta speakers from Bose , Wharfdale , Polk , and for the money , these were by far the best . Good bass , crisp highs & rich midrange sound . I 'm very happy with these & I hope they last as long as my last set .
 I listened to my niece dance around with her IPOD Glee music and thought , damn . When I was a kid we had huge floor speakers that rattled the neighbors windows and summoned the police . She was happy with her docking station . I was UNHAPPY with her docking station , so ... I found my old 200W stereo receiver I had since the 90s and bought these bad boy speakers . I could have gone for huge , but I just wanted to go big enough to blast her `` docking station away '' . She came knocking on my door to see what was booming and was blown away when I reached over and hit `` pause '' on my IPOD plugged into my receiver . That 's right , you can plug an IPOD into a 200W receiver and run these awesome speakers that are loud enough to run a house party . Do n't let the size on these fool you . They have the full sound of the old floorstanders of my youth and they sound awesome at low levels . The tweet , mid , & 8 '' Woof do a song proper . Now , I know I 'm not gon na get a 15 '' Woof rattle like I had when I was younger , but my receiver has 7.1 surround , I can just add a powered Subwoofer If I want to . For now I 'm satisfied my IPOD niece got ta taste of real home audio .
 This is the second generation of this flavor of speakers I 've owned for eight years now . I am convinced that you would have a very very hard time finding better speakers than these , and I hesitate to add `` for the price '' to that , because it makes it sound like , `` Oh , this is the best you can get for $ 50 - $ 100 , '' where in reality it 's more like `` This is the best you can get for $ 400 -LRB- or $ 1000 if you 're stupid enough to fall for BOSE 's ` better sound through marketing ' department -RRB- . `` Back in college , I was an Audio and Acoustic Arts major at Columbia College Chicago who was looking for a solution to high fidelity audio on a student budget . On a trip to visit my grandma in St. Louis , I ended up finding a pretty decent pair of bookshelf speakers for $ 10 at a Goodwill . I could n't bring them back with me on the train , so I asked my grandma to mail them to me and I 'd refund her the shipping costs . The shipping costs ended up being close to $ 100 , so instead she donated them and bought me the 1st generation iteration of these speakers new online , which came out to be the same cost.I am eternally grateful to my grandma 's stroke of luck here in picking out this set of speakers . I have pretty high demands for audio fidelity , and I was willing to sacrifice some of the standards I developed for audio editing with extremely high quality studio headphones just because you ca n't really get the same thing from speakers , and willing to give up even more ground for the sake of expense . These speakers saved me a lot of agony by being extremely accurate and powerful . The frequency response curve on them is alarmingly even , and while there is definitely a floor to the bass , it 's well grounded , and is more than adequate for a huge range of use - college student dorm rooms , home theater setups , studio monitors , etc. . The sound does get a bit flat when the volume is low , which is normal , and they really shine when they get LOUD . I paired my first set with a $ 20 Pioneer receiver I picked up from a Salvation Army , and it was n't the best -LRB- especially since I never sprang for heavy gauge wiring for them -RRB- but it was very good.When I moved to Fairbanks , AK last year , I had to leave them behind , much to my chagrin . I shopped around a bit , and did some comparing in Sears and Best Buy and other stores , but was unable to find anything that came close to being both reasonably priced and acceptable in audio quality . I ended up buying a 2nd generation set of these on sale from Amazon , paired them with yet another $ 15 JVC amp from a Salvation Army , bringing me to a total of $ 85 . I was pleasantly surprised to find that for the 2G 's they added a hole in the back of the case in a sort of subwoofer fashion , and I found that the holes do in fact push a LOT of air , and dropped the floor out of the old ones I had.I 've tested both pairs I 've had extensively with a broad range of music - from Boston Acoustic bass tests , classical music , heavy metal , classic rock , alternative , piano , choral , solo vocal , electronic , folk , and everything in between - and have not had to give them anything less than a B + . I listen to several hours of music a day and it covers an equally broad spectrum of genres and instruments . These are simply excellent speakers and I 'm glad to have them . Definitely invest in some heavier gauge wire -LRB- I picked up a roll of garden variety 14 AWG from Radio Shack -RRB- , but do n't drop money bombs on Monster cables . Most of the extra money you spend on them goes towards marketing , not product quality or R&D. ; You should find that the pretty modest receivers and amps you can find at thrift stores tend to do a decent job of driving them , and if they do n't , you could buy ten lemons before you 're spending more on crap amps than the ludicrously priced things you can find at Circuit Cities an Best Buys -LRB- or on Amazon , to be fair -RRB- . If I 'm harping on the economics of the audio industry too much by this point it 's just because it has been my professional experience that it does NOT TAKE MONEY to make excellent loudspeakers and can take as much money as you 're willing to pay for bad ones . If you 're buying speakers for the average room for the average person , these speakers will satisfy your every need . If you 're doing high-end recording work , you should n't be doing it on speakers anyways and shame on you . Get yourself some studio cans.Happy listening !
 Order was placed on Wednesday March 25 for : Sony SS-F6000 Floor-Standing 4-Way Speakers , Sony SS-CN5000 Dual 5.25 '' Center Channel Speaker , Sony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers with 8 '' Woofer.Estimated shipping date was March 30 . Order qualified for free shipping . I thought it would take 2 or 3 weeks to receive it . I received all before the weekend!Sound is excellent . A little light on the Bass at lower volumes but I believe that is due to the lack of adjustment on my Sony STR-DG510 AV receiver . I hear things in movies I never heard before . Watched a Rambo movie and could hear ALL the rainforest noises even at low volume . It fooled my dog and he started fratntically searching for the bugs , birds and even ran to take cover from the sound of rain . I first listened to Heart `` Mistral Wind '' . Beginning with gentle acoustical guitar growing to a tempest of bass guitar , drums and high pitched lead guitar squeels describing a violent storm at sea , moving to the calming as the storm passes . A song I know well and have listened to many times before . I was well pleased with the clear highs , shuddering lows and the full clarity of the midrange . Excellent bang for the buck .
 I just purchased a pair of these locally . I have them hooked up to an Insignia NS-R2001 -LRB- 100w x 2ch -RRB- , and they sound fantastic . With just these two speakers I have an incredible sound system that 's balanced , clean sounding , and gets loud without distortion . I tried adding a 10 inch powered subwoofer to see how it sounded , and honestly I thought it was too overpowering so I left it out . There is plenty of bass provided by the 8inch woofers . Best purchase I 've made in awhile .
 I bought a pair of these Sony SS-B3000 bookshelf speakers to replace an aging system we used in our kitchen/dining area . We normally turn this system on and leave it playing all day long , and we listen to classical radio music.When I saw the price -LRB- $ 79/pair -RRB- I thought `` Well ... they wo n't knock my socks off , but then I do n't expect them to for the price . '' Well , forget that ... I have had to replace my socks more than once!The first thing I did was to throw away the painfully thin speaker wire Sony provided . I am using 16-gauge and the speakers ' terminals will accept it , no problem . The speakers are light enough that you can safely put them on a shelf.One thing I am noticing
 I use these speakers for music played from my computer via a high end amp . They are an excellent value for surprisingly very clean , true , reproductive sound when running flat -LRB- no tone adjustments -RRB- at , what I consider , low to moderate levels of volume . These speakers do not need a graphic equalizer for balancing out `` soft spots '' . The only disadvantage of these speakers
 i am very happy with these speakers , a Huge improvement from my previous speakers that cost more than these giant beauties . i am running these on a 25 watt amp and they sound great ! the bass is crisp and has a noticeable presence , the highs sound clear and compliment the bass and the mids tie it all together quite well.and the free shipping arrived 2 days early . i would recommend these to anyfriend
 I 'm in the unfortunate position of having audiophile ears but a small budget . So I shop carefully for audio equipment . I purchased a pair of Sony B3000s here recently -LRB- $ 84 -RRB- , and while I auditioned them I was also testing a pair of Klipsch B-3 bookshelf speakers -LRB- $ 329 -RRB- . I only use my system for audio , by the way , in combination with a 100w Sony subwoofer , and I listen mostly to classical music.I noticed a big difference in sound right away - the Sonys seemed to be accurate up and down the frequency range while producing a very even , smooth ensemble sound in full orchestral passages . To my ears the Klipsches did none of these things well . I 'm an orchestral musician and I know what different instruments sound like - the Sonys reproduce all the instruments very accurately . The Klipsches , on the other hand , were so bright and lively that I found them harsh and difficult to listen to . They 're more efficient , so they produce louder sounds at the same volume setting , but that 's not a consideration for me . All that I want is accurate reproduction.I compared both pairs side-by-side with a wide range of recordings , for about 50 to 60 hours each , and ultimately , for my tastes , the Sonys far outperformed the Klipsches . And at 1/3 the price of the Klipsches they were a heck of a bargain . They 're not high-end speakers so they 're not going to blow your doors off , but for the money they 're a great value .
 The first thing I thought when I unpacked these speakers was `` these are not bookshelf speakers '' . The first thing I thought when I hooked them up and gave them a spin was also `` these are not bookshelf speakers ! '' They are not terribly heavy and could easily be placed on a shelf or hung from the ceiling , but they really sound best on stands by themselves.I also own a pair of SS-B1000 speakers , and those are also impressive for their size -LRB- which truly is bookshelf -RRB- , but the difference in the clarity of the bass is just astonishing . Even at low volume levels , the bass has a presence and realism lacking in the 1000s , though it is n't any louder in the mix , and transients are palpable as much as they are audible.The look is nothing out of the ordinary , but the performance and price certainly merit giving these your consideration . The size is small enough to be able to hide among the furniture if you are so inclined , though they really deserve a clear path from speaker to ear . My only -LRB- very minor -RRB- gripe would be the spaghetti-thin speaker wires included in the box , which are best replaced immediately.EDIT JANUARY 2010 : I finally have something to compare these to -- I got my hands on a pair of Tannoy SRM12Bs -LRB- aka `` Little Red Monitors '' -RRB- . Needless to say , the LRMs alone blow away the SS-B3000s alone , which is why they still fetch $ 800 a pair even though they 're 30 + years old . The SS-B3000s have been relegated to the support role , where they are more than adequate.If you 're looking to upgrade a bookshelf stereo , these will definitely do it . They are a massive upgrade from the SS-B1000s that came with mine . But if you 're expecting them to go toe to toe with speakers costing five times as much -LRB- or more -RRB- , they wo n't . If this is the biggest speaker you can reasonably accommodate -LRB- small room , guest room , office , etc. -RRB- , then these are an excellent choice . If you expect them to replace speakers several times their size and weight , sorry again . You can only bend the laws of physics so far . : -RRB-
 I bought these to replace a pair of Infinity 2-ways . The old speakers were 6 ohm , and seemed fine driven by an old JVC stereo receiver . Later , a co-worker sold me his old pro-logic reciever . I picked up a set of 8 ohm Sony center , subwoofer , and surrounds . We listen to music a lot , and using the crossover in the sub , keeping keep the receiver on stereo , I thought the music sounded pretty good . However , with the old fronts being 6 ohm made it really hard to balance the sound levels when we watched a movie in surround . Just today , I got these as part of an overall system upgrade to full 7.1 . These speakers arrived first , and I could n't wait to see them on my stands . What an amazing difference . We have n't changed anything else in the set-up yet , and the music is SO much richer and clearer . I paid more for those little Infinity 's way back when . These are a real bargain at Amazon 's price . Do n't let the `` bookshelf '' description fool you ; on a pair of 14 '' stands , these sound as good as many floorstanders I 've heard .
 This model replaces the Sony SS-MB350H , which I also bought a few months ago . They 're virtually identical , except the Sony SS-MB350H had `` kevlar reinforced '' woofers instead of mica , and the SSB-3000 has a bass port on the back , which the SS-MB350H did not.Some people complained about the lack of bass in the previous model , so I guess this is Sony 's response . I got a 12 '' sub to go with the SS-MB350H 's , so now I have plenty of bass.They 're good looking , they sound great , unbeatable value , two thumbs up from me .
 I bought these through Amazon 's Warehouse Deals for $ 59 and change -LRB- plus free shipping and no sales tax -RRB- . The pair I got were brand new and in perfect condition , and had apparently been returned to Amazon by a previous buyer because the box got beat up during shipping.If I 'd paid $ 100 for these speakers I 'd still be happy . I got them to replace Advent mini indoor/outdoor speakers with a passive subwoofer for a bedroom stereo system . The Advents cost more nearly 10 years ago , but the Sonys sound so much better . The Advents sounded muddy ; the Sonys are so clear I am amazed . I can hear subtleties in music from CDs that I never heard before . The highs are crystal clear , and when there is silence on a CD , there is silence from the speakers , no hum or air sound at all.The bass from the 8 inch woofers is good , putting out a bass sound that has both oomph and clarity . I mostly listen to classical these days , though I love rock , and with classical I am not concerned about having insane bass -LRB- like those cars that sound like they are subwoofers on wheels -RRB- , and for a bedroom system I do not need dance party volume.As other reviewers have noted , these speakers are large for bookshelf speakers , though this is not a problem for me . And as other reviewers have noted , the speaker wire that comes with them is so thin it 's useless . I do n't know why Sony bothers including it.I have the speakers connected to an Onkyo TX-8222 stereo receiver -LRB- 50 watts per channel -RRB- with 16 gauge speaker wire , and I have the speakers about 6 feet apart . This set up is more than adequate for a 12 X 16 bedroom . -LRB- People who are mystified by speaker wire might look up the page at the Crutchfield site that explains the basics of gauge , etc. -RRB- I am very happy with these speakers .
 For my 7.1 surround sound these were large enough for sound bass and yet small enough to hang from speaker brackets I bought at Walmart . I had listened to the smaller versions of these but were 2-ways with little bass . These 3-ways are the way to go along with a center speaker for voice and a sub-woofer for bass . Best Buy could get these at $ 110 a pair but when I ordered them , they never called me while the same day I ordered these from Amazon and they showed up a day earlier than Best Buys would have ... plus Amazon shipping was free and no tax . WTF more could you ask for . Do n't hesitate ... go ahead and order them . Very versatile speakers .
 I am very happy with this set . I bought it for our surround sound in our bedroom in order to replace the old huge Sanyo speakers , they were great too ; The SSB-3000 are used as the front speakers -LRB- I bought the SSB-1000 for the rear speakers and they are also great for this purpose and set up -RRB- . Even at high volume , which I usually do n't use , it performs without distortion . DVD movies , and music , sound great in our room . The receiver I use , Sony , is 150wts of power .
 Always considered my old -LRB- early 70 's -RRB- KLH 6 speakers the best ever 'til hooking up these Sony speakers . Just ordered a second pair since these are friggin ' unbelievable and the price is fantastic .
 I have much more expensive speakers and none come close to the sound for the price and incredible value . These speakers will stand up favorably to speakers costing much more . I use for music and home theater in my bedroom with smaller sony surround , sub woofer and center channel and they are absolutely stunning looking and sounding ... just get them and see for yourself . I am listening to them as I am writing this review and I am telling you , you can not beat them .
 I have been using some Sony SSB-1000 bookshelf speakers for my surround sound mains for about two years now . They always sounded great with my budget system . However , my subwoofer started to die so I replaced that , and when I replaced it I decided to go with some larger and more dynamic main speakers as well . Seeing as I had such a good experience with the SSB-1000 set , I went ahead and went with the SSB-3000 . I chose these over the two floor standing options that I was looking at , the SSF-5000 and the SSF-6000 . I chose them over the SSF-6000 for the larger woofer , and over the SSF-5000 because I read some reviews that said the SSB-3000 actually had tigther bass response.So they came quickly , as is always the case from Amazon , and I set them up with my receiver right away . I have a Pioneer VSX-520 receiver , not the greatest in the world , but a pretty nice receiver for a budget surround sound setup.I let the speakers break in for a couple of hours with just low volume television . I 'm not sure whether breaking in a speaker actually works or not , but I figure it ca n't hurt and I did n't have anything to do , so why not ?? After a few hours of low volume TV , I set about actually setting them up and testing them out.One of the issues I had noticed with the SSB-1000s running with my new subwoofer was that if I had the sub set to crossover at 100hz , I was getting some unwanted bass response at the higher frequency . When I crossed it over at 80hz , I was no longer getting this response , but I then noticed that I was seeming to miss some frequency just about the crossover point . This issue was most likely because the SSB-1000s frequency response is listed down to 80hz , and with the sub crossed at 80hz I was probably losing a bit of sound right at that crossover point.The SSB-3000s have a frequency response down to 50hz , so I was able to leave the sub crossover set at 80hz so that I did n't notice any of that unwanted bass response , but now I was n't missing that little bit of range that I seemed to be missing with the SSB-1000s . I now had good sound across the entire sound range , it seemed.I have tried running the crossover of the sub at 50hz , but I like the sound better with it set at 80hz , so that 's where it 's going to stay.Testing the SSB-3000s with various movies and music all proved to be very solid . They produce more sound than the SSB-1000s , and it 's cleaner at louder volumes . What I mean by this is that where I used to listen to movies with my receivers volume at about 50 , now I 'm listening with it at 43-44 . So these speakers are louder than the old ones , but they also sound more clear to me.For music , the range is really good . From hip-hop to jazz , they sound very nice . They are n't harsh or dull , just a good all around sound . For movies , I 've found them to be really good front main speakers . They provide volume and low end that the SSB-1000s just could n't quite do.Overall , I 'm really happy with these speakers . They seem like a very natural upgrade to the SSB-1000s . The sound is similar , but better , and they provide the same basic &#34; feel &#34; that the SSB-1000s provided.I highly recommend them to anyone looking to build a budget sound system for themselves .
 This pair of speakers sound very nice because of the mid range . These are a three way system and you can really tell the difference compared to a two way setup .
 we took out the surround speakers and put these in for some super clean sound from the front of the tv . will hook up some rear speakers some day , but I am very happy with the Sony speakers .
 I am very happy with these speakers . They are mounted in my basement rec room . I wall mounted them by using a short strip of metal fastened to the back , wire them to my amp , and the jo was done . Good sound and easy install .
 I got these to replace an old -LRB- larger -RRB- set of speakers . I an very happy with the sound quality ! What an improvement .
 These sound great . Not audiophile quality by any measure , but just fine for 99 % of home users . I personally use mine with a Technics turntable , Behringer pre-amp , and lower-end Onkyo A/V receiver . It 's a simple setup but you 'd be hard-pressed to hear the difference between it and something a lot more expensive.The one downside ? Calling them ` bookshelf ' speakers is a little bit of a stretch ; they 're not 1980s-big , but they 're still big . That 's my only complaint ! Otherwise they 're an incredible value .
 I got these speakers promptly and they are indeed a first class product . The first thing I noticed was howheavy they are . These things must have some serious magnets in them . FWTW . They really do sound good thoughSony nailed this deal .
 I play music all the time in my apartment with these speakers . They are hooked up to a receiver which is hooked up to my computer so I play music directly from my computer . These speakers are clear and do well when they are cranked up loud ! I love the base they have -LRB- although I would recommend getting a separate bass speaker if you throw dance parties a lot -RRB- and the clarity they deliver.They look sleek in my apartment and I love coming home , turning music on , and relaxing after a long days work !
 For their size they are terrific , not the bass of larger floor speakers , but a very good product for the price .
 this is a great product , product shipped extreamly fast , no problems or defects with product , recommended buy for anyone . great sound too A +
 I purchased these for a simple analog 2.1 channel AV application . Everything is running through a Sherwood receiver and the speakers sound great ! My only negative comment might be the size . They are just an odd size . I knew what the size was when I ordered them and anticipated placing them on speaker stands . At 20 '' tall and 10 '' square they just look top heavy . The wife is afraid I would create a death trap for the cat should he knock one off the stands . Regardless , I found an alternate mounting option and everything sounds great . The cat is safe and we are now enjoying DVD 's , Netflix and content from my new Roku player with complete enjoyment . Even NPR radio sounds better ... Yes , buy them , but do n't use with tall flimsy speaker stands .
 These speakers were a steal for the quality at that price . Anyone considering them , I highly recommend buying them . They sound and look great .
 I purchased these for my garage and must say I am extremely happy with them . . they really make my records sound great ... I love the size and the amount of bass these things have is incredible for such a compact speaker ... Do n't hesitate ... look at the reviews ... these speakers are well worth the money ...
 The saying that `` you get what you pay for '' is n't true in regard to these speakers . You get more than that , much more . I 'm stunned at how well these reproduce everything from heavy metal to orchestral arrangements . I have them placed in a bookshelf wall cavity in the living room which has a hard wood floor , and a 14 ft vaulted hard wood ceiling . This is obviously a very sound unfriendly setting but it has n't phased these speakers at all . You would n't expect bookshelf speakers to fill a room this large but these have no problem with that chore . Probably because they are n't really bookshelf speakers , but I did manage to cram them in -LRB- barely -RRB- . Having purchased them a while back at only $ 80 for the pair , I can honestly say it 's one of the best purchases I 've ever made .
 If your looking for the best bang for the buck , look no further . These bad boys are very impressive for the money . I hooked these up to a Yamaha receiver and i was literally blown away . The 8 '' speakers provide great bass , and when turned up , you 'll find these things shaking off the shelves . I would not necessarily call these bookshelves speakers but more so floor standing , because of there size . Cant go wrong with these , these are a must buy .
 The Sony SS-B3000 pack an incredible sound with a very warm and powerful bass . For the price range , I found these to be the best stereo pair of speakers in the market .
 We are thrilled with this product . Easy setup , great sound . They are bigger than I thought they would be , and so is the sound . If I had to list anything negative , it would be that the provided speaker wire is too short to place the speakers very far apart . We are thrilled with our purchase .
 Very happy with the product and all my friends have said this is well worth the money . I got all Sony speakers for my 7.1 home theater and boy it rocks the house .
 These speakers are petty amazing considering the price . No matter the type of sound your looking for low/mid/highs it seems to handle them all pretty well . I 've had them for about 3 years now and they are still going strong so it 's good to know I should get a pretty decent life span out of them .
 These speakers really amazed me at first glance . I was very surprised about how tall these speakers are . The one thing I was n't surprised about was how great they sounded . I 'm still in the break in stage and they sound great and with each minute of break in time , they continue to sound sweeter . I have to commend the seller for making my entire buying experience a pleasant one , including shipping . If you 're looking for a bookshelf speaker that is n't going to break you , this is the one .
 I was looking for a pair of speakers in between floor standing and bookshelf size , so these fit the bill . -RRB- n sale for $ 69 at the time I ordered ... a great deal . Excellent definition but a little on the bright side . I would prefer a fuller , warmer midrange . I 'm using these on a pair of wooden floor stands that gets the speakers about 14 '' off the floor , which enhanced clarity and smoothed out the bass response . With this and a discontinued Sony receiver , I was able to get a great sound system for my high-ceiling bedroom for about $ 150 .
 I have never bought any type of stereo equipment without first listening to it . I just got these june 6th , 2012 and I LOVE THEM ! They are a perfect size , they are not small , sound great , especially for the price , and am considering buying two more . I would definitely recommend this to a friend and was more pleased with the overall sound than I imagined ; buy these speakers !
 I ordered these speakers along with a pair of polk audio on walls -LRB- OWM3s -RRB- . The owm3s havent come yet , but i dont even think they will make a big difference with how these sound . They are full , not tinny , and have good bass -LRB- but you will need a subwoofer if you like big and boomy bass -RRB- . I AM NOT AN AUDIOPHILE , but these sound way better than the speakers I had before and i think many people will find them great for music or movies.Polk Audio OWM3 On-Wall Speaker -LRB- Pair , Black -RRB-
 The speakers are beautiful and sound terrific . When I received the Sony SS-B3000 bookshelf speakers , I was very pleased with the size they were n't toosmall and the sound was extradinary .
 Personally at first i was going to put these on my desk to replace my Logitech-z506 's but they were too damn big ! So i moved them to my room wired them up with nice 16 guage speaker wire , stood them on some milk crates , and gave them 100-105 watts each and ... . BOOM !! These suckers hit hard !! I 've tried just about everything with these speakers from watching scary movies , to listening to songs that produce all the way down to 35 hz !! They sound amazing , they can be tower speakers if you just put them on something and make em ' tall or not . But anyways , the massive 81/2 woofers hit so hard you can feel them in your chest !! Almost like someone is literally punching you there . Being that they have a tweeter,mid-range and woofer these are perfect for just bout everything ! Great buy i would totally recommend this to low budget entry level guys such as me . Good Luck !! : -RRB-
 Needed a cheap but usable pair of bookshelf speakers for my home theater system . Bought these and ca n't believe how great they are ! No kidding , I was expecting distortion , lack of clarity , etc. because of their price tag but wow , was I wrong . Do n't get me wrong , these are n't top of the line speakers and i 'm pretty sure sony did n't put a crossover on the 8 '' sub , but these speakers will more than satisfy the average and even experienced listener . Fills my medium-sized living room with nice warm sounds and the cabinets look attractive.Pros
 I bought these speakers along with a Pyle Home PCA4 Mini 2x75 Watt Stereo Power Amplifier . I did a review on the amp . These speakers work great with this amp . I think they 'd be great with practically any reasonable amp . Do n't need to spend a lot of money for expensive speakers . If you want something to hook your computer or CD player up to that is decent quality , try teaming up a Pyle amp and these speakers . You wo n't be disappointed at the price or the quality .
 These bookshelf speakers by Sony are an outstanding value for the money ! I do n't think you can get better value in this price range . The two speakers arrived well packed in protective styrofoam and more ; and setup was a breeze using 16 gauge speaker wire.The quality of the sound is really very good . Of course you can get better sound from other speakers , but you 'll pay more for that luxury . These suit my needs very well ; I wanted a relatively affordable stereo system in my bedroom , not a particularly large space , and when set apart from each other by several feet I can enjoy the best sound possible from these speakers.One thing to note that some have mentioned before -- these are 20 inches tall ; they really do n't look like bookshelf speakers to me ! I suppose they would fit in a large wall unit or on a shelf but they can just as well stand on the floor.Highly recommended !
 Great speakers . Just paired these with Polk PSW10 powered sub . I first just had these alone and there was still some room left to be desired on the bass . So I bought the Polk PSW10 and man is this a sweet setup . My receiver is a sony STR-DH100 . The reason I give them a 4 is because I just feel that they ca n't stand alone for my tastes . Great speakers though .
 Fantastic set of speakers for the price ! They sound better than most more expensive brands . HIghly recommend to anyone that wants to add clear crisp sound on a budget .
 Rapid shipment , great sound , perfect size for small space , so far so good . Very happy with quality , time will tell on longevity .
 I bought these speakers to accompany the crosley turntable I had just purchased . They are awesome . I got them for a great price on Amazon .
 These speakers are in a category of their own . Far from the price range of comparable speakers , these are well worth the money . The mid range feels a little under-powered , as the incredible tweeters steal the show and the woofers really put out . The power handling is great for the size . The volume easily gets well beyond what would be considered practical before you would be pushing the wattage limit.The Price and tweeters are huge plusses , but the cabinets , with their size and resonance are a drawback.These are just too big to be bookshelf speakers , but not big enough to look like respectable floor speakers . As a result , they have become glorified -LRB- and I do mean glorified , their size is incredible -RRB- computer speakers . With a practical sitting height , most listeners have the speakers at the perfect height when sitting at a table before these . and being so close allows the listener the opportunity to hear the muddy , synthetic warble of the cabinets . The wood is not near dense enough to handle the force of the woofers . The side walls kick out their own sound , and add a fake , boxy feel to the low range . This also emphasizes the lack of ultra low range reproduction.If you are looking for a budget speaker that delivers quality , volume and durability , this is the way to go . MP3 's and ipods will sound just fine over these , but lossless audio compressions , -LRB- WAV Flac Alac analog and such -RRB- will expose holes in the performance .
 These are excellent speakers for the price . Moderately sensitive at 88db , these speakers produce a reasonably flat response . The 3.25 '' squawker and 8 '' woofer provide terrific value at this price point . The description on the web site does n't say this , but the baffles are rear-ported bass reflex , so it is possible to adjust the bass a little by altering the distance from the back wall . For a small to medium sized room , these provide enough bass for vocal music and some types of jazz , but for a wider range of music they need to be augmented with a subwoofer . I suggest you do not use the included 22 gauge speaker wires , but upgrade to 16 gauge or better . Though the spring-loaded connectors will hold up to 14 gauge , it probably does n't make sense to go thicker because of the quality of the connectors . But at this price point , I 'm not complaining . Also , if you 're planning to actually put these on bookshelves , make sure your bookshelves are 15 '' deep , or 12 '' if you 've willing to give up some bass . I 'm happy using them as floor speakers . Excellent performance for the price , and good construction and conservative good looks to boot .
 My previous speakers were altec lansing 2.1 computer speakers , so I cant * really * compare , but my goal was to find open-air speakers which could match my nice sennheiser headphones , which these guys mostly -LRB- see bass -RRB- do.Overall
 Having recently acquired a Pioneer SX-450 from the Seventies , I went looking for speakers to use with it . There were used ones for around the same price I paid for these Sonys but who knows how good they are now ? The Sony reviews looked to be promising and for a price of $ 90 and change -LRB- free shipping too ! -RRB- , I figured I 'd give it a try . Boy did that work out well ! Good crisp sounds from the woofer , midrange and tweeter let the old Pioneer receiver strut it 's stuff just as good is it did 30 years ago ! Matter of fact , when one compares what $ 90 is worth today to what it was worth back then , it 's like Sony is giving these speakers away for how good they sound . There 's enough weight in them -LRB- around 15 pounds -RRB- to let you know there 's something substantial in the build as well as the sound . The black wood/grill style works out well with today 's emphasis on black colors in electronics.I do recommend that a buyer use a better grade of speaker wire than Sony includes but pre-cut lengths of wire with tinned leads are easily found at Radio Shack in 18-gauge size . With the Pioneer being rated at 25W RMS per channel , 18 gauge is enough to do the job but since Sony rates these speakers at 120W RMS , if you have a higher output amp , then do look to use the 16 gauge speaker wire , which is bought in a larger single roll at Radio Shack.There are more expensive speakers out there and there are going to be better speakers out there but in terms of Bang For The Buck , these Sony 3-ways rate as an amazing bargain . Buy 'em before they go away !
 I have four of these used as surrounds . They have great depth , punch , are clear , and cheap . Not unattractive either.Keep in mind ... they may be larger than you want . Measure where you are going to put them before getting them.Other than that ... you ca n't really go wrong . They are great , and could easily be used as mains .
 well made speakers that complement my MTX main floor speakers perfectly.they handle the bass well but I have to adjust the treble down . but , good speaker for the money .
 GREAT speakers . Wonderful sound for the average electronics user . Nicely packaged , great look , and they 're BIG . They make my family room really shine , and the sound is all that I need . For the price , you ca n't beat these .
 I had some gigantic kenwood speakers that took up tons of space and wanted to downsize ... these are fantastic speakers and the price was great ! They arrived well packed and I am very happy with them . I love shopping amazon .
 First I would have to thank Amazon for their excellent business efficiency for getting these to me so quickly ! The sound is rather good from these speakers . Granted the bass which there is quite a bit of is somewhat boomy . After some quick EQ adjustments in iTunes the sound was pretty clear though . Not $ 1000 speakers , but for the price are a very good buy !
 I have two SS-B1000 's with 2 B5000 's , an Onkyo receiver and a Yamaha sub . I received the SS-B3000 's today to replace the 1000 's and the difference is like night and day . These speakers are really not bookshelf . They can stand on the floor or on stands . I received them in 2 days with free shipping . Yay Amazon .
 I ordered this pair of Sony bookshelf speakers to go with the center channel Sony speaker , the pair of Sony surround rear channel speakers and a Sony powered sub-woofer I already own . Although they are considered bookshelf speakers , they are actually fairly large so you may want to get some stands for them . I hooked them up and they do sound nice for a surround , theater sound system . I did not expect this system to sound like a $ 1500 sound system . They will be used when we watch movies and need surround sound for them . I also use them when I want to listen to the FM radio which usually results in lesser quality sound due to limited reception at my residence . I own a pair of Bose 901 Series IV speakers with the Bose Active Equalizer -LRB- second pair I have owned over the years -RRB- that comes with them . I use these speakers for reproducing the ultimate top quality sound when I listen to CD music or music DVDs . In my experienced opinion , the Bose 901s fit into the affordable range of the elite category of audiophile speakers . I love the direct/reflected production of sound that leads to an openness and spaciousness of the sound . With that being said , I close by saying that the Sony bookshelf speakers are a very nice value and get the job done that I intend to use them for .
 I ca n't believe how good they sound taking in count the size . In special if I put them on the floor they give me an excellent bass response , treble is reallly good too . For that price I do n't think there is any better choice . I connected them to my Pyle Pro 100 RMS receiver and can say I 'm more than happy , also connected a second hand Kenwood equalizer I just got and the sound I get is amazing . I recomend them to anybody looking for good sound at a really cheap price .
 There is just no comparison , Sony equals not only quality workmanship but price affordable to the common music listeners . I highly recommend this product .
 I am a headphone lover , and a bass hater . I was worried about Sony 's massive loud but low quality bass like what they did on their headphones . However , I think this pair of speaker sound better than I expected . I 'm actually loving it ! I was setting them up in dining room but I moved them to my room immediately right after it made its very first voice . `` It 's nothing better but just a party speaker '' said myself when purchasing , but it turns out to be a great music player and movie speakers too!I am very satisfied with this purchase , and every aspect of it worth the 5 star rating.PS
 For 75 bucks , I did n't expect anything nearly this musical . They 're a bit bigger than expected -LRB- OK , so I did n't actually measure the actual inches beforehand -RRB- , but that just makes them a bit bigger-sounding I guess . Rear-ported , solidly built , extremely musical , and they go loud without getting ugly . They 're not Thiel or B&W -LRB- my other brands at home -RRB- but they 're an amazing value . Buy.these.speakers .
 I 'm building a small system with a budget in mind . I needed something quick to start with . I 'm old school and wanted a bigger woofer for my main speakers . These do produce a strong bass but I tweeked down the boom -LRB- caused by the ported design -RRB- with a quality subwoofer . Polk Audio would have been better but these are great for the price .
 I am very pleased with these speakers , I was using Bose 301 ' with a Sony subwoofer and had to crank up the volume to get decent sound.With these new Sony 3000 's I get excellent sound qualitym highs and lows at lower volumes.When I crank up the volume I am even more pleased , great sound an awesome sound and value for the price.When I use the Bose 301 's I turn on the subwoofer , the bass on the Sony 's is good enough even at low volume thatI turn off the subwoofer.I am using these in an apartment living room about 15 ' x 18 ' with a 8 ' to 16 ' sloping ceiling foot ceiling.I had a large pair of JBL floor speakers but they also must be cranked up to get decent sound.I do have to consider my neighbors so the Sony 3000 's are a win win , great sound at lower volumes and still sound great at higher volumes.BTW I am not using these a bookshelf speakers but have then place vertically on the floor elevated 12 '' on stands .
 I ordered the Sony SS-B3000 speakers to replace a set of speakers I had had for about 15 years.Little did I know how much sound I was missing . These Sony 's have clarity , a full sound with strong bass . My family and I listen to everything from heavy rock to classical music which requires true clarity for the subtle nuances of those genres . And all for a very low price.Thank you Sony .
 These speakers are amazing sounding . The bass is low and rich , the midrange is clear and accurate , and the treble is high and precise . I bought these speakers to replace an old pair of Sony ss-av33s as surrounds , and the ss-b3000s really make a difference . They are , however , a little big for bookshelves unless you have really big ones . On the back is a cheaply made port which does not have the plastic insert like most Sony speakers do , but it does n't detract from the sound quality . Overall , they are very good speakers for $ 100 , and I definitely recommend them to anyone .
 I got these and hooked them up to an old Scott stereo receiver and the sound is perfect . They handle mid to high range sounds excellent and their low range is surprisingly powerful . The black plastic frames look like wood but will not warp and the construction is very tight . I would recommend them to complement any system . I bought mine in order to add some mid range to my Logitech z 5500 and the two combined produce some of the most epically loud yet perfectly crisp sound i 've ever heard .
 I have been listening to my analogue sound system for over 30 years and decided to come into the new century with new equipment . I was afraid that the Sonys would sound a little tinny and sharp like so much of what I hear nowadays . The speakers are much warmer , and precise , than I expected . They have melded with my loudspeakers very well . I use them as my rear surround . They do a very adequate job , and at a very good price . I am pleasantly suprised .
 Just add me to the rest who found these speakers outstanding ! They are larger than a typicalbookshelf speaker so be sure to review the dimensions before ordering . The size works great forour situation and we ca n't believe the great quality for such a small price .
 I 've listened to those BOSE systems with the subwoofer + tiny satellite speakers that are supposed to be so amazing , but I think they sound tinny . They miss the entire mid-range of sound.These speakers are much more satisfying . They do such a great job of delivering the deep bass tones that you do n't really need a subwoofer , but they do n't sacrifice the mid - or high-range sounds . I 've listened to $ 800 speakers that do n't deliver the quality of sound that these speakers produce . Sony should be charging more for them ... but I hope they do n't hear me say that !
 Lone Caveat
 These speakers are a great bargain . Like the other reviews say the speakers are a little larger than normal bookshelf speakers , but if you know that going in , you will be pleased with the value they present . The sound is good and the price is great . Enjoy !
 decent sound quality for the price . You get what you pay for . Would recommend to friends .
 I just put a pair of these on top of my kitchen cabinets so I can listen while cooking . I was really quite amazed at the quality of the sound these things produce -- very clear and natural up and down the range . I even find the bass response to be pretty good -- I 'm listening to Abbey Road right now , and the bass is full and `` present '' without sounding too boomy or loose . There are no doubt better speakers , but you 'll spend a * lot * more than $ 80/pair for them .
 This is my first system I 've had and have them in my fraternity house and these speakers sound great ! The speakers hit the lows well while not sacrificing any of the highs . And did I say these speakers can get loud ? However , do n't plan on matching them with a receiver that matches their watts perfectly or you will blow the mid and tweeter speakers . I had a perfect receiver matched up with it and 2 of the 3 speakers do n't work . Thankfully , Sony has a good warranty and are being fixed free of charge . The warranty really is what convinced me to buy this product .
 I First bought the SSF-5000 which are for $ 95 but there bass reponse just wasnt good . I returned those and ordered these instead . The Speakers have amazing clarity if you wana listen to rock/slow sings and has an awesome bass response for listening to house/rap/hip hop music as well .
 Recently bought the Sony SS-B3000 speakers . As many have mentioned are a little larger than most bookshelf speakers . However , these speakers are an exceptional value for the money . Plus they sound fantastic , clear highs , smooth mid-range and good bass response . Most music lovers will be satisfied with the sound and these are also nice looking speakers . You can not go wrong .
 I recently got these speakers for use in my apartment . After reading my reviews on them , I decided to try them out . For the price , you simply ca n't go wrong . They have awesome sound and can get pretty loud . I would recommend them
 Speakers look nice . The sound quality is better than I expected . I 'm using them in my family room for the receiver that pumps out low volume CDs , radio , etc. . Perhaps a slight bit muddy , but I listen for sound quality all day long in my job as a professional video editor and I assumed for this kind of money that I was n't buying anything to match my $ 1,250 each JBL monitors in the studio . For the money , this is a great deal . They work , look attractive and sound better than the last pair of bookshelf speakers I had for that receiver .
 Good nice new in box never opend . They sound great I intalled them in my office andI just ca n't turn off the stereo now , I have music on all day !! GreAt product
 Great sounding speakers !!! I highly recommend them . They also look great on the shelf too . The sound quality is excellent and clear . These speakers are a very good buy for the money .
 My old Realistic speakers could n't handle the base on many DVD tracks . I had them in a cabinet which would rumble like a freight . Tried these based on reviews . They are perfect . Fit in the same enclosures as the old ones and are distortion free . My only regret is waiting too long !
 I 'm currently using this setup in a 2.1 from a receiver which provides 110W per channel . I tried originally with simply a 2.0 using these speakers and was not content . They lack tangible performance below 100hz -LRB- even though they are capable of creating sound as low as 50 hz -RRB- . No matter how I manipulated my receiver I could not make this fit my tastes in the low end . So I bought the Sony SW-2500 to round it out , very pleased now : -RRB- In general these are fantastic speakers , nothing else to it , highly detailed and very very clear . They are extremely well constructed and very stylish when you remove the dustcovers.They present recordings accurately and have a neutral sound signature , they sound good for movies , but I could n't tell you how they sound in a 5.1 / 7.1 I 'm only using them in a 2.1 In which case I use them almost exclusively for music , which has so far included vinyl , cd , . flac , . mp3 , and streaming . All of which sound good , and high quality bit-rates sound noticeably better .4 star speakers IMHO , however for the price ? -LRB- 70 usd -RRB- These are unquestionably 5 stars . * I am an audiophile so my standards of judgement are higher than most , however anyone who gives these speakers a sub 4 * rating is simply being pretentious .
 If you want decent sound quality without killing your bank account these are nice speakers . Quality SONY construction and they are nice size ... but not overwhelming . I 'm very happy with the purchase !
 The speakers seem to be very well constructed and certainly sound well beyond the expectation , given the modest price . Of course they are not designed to compete with higher end speakers , yet the sound is really very good and I feel quite satisfied . Free shipment only attenuated my satisfaction .
 Thee work great for my TV room . Finishes off the surround sound . Little lacking for just music . Great price . Little large for bookshelf speakers .
 After reading reviews on several bookshelf speakers , I decided these . I have not been disappointed . I 'm not very technical so my opinion may not count for very much but I am very pleased .
 I bought these at an open-box , but cosmetically perfect deal to use with my new digital tv . Also bought one of the cheapest Sony receivers to go along with it . Although I 've been enjoying the sound I have n't done any serious listening until recently . Having discovered Time to Say Goodbye with Bocelli , Brightman & the London Symphonic Orchestra I REALLY appreciated the fullness and superiority of the sound of these speakers compared to the $ 250 satellite system I had in another room . Much more bass with these Sonys even though the satellite system has a subwoofer . This song on the satellite system truly paled compared to these although the Sony cost much less.I 'm really starting to listen to music again and that 's partly due to these speakers ! Oh yeah , ya got ta hear Bocelli , Brightman & the LSO Time to Say Goodbye . Google it on youtube .
 I consider myself an audiophile , being building and listening to systems for 35 years . I 'm also a musician and as several have commented already - these are very nice little speakers . they are not going to fill huge rooms of course but I use it in my master bedroom that 's pretty large - about 20x20 and they fill that very nicely with lot 's of overhead . Tight bass , great balance - not overdone in the high 's . They are very solid and I highly recommend these to anyone - as a secondary set or even primary . Great for Home theater Front L/R 's I 'd expect but I have some older JBL 's for that ...
 Greate sound for the money bulit out of good materials not a cheep speaker . It 's a mid size book shelf speaker that can be used as small floor speaker or on stands . I have mine on the wall . Thay are my main front speakers in my 7.2 souround system . I love them thare great . The highes are smoth mid range is good . Not much bass as i thought from an 8 '' but i have a 10 '' and a 12 '' powered sub so i have tons of bass . I love them so much i just purchaced the SS-B1000 -LRB- smaller -RRB- for my souround cant wate to get them . If you want a great set of speakers and on a budget thease are for you .
 These are wonderful speakers . They have great audio and the price is great too . You will not be sorry you bought these . They are called bookshelf speakers but they seem a little big to be labeled that . Anyway , they are fabulous.Sony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers with 8 '' Woofer -LRB- Pair -RRB-
 We needed a `` not so big '' sound system in a room other than the den . These speakers actually have better sound quality than those with our entertainment system .
 Speakers used for a computerized studio set up . Amazing sound , at a great price . Definately recommend for those on a budget that still want an impressive sound .
 I ordered these without seeing any dimensions -LRB- via Amazon mobile -RRB- . I thought they were 8 '' tall given that they are refered to as `` bookshelf '' speakers . I do n't know what bookshelves Sony is putting these things on but they are 20 '' tall . Not really what I was shopping for to use with a desktop computer .
 These are good , low priced speakers . The sound is not an full and the audio resolution not as clear compared to a nice set of floor speakers , but they are good for bookshelve speakers . Television and movies seem to be better than pure audio recodings -LRB- CD 's -RRB- . Good quality for the price .
 These are probably a little more than &#34; Bookshelf &#34; speakers but they sound great sitting on the floor . We use them for movies and music with an older Sony receiver and they have good sound from highs to lows .
 My meager home theatre is 13 ' x 18 ' , and these may be overkill for a room this size , but they sound great on both movies and classical music .
 These speakers have clear sound and great bass ! I can not believe how powerful they are . They have the sound of speakers twice their size .
 These were a gift for someone and it turned out great ! I have the older model of these speakers , and really enjoyed them so I figured these would work out well . They sound great for what they are , although the bass response is a little too aggressive for my taste in some situations . If the bass is a little much for you , it 's easy enough to adjust on your receiver . Overall , worth the price !
 If you like a nice crisp sound with lower volume then these are great speakers . Do not expect to rattle the windows with these as they just do n't go there.Great for apartment or a small area .
 These speakers come with a 2.7 uF capacitor inline with the mid driver and a 1.2 uF capacitor inline with the tweeter . Personally I do n't think these are ideal for 8 ohm drivers . From my calculations with 8 ohms nominal impedance , it puts the mid driver in the 7000 + Hz range and the tweeter in 16000 + Hz . That leaves a lot for the 8 &#34; woofer , some quite possibly out of the drivers range . To get them to create what I thought was balanced sound the bass had to be increased +6 db and treble decreased -4 db on my receiver.With the above said , they do perform very well , with minimal distortion at volumes higher than I would normally listen . I have since installed the 3 way crossover recommended by other reviews . They still require an increase in the bass to produce a balanced sound but now voice is much more clear in music and television . The size of them is a little awkward for the living room , I would recommend going with the SSF-5000 if you plan to use these for home theater purposes as the SS-B3000 are a little large to be on a shelf but a little small to be on the floor .
 I bought these at a great price and I am happy with them . They sound great and have a clear range of highs mids and lows . They were bigger than I thought they were but thats not that big of a deal really . This is a great product if you are looking to stay in budget and still enjoy an nice set of speakers.Pros : - cheap-great quality-easy install-clear rangeCons : - bigger than expected
 I was in the hunt for new speakers . I owned a pair of Logitech z-2300 before . I wanted something that had a more clear full sound range . I went to listen to a few speakers and here is what I concluded . I have heard the M-Audio AV40s and their BX5 D2 which was very clear and detailed but lacked major low end . I 've heard the Klipsch Promedia 2.1 which are pretty good sounding with a lot of clean bass . I did not hear these Sony 's in person at all , but I purchased these regardless.First impression was WOW ! these things are very clear . They have a lot of clean highs . These do sound a bit flat with a good amount of bass on the bottom end . If you are expecting bass that thumps and vibrates your chest you wo n't get that with a 2.0 set . The 8 '' woofer on this gives a decent bassy sound depending on the type of music . These speakers excel very well with EDM music and Rock . I love my R&B ; music and hip hop music with a deep emphasis in bass and mids which comes off a bit flat . Do n't get me wrong , these speakers are still very enjoyable . If you want something that is LOUD , CLEAR , and AFFORDABLE than go ahead and purchase these . You will not be disappointed.I was on the verge of spending over $ 500 on a pair of Audioengine A5 + and a subwoofer . I am glad I did not . You can achieve much better sound by purchasing these Sony B3000 for under $ 140 and adding a subwoofer if you so wish to . These are very tall and large bookshelf speakers so be sure you have room for them . For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 Very pleased . Product works good and the price was far less than at my local electronics store . I recommend it .
 Coming from little 40 watt speakers these sound amazing , feel sturdy , and look great . Best sub 100 speakers i have ever owned !
 How could these cost only 75 dollars ? I do wish they had a little more bass , but the mids and highs come in perfectly thanks to the tweeters . My advice would be to not have them on the ground and try to elevate them if possible . Still sound great on floor , but you 'd get a little more thump if they were up . Have them connected to a cheap -LRB- but great -RRB- sherwood receiver and can make the walls shake in my dorm room . Great buy , and know I 'm getting something good from Sony .
 I bought these speakers to go with my newOnkyo TX-8255 Stereo Receiverreceiver . They go together very well in my small living room . I orginally bought speaker stands to go with the speakers , but ended up placing them on the floor . They are bigger than I thought and sound very good on the floor .
 Super . The bass leaves some to be desired but the highs are soaring . The midrange is great for watching movies . Concerts are rockin ' ! The only problem I have with these speakers is that they do n't sound ideal unless they are really cranked . Now I 'm looking for a bigger living room !
 I purchased a sony receiver and needed some speakers to go with it . I saw all the good reviews for this speaker , but ignored them because I thought to myself , how could good speakers come from sony . So instead I bought a set of floor standing polk tsi400 's , which I paid $ 299.99 each for . They sound great and I love them , but I went to a friends house who has the sony b3000 speakers and they sounded equally good . I asked him if I could could borrow them to compare to my speakers.After many hours of comparing the two models , the sony bookshelf speakers are not quite as good as the polk 's , but they are very very close . The polks have slightly better highs and are a tad cleaner , and I mean a small tad cleaner , but the sony 's produces much more bass and the mids are equal on the two . Overall there is n't a huge difference between the two . I returned the polks and bought the sony 's . If your into hip hop , rock , techno , or any music that has alot of bass , you 'll love these speakers . sometimes I listen to them without my subwoofer and they still sound good . I paid $ 75/pair for the sony ss b3000 and they compare favorably with polk tsi400 's that cost $ 600/pair . So yes I whole heartily recommend these speakers . My only complaint about these are that they do n't get as loud as I would like , but overall these are an excellent speaker and a fantastic value.Pros
 These speakers have excellent coverage of the audio spectrum . They 're very clear and work great as computer speakers for music and games . The woofers in this unit are strong enough that a subwoofer is n't really required though it 's nice to have .
 I am not an audiophile by any means like most of the other reviewers here , however I feel confident to say that these speakers are worth the money 2x over.I bought these to replace my old dell speaker system for my pc which was not bad but couldnt handle high volumes without popping or distoring.It may not be a very good comparison with these but im telling you , these speakers will satisfy you over and over.I use a stereo receiver with them from around 10 years ago and they produce incredible clarity , especially with classical music.I listen to a lot of techno/dubstep and lots and lots of rock music , these do not distort at all at high volumes and play back very smoothly.Now for the individual reviews of the parts : Tweeters
 I was searching for a pair of speakers for my 2-car garage . I purchased a pair of Pioneer speakers a million years ago and decided to replace them when one of the woofers had seen its last days and the sound was distorted . The Pioneers were paired with a pair of Bose 141 Series II Bookshelf Speakers . I considered purchasing another pair of the Bose 141s but I did n't want to spend a fortune . I reviewed the comments of current Sony SS-B3000 owners posted on Amazon 's site and decided to purchase the speakers . The speakers were received prior to the promised date of delivery -LRB- Amazon always beats the promised delivery date -RRB- . For the price , the SS-B3000s sound great and I am completely satified .
 I have been putting together a low budget home theater setup and needed some new speakers to replace the old -LRB- 40 yr -RRB- speakers I was using . I have a pair of little 2 way Tapco speakers , that I use for dialog driven movies . Now I wanted something larger for movies with more music . These fit the bill perfectly . They are powered by a 100W per channel Sherwood amp , and I am very happy with the results . Spoken words are understandable , and the music booms for things like Iron Man and Hell Boy . For those of us who are not audiophiles , these are an excellent buy .
 You wo n't find a better sounding speaker for the money . A little big to be called bookshelf , but as long as you take that into consideration , they are fantastic for the money . Great bass , great sound -- again , amazing for the money . My prior experience has been with the original large ADVENT speakers by Henry Kloss , Boston Acoustic A60 's , and Infinity 's .
 I am simply very satisfied . The speakers came before they were supposed to and work fine .
 The 6 ' high by 2 ' wide Magnepan electrostatice speakers were the `` B '' speakers and were a bit too big for the back of the living room . But they were pretty nice . When I saw the price for these Sony bookshelf speakers I thought that `` what the heck , if they are no good I can give them to someone or maybe bring them to my office . '' I hooked them up and put them under the piano so they are out of sight , but not out of hearing . They are amazingly good and clear with almost no loss of clarity from the monsters ! I recommend them for anyone wanting a good second set of speakers .
 I bought these speakers for my husband and he really likes them , `` they are very good speakers for the money . ''
 Got a very good deal from Amazon on these speakers . they came very quickly so I am very pleased with the transaction.As for the speakers , I would like a little fuller base but they are very transparent and give a very pleasant sound that way . I would make this deal again .
 These hybrids are hard to beat for the money . I call them hybrids because their design and size lie somewhere between bookshelf speaker and floor speaker ; adequate for either use . I 'm using them as the front speakers in a surround sound system . Nice highs , good mids .
 Bought as part of a system of matched speakers and Amp.They do take alot of power to drive I will say that.Good sound needs a sub for the lows , I think Im used to the Sub Lows by now anyway.This is a Balanced speaker No speaker over rides the other , Havent fully pushed them yet , But I will see what they can take.The written specs they have from Sony are true specs !
 I simply wanted to receive better sound from my Mitsubishi DLP HDTV . -LRB- These sets provide excellent video with not so great audio . -RRB- I paired the Sony SS-B3000 speakers with an equally inexpensive Sherwood receiver and made my humble wish come true .
 I recently broke out my old turntable and LP 's and realized I did n't have anything but small bose computer speakers to hook up - yikes ! . After a little research I came across the Sony SS-B3000 and between great reviews and a reasonable price I decided to give them a try . They are FANTASTIC - great mid range and bass , they make listening to LP 's a great experience . The only surprise which really should n't be if you read the size spec 's is , they are big for a bookshelf but then again you are getting a 3 way speaker system and need the space . I have them on the floor in the corners of the room and could n't be happier with the sound quality .
 I agree with the review that said these speakers provide very accurate sound . I hooked them to an amp that is getting a signal from my computer database of FLAC music files . The connection also uses the grounding cable from DAK to eliminate potential grounding hum . The sound is amazing . I think to get better sound one would have to spend $ 500 + for speakers . And , then I 'm not sure that for 95 % of the type of listening one does , that the difference would be appreciated . All in all , these speakers are the best sound I 've found for the money .
 Well , I 've only had them for a few hours now , but after reading the reviews and deciding on an inexpensive pair of small floor speakers -LRB- large bookshelf speakers ? -RRB- to replace my ailing vintage Acoustic Research , I read the overwhelmingly positive reviews and decided to give the Sonys a try . I have to say , I am more than impressed . I am not an audiophile per se , but I have extremely diverse musical tastes -LRB- already tried Shostakovich , Clifford Brown and AC/DC on them -RRB- and I do n't have a mean thing to say . With a moderate amount of equalizer tweaking , they sound clear , balanced and powerful . What a bargain !
 First let me say that I am not a fan of Sony . Their products have been hit or miss with me -LRB- mostly miss -RRB- . However , these speakers have been a real treat . They provide a nice full range sound , with crisp highs and deep lows . They handle a decent amount of power so you can push them pretty hard . I bought a Sony STR-DG720 to push them and the combo is great for my home theater . Are they the most awesome speakers ever made ? No . Are they the best home theater speakers you can buy for under $ 100 a pair ? Probably .
 These speakers give a large amount of sound for such a small speaker . I am very pleased with my purchase , and I would recommend them to anyone . I used them for my multimedia center upstairs in my bonus room . The speakers work great with DVD 's , the Wii , and the radio . Overall excellent value here .
 I am not an audiophile , but I 'm the son of an audiophile , so I know when I 'm listening to the Martin Logan Electrostatic Speakers in my dad 's living room , just how good speakers can be . Likewise , I can not stand listening to my music through speakers that are anything below mediocre , and I prefer something better.To sum up how I feel about the SS-B3000 's , I 'm satisfied . I know there is better , but for this price , they are worth it . If you are used to really nice sound systems you may be disappointed , but if you are used to laptops and earbuds , you WILL be impressed.One of the best things about these speakers is that they sound as big as they are . I 'm not talking about loudness , I 'm talking about size . Some speakers , like bose , are tiny but sound huge . Others are big but sound like computer speakers . These speakers are big , and sound big . I think the nice logitech computer speakers I have make clearer sounding music than them , but if I sit eight feet away from my computer speakers or play them in a large room , they do n't cut it . These Sony 's are perfect examples of why Computer speakers do n't work attached to your TV . The sound fills the room nicely.Midrange is excellent . The higher frequencies are pretty good . The disappointment comes from low frequencies . Because it has a big , 8 inch woofer , there is no problem producing a nice beat for your techno or hip-hop enthusiast . But because these are inexpensive speakers , the quality of that bass is n't very good . Low frequencies sound boomy and muffled . This is especially annoying when listening to music with a driving bassline like Muse , Elbow , or Daft Punk . Its worst with symphonic music , failing to reproduce the sounds of bassoons and timpanis with the same clarity it can reproduce violins and flutes with . I plan on solving this problem by finding a second hand amplified subwoofer that allows me to pass the high level channels through it . These Subs are capable of removing the lower frequencies they put out from the signal sent to the L and R speakers . I am hopeful that this will cause a dramatic improvement.The Pi&egrave;ce de r&eacute;sistance of these speakers is voice reproduction . Considering the average sound quality in every other aspect , the vocal reproduction takes you by surprise . It sounds like Jason Mraz or Sara Barielles are in the room with you , singing to a recorded track of instruments . If you mostly listen to that kind of music , these speakers will do nicely.If you are looking for cheap speakers for your TV/Entertainment system , which I suspect you are , and you use that system mostly for VIDEO GAMES , LOOK NO FURTHER . These speakers are AMAZING for games like Halo Reach , Call of Duty , and Portal 2 . Especially Halo Reach . The first time you play with these speakers and hear the voice say `` Slayer '' at the beginning of the match , you know you have just revolutionized your gaming experience . The boominess from the bass is irrelevant , the booms are grenades exploding so its perfect . You will never know how much of a difference sound can make in your video gaming experience . Furthermore , anything more expensive than these will be overkill . I actually prefer playing with these speakers to my dad 's $ 3000 speakers , which only help you by letting you hear imperfections in the sound a video game puts out . And do n't get the smaller sony 's thinking they will be as good . That size aspect I was mentioning before is what makes these so good for gaming.The bottom line is that these speakers are good , not great . Unless you are an audiophile , you will likely be satisfied with them for the price . The boominess should be curable , and if you are a gamer , you should be pressing `` add to cart '' right now .
 I ordered these with the Sony CD changer for my Mom , and she loves the sound of the old songs emulating from these speakers . Brings back many memories ; she likes the setting at 11 but good lordy they can blast your ears out . I doubt they will ever get that high . lolThe quality is awesome , the clairity is immense and sound superb . I think I will order me a set for myself . The price I think was way lower than most quality speakers but wow what sound.One tip , in the CD Changer I ordered for this system it comes with some speaker wire , DONT use it . The gauge is like 30ga if there is a gauge that size , another words its small and cheaply ; get you some RCA good heavy duty speaker wire . Cant use the rca plug in on these speakers they have raw wire to push in and use.Good luck with these and I hope this review helped you some way in making your choice . :-RRB- -RRB-
 These are by far the best speakers you can get for the price . The highs are amazingly good ... smooth , natural and completely fatigue free . The lows are very good too . Very highly recommended.Note
 I had previously owned Bose 601 and AMS series III for about 20 years long before Dolby 5.1 surround . I have just upgraded to a Sony STR DG-720 reciever with active HDMI and 7.1 Surround using a Sony Playstation 3 as a blueray player . As a test I watched Transporter 3 on blueray and realized that for the amount of money I paid for these speakers and the quality of sound , I 'm glad I had gotten rid of the Bose system . I use the SS-B3000 for the Front A speakers , a pair of SS-B1000 bookshelf speakers for the side surround and another set for the rear surround as well . I also have an sony center speaker and a yamaha down firing subwoofer . This sytem sounds fantastic for just under $ 1,000.00 versus my 20 year old $ 5,000.00 sound system . Overall I am very impressed by the clear sound quality of the Sony SS-B3000 speakers . The main reason I was motivated to get a new stereo system was after listening to my father 's infinity book shelf speakers . Unfortunately , his speakers are no longer in production so I went with Sony .
 I 'm very happy with these speakers . I had replaced my old Marantz speakers with some Pioneer cheapies , because I no longer wanted the Marantz behemoths in the living room . I was n't happy at all with the small Pioneers , which had NO clarity to them . I tend to like the highs in my music , as I do a lot of orchestral and jazzy stuff in my iPod and on my CD player . This pair of Sonys is GREAT ! The clarity is not screechy , but the highs are clear and true . The lows are n't so low that my condo neighbors are complaining , either . I 'm very happy with the price and the quality . Sony , you came through again !
 I was actually surprised by the sound quality and proportion of theses speakers . I got these to replace some Bose 201s and could not be happier !
 For the price of these speakers and the build quality , you can not beat these !!!!! Expected a good product when i purchased these , but got GREAT Sony speakers instead !!!!
 I am listening to `` going back to cali '' by B.I.G. right now on 6 of these babies , they shake the house easily . They are being powered by my 1,000 watt sony amp , the stdh520 , they pump hard and tight . They handle a good amount of bass , but I live for bass and have two 10 inchers and two 12 inchers coming in the mail to help out the sony 's . I am just glad that I bought them a few months ago when they were $ 60 referbished , now they are $ 100 for a pair . These sound just as good as my Cerwin Vega ! center speaker , I highly recommend them they pound like hell and sound great at the same time !
 I had been looking for a good pair of reasonably price speakers to replace my very ancient EPI speakers I had purchased in the 70 's . I have purchased two pairs of these speakers and have been very pleased . They also look great and go well with any black motif . They have a very balanced and accurate sound . The high is crisp and clear and the midrange is tight . The low end could be a bit tighter , but still it is very good . Even at $ 99 for a pair these are a great value . I would highly recommend these to anyone who want great speakers but do n't want to pay that ` Klipsch ' price tag .
 Good deal , Got to get a nother set , Back up . Little high sounding but im puting crossover in it cost about $ 24 each that will solved that .
 big sound from small speakers.they sound good , well worth the . i deffinitly recommend these speakers for anyone with limited space.good sound , good value
 These speakers truly amazed me ... I searched all the reviews from every different website I could find and that led me to these . They seemed to be the best speakers you could get for the price and it seemed like a lot of speakers that cost quite a bit more could n't even compare to the sound these reproduce . I am actually surprised ay how CRYSTAL CLEAR the sound is that flows from these . I have 4 of these connected to my Sony Receiver along with the Sony Center and SSF-7000 Floor Standing Speakers . I had just these four speakers hooked up for quite a while just to see what they sounded like without anything else . The sound is amazingly clear and accurate even when I push the receiver toward max volume . I heard no static or distortion with them turned up . I have tried multiple types of music from Rap , Hip Hop , Alternative , House , Dubstep , Classical , Pop , and probably more and they have performed beautifully with all of it . I actually have to run my receiver -LRB- 110w x 7 -RRB- at about 50 % volume because its actually way too loud over that . Highly louder then a normal movie theater even at half volume . The only issue I see with these is they are fairly restricted when it comes to bass , but home theaters always need to have a good sub woofer so that does n't affect me at all . I highly recommend these to anyone who wants to put down some serious sound in their home . Great product , but that 's what you get from Sony .
 Bought these for a large warehouse . Great price point , $ 71 . Wish they had a little more base but they 're pretty darn good . BUY !
 I had just bought a new stereo receiver . My audio improved , but not as much as i expected . So , listened to the speakers and noticed a dragging noise . I ordered a pair of SS-B3000 and was totally pleased . Nothing wrong with this audio .
 i have n't purchase this product yet but i 'm going to get it for christmas . When i looked at this bratz video camera online i thought it was going to be a good camera . i wanted it since last year when i saw it on the -LSB- ... -RSB- . This product is so new that no one have made a review about it in any website . i wanted to be the first . I 've been a big bratz fan for years and all the products i bought has been great . No problems whatsoever . i just hope MGA hase n't made a bad camera . I 'll be disappointed
 For it 's price it can not be beat ! Overall , easily worth the price and the five star rating I gave it . I would also go as far to say this is the best
 The tripod is very well made and very light weight for it 's size . I am 72 '' tall and with the center pole it can lift the camera above my eye level . There are only two negatives about it . The product description calls for convertible feet -LRB- rubber/spike -RRB- . This is not the case . I called the manufacturer and was told that the newer models do not have that feature anymore to save weight and most retailers do not change their product description , so beware if you are looking for this feature . The pan head is just o.k. , but what do you expect for the price . You need a hex key every time you want to adjust the friction . It is fine if you video , but very tedious while setting up shots for still pictures especially with angle shots other than level or 90 degree . Overall decent value for the money and very light weight -LRB- includes a carry bag too -RRB- .
 Purchases these for about 35 dollars counting shipping and handling , figured if they sucked not a big loss being $ 110 at the time of purchase but the quality far surpassed me expectations . They have pretty decent sound quality and are comfortable to wear . Have n't used them for a long gaming period yet so I do n't know if they let my ears breath well yet.Only three things are keeping me from giving it a 5 star . First up is the auto-tuning . It was pissing me off at first until I remembered my sound was set to 100 % output . Opened up the sound control panel and lowered it to 50 % and it 's working like it should now . Secondly my old gaming headset had rumble feature , I know it 's gimmicky but I enjoyed it and I kind of miss it out . And lastly is the huge recharge time at first . 15-17 hours . As soon as I got them out of the box I wanted to use them but that kind of kills things until the next day . Kind of worried what will happen if they die on me . Think I will by some alternate rechargeable batteries and have them set aside just in case.TL ; DR set your sound output to 50 % before use , no rumble gimmick and the long recharge times bring these headphones down but they are still decent headphones .
 The headphones produce a decent quality when the tuning is set properly . For the money it is a very good buy . The headphones are also comfortable and easy to use .
 This set of headphones is just right . Good plastic ; headgear that is not overly fussy ; responsive buttons with good button feel . Tuning is immediate , and the transmission is good . The ear cushions are great ... very soft vinyl.I have a earlier model AR wireless headphone set which I like , but those earlier phones are bulky , made of cheap plastic ... with foam earpieces that do n't feel that great.These new AR772 phones are easy to carry and wear . The recharging unit works nicely with no fuss . The sound is great .
 I once owned these cordless head phones so I knew the product as new and original . To my satisfaction these cordless head phones that I just purchesed were as if they were new . I was very happy with the purchase.Thanks
 My wife bought me this set about 3 years ago , they have worked great ever since !! just plug into the earphone jack on your tv . No battery issues since I got them !! I can use the volume on the headset or the volume control on the TV . Can watch TV or play video games , when the rest of the house is asleep without disturbing a soul ! I 've definitely enjoyed these and recommend this set , this brand , or similar brands . You ca n't go wrong !!
 We 've used these for several months now and still like them . We have an expensive set we use with our main TV , which we 've had for about ten years now . And THESE headphones are comparable to those . They are not $ 100 headphones , so do n't expect them to perform as such . But they are easy to use and have exceptional sound and volume quality.The only negative thing I can say is that they do n't always charge the batteries like they 're supposed to when the headset is resting in the cradle . That was no biggie to us , because we keep rechargables on hand at all times anyway . But one of sets charges like it 's suppose to . We love these headphones and they are very comfortable.We initially only bought one set and tried it out , then returned for two more sets .
 Recommend this product highly . Consider most of the negative reviews relate to rechargable battery issues which do n't last long anyway . We 've tired of rechargin batteries and simply use duracell `` AAA '' to minimize battery issues . `` This is my 5th pair of `` Acoustic Research Wireless Stereo Headphones '' and has been the most comfortable -LRB- soft earpads -RRB- and easily adjustable headset I 've used . The most recent addition of `` Auto Tuning '' in this current model increased the price but the product still offers great value . Previous model is just as good . Excellent delivery and product . '' We have previous model headset -LRB- 4 each -RRB- for approx 1 year and purchased this pair to insure we never run out -LRB- noticed price doubled at $ 88.07 price -RRB- . We 've had other manufactures of headsets that broke within 6 months while this one is still good after 1 year.I 've purchased over 3 different model headsets and all work with varying degrees of quirks but most of the headsets break or hurt ones ears . A family members hearing loss has been assisted with these headsets and our childrens studies have been un-interrupted by reducing distractions from LOUD VOLUME TV required by the hearing impaired needs within our household.We have been able to wear these headsets for hours -LRB- yes , too much TV < gr > -RRB- without discomfort . I 've also had no interferance using a another transmitter for the downstairs TV . -LRB- So I can watch late night TV without bothering others already trying to sleep -RRB- . The headset allows us to listen to shows while we work around the house yet not disturb the studies of our household college and High School kids .
 This product was exactly what I have been searching for . I have purchased four similar products in the past two years and was very disappointed . I do not know of a better product for the price and for the satisfaction it has afforded me . I am totally deaf in my left ear and partially deaf in my right ear and this was the perfect solution to my hearing problems with television , record , cd players and radios . I would recommend this product to anybody with or without a hearing problem .
 Product great . Had one small problem with the product . But seller turned around and made it right . Very quick . I would buy from this seller anytime !!!!
 When I ordered the headphones I failed to check with my TV maker SONY to see if the headphones were compatible.My TV is a KV-27FS120 and will not permit me to control the audio in the headphones and the TV at the same time . In other words when the sound is in the headphones it is off on the tv . I am hard of hearing and need to increase the sound in the headphones while leaving the audio in the tv to reamain at a different level.Thank you for permitting me to return them for a refund .
 Saw the negative reviews on these and felt compelled to write this . Build quality for the dollar is excellent . Sound quality is very good compared to even wired headphones . Better than Sony 's wireless and the best in wireless unless you want to spend over $ 150 for Sennheisers . The auto-tune works perfectly . Batteries are better NIMH and easily replaceable if needed.The only slight con ... could sit better in charging cradle ... must make sure they do n't shift and charge light is on .
 Quality for this wireless headphones is great . Compare with the cord one , there is not much different . Easy to setup and great deal to purchase in Amazon . I did the research in most popular companies , you can not find any great deal like here .
 I purchased the Wireless stereo headphones about 6 months ago for my very hard of hearing husband . He loves them because now he can hear the television ... and I love them because I can talk on the phone or watch/listen to television at a much quieter level.Remarkable , no interference , great sound , comfortable to wear and now a fantastically happy home .
 These are the best wireless headphones I found during the time I was shopping -LRB- late 06/early 07 -RRB- . I tested Sony wireless headphones and they 're mediocre compared to Acoustic Research . The only flaw in these headphones is the bulky over the head strap , it could be slimmer and less funny looking . Other than that , the product does what it says it does .
 I bought these so I could watch TV/movies without waking up my kids or neighbors , as I 'm hard of hearing . They work very well for TV , Radio etc.Pros
 This product allows complete comfort and sound . The batteries for the headphones last forever . Volume is completely at the control of the earphone , not the T.V. or other applicable appliance . The T.V. can even be put in the mute positiona and the earphones work independently.The only complaint is that the volume and tone control for the earphones are not easy to locate by touch , especially when the earphones are positioned on your head .
 Bought 3 of these for use with binoculars -LRB- bird watching , sports , hunting -RRB- . Every design is a trade-off between robustness and light weight . This one is very light weight , so the cameras , binoculars , scopes , etc. should weigh less than 4 pounds - good for all but HUGE equipment . Light weight and small size when folded also means you are more likely to carry it along.Weight saving makes this tripod somewhat fragile , but it is still very stable , lightning quick to set up and easy to level on rough , uneven ground . Because it is based on grooved aluminum tubes sliding into one another , the first time that someone crashes into this tripod may be its last use . Any twisting , bending or warping force would wreck it . But , with reasonable care , it will last as long as any other tripod which is below `` professional grade '' and at 10 % of the cost of a pro tripod .
 The Fuji E900 has the capability to utilize different lenses , maximizing it 's versatility . The key to attaching these lens options is the ARFXE02 Lens Adapter Ring.Another great benefit to this Adapter Ring is the protection it offers from unintentional bumps to the E900 's retractable built in lens . The unit fits precisely over the telescopic lens assembly ensuring the unit will not be jammed by contact.The only drawback is the intrusion of view through the viewfinder . If you use the LCD display to view , you will not have any issue.A great addition whether you choose to add lenses for additional photo versatility or simply need a guardian from getting your standard lens bumped .
 I 'm using this adapter with the TL-FXE01 , which changes my E550 from a 4X zoom to about 8X . Very nice to have when you ca n't get close enough for a good shot . The mount ring on the camera removes easily and the adaptor goes on with just a twist and a click . The AR/TL combo can really only be used at full zoom , or it 's like looking down a dark tunnel with a bright spot at the end . The adapter is about 1.5 '' long -LRB- the existing camera lense opens up inside it -RRB- and the TL is another 1.75 '' on the end of that , so the E550 is n't going to fit in your pocket anymore with this on it . I only put it on when I really need it .
 I worked good for what it is . If you did n't buy your camera with a telephoto lens then the adaptors and aftermarket lenses are just a little bit extra . There is no adjusting for depth , this only works at full telescopic extention . You 'll need to take the lens off to go back to taking up close pictures .
 This is a worthy product if nothing else , to protect the E900 pop-out lens as well as offer a more traditional feel as if a film type SLR . This adapter allows supporting the camera from below with fingers looped around this adapter as if a traditional SLR lens barrel . This is more stable support of the camera than other holding methods associated with small digital cameras . There is a light stop at the front that also serves as a stray/off-axis light blocker similar to the dew cap tube that extends from a refractor telescope objective lens . For medium zoom ranges of the E900 's lens , the lens is protected from bright sunlight that could hit the lens and cause reflections and fogging the image . For most conditions however , the E900 lens is practially right at the front light stop , thus enjoys minimal sunlight shielding benefit . This is a high quality plastic product similar to Canon counterpart , and is better choice as a lens protector than other metal adapters in that the off-brand metal ones fit too tightly and chews away -LRB- wears -RRB- the bayonet at the camera body . I spin on the Fuji tele lens as needed , but this adapter always stay on the camera . Well worth getting before it is no longer made .
 No se guien por la foto ya que sale achatado el adaptador . Es menos grueso . Cuando lo compre estaba un poco temeroso pero cuando llego mi preocupacion se termino . Le queda muy bien y ahora le puedo adaptar lentes de 43 mm sin ningun problema .
 I have always loved the square sub sound . Kicker makes a great pruduct . I use 2 of these in my truck and they sound amazing . All of my friends love the sound , and the hit these put out . You dont need huge amps to push these speakers to sound amazing , save your self some money and go with the right choice * kicker *
 Awsome Awsome Awsome . I do n't know why they stopped making this sub but I 'm sure glad I got one before they are all gone . At the price I paid I almost want to buy another one just to have it saved .
 I recently purchased this dock extender after plenty of research . I was trying to find a solution to the seemingly universal problem of mounting an iPhone 3GS equipped with the Otterbox Defender case to a dock . This is by far the best solution . Although the extender will not fit through the case at first , a slight modification to the small piece with a Dremel will do the trick . You simply use a sanding bit on a Dremel -LRB- if you have one , or you can ask around your friends to borrow one as I did -RRB- and shave off a small section on each side of the dock extender , and Presto ! Fits like a glove and works brilliantly . I am using my iPhone 3GS with theBoston Acoustics HDUOIPW Duo-I Plus iPhone/iPod Dock AM/FM Stereo Radio and Clock Functions -LRB- Gloss White -RRB- and the dock extender works great . The back support really helps as well to keep the plugs from wobbling loose . It might be a little pricey , but it 's the only clean-looking solution to iPod/iPhone case docking issues on the market right now .
 This product works perfectly for an iPhone 4S in an Otterbox defender case . The one downside is the stand portion that ships replaces your current dock insert , and that part does not clip in correctly . This is not a big deal because the extender holds it down .
 The Dock Extender is a very useful accessory for those who put a protective cover on their iPhone or iPod . It allows the use of a device with a protective cover in , for example , Apple 's charging stand without need to remove the cover every-time the device is charged . While the Dock Extender is advertised as an iPad accessory it works equally well with iPhones , including the new iPhone 4S .
 This fit my ihome clock radio perfectly . The dock adapter was a perfect match and should work with any iPod/iPhone standard dock . This is the only adapter I 've found that comes with the brace to support the back of the phone . It can be used without it as well , such as in a car dock , so this is very versatile . The best thing about this brace is that it also allows me to use my iPad 2 on my docks ! I 've also tested this with an otter box defender case on the iPhone 4 and it works fine . There are n't many cases larger than that . I just bought another one for my other speaker dock . Top quality product!Update
 I have an Iphone 4 with an Otterbox , and an Ihome iA91.This works great , no tweaking needed.Great if you do n't want to have to keep taking your phone out of the case .
 I purchased this so that I could mount my iphone 4 in a Twelve South Bookbook wallet on my iHome clock/radio . Everything works well , until you undock your phone . The white extension needs to be glued down into its complementary piece , or else it ends up coming out with your phone and you have to remove it and re-plug it in . This is somewhat of a pain but not that big a deal . It also does n't work for the iPad 1st generation on my iHome clock , which also is n't that big of a deal . It 's great for phones with bigger cases because it comes with a back support-frame-thing for your device to lay against , maybe save for otterbox cases , which are gigantic.It 's also a bit more expensive than I think its worth , so think long and hard about if you really need it .
 This fit my Sony FM/AM Clock Radio ICF-CS10ip perfect . It is also white -LRB- as is my radio -RRB- and docks my iPod Touch in an Otterbox perfectly !! Great solution and shipped fast !! Love it .
 I ordered this item because I used to have an iphone 3G and an iHome , which worked perfectly . I recently upgraded to the iPhone 4 , and because of the case I bought , I was unable to dock it in my iHome . This item worked perfectly -- the extender fit into the iHome and my iPhone 4 , and I 'm able to charge and listen to music just as I was before . Hooray !
 This does a great job at making my Otterbox coverd iPod work on iHomes . Plus the stand it very useful ! Only downside for me is that it makes it too tall to fit in my iHome ... Altec Lansing inMotion MIX iMT800 Portable Digital Boom Box for iPhone and iPodjust make sure it 'll still fit before buying !!
 This is a very handy little device that allows you to plug your iPhone into any alarm clock dock with the OtterBox still on . I highy recommend it . It will save you from damaging your iPod or iPhone
 This product does a good job of allowing you to place your iPod in a dock without having to remove it from its case . Occasionally , when I remove the iPod from the dock , the extender plug will come off with it . It is little trouble to pull it off the iPod and place it back on the dock , so this is little more than a minor irritation . All things considered , I would recommend the SendStation Dock Extender - the hassle it saves you in not having to remove your iPod from the case just to use a dock is worth the price .
 why this isnt offered at any store that sells Apple products with large case protectors ill never understand but thanks for having it , it saves alot of frustration .
 I have had the dock extender for a few months now and am very pleased with how well it works . Like other reviewers , I have had problems with the actual dock extender coming out of the original dock when I pull my ipod off -LRB- the dock extender stays in the ipod when this happens -RRB- , but it 's just a minor hassle and does n't happen all the time .
 This item works perfect . No problems at all . Well worth the money and I did n't have to buy another dock for my iPhone when I put a bigger case on it .
 Very nicely takes care of the problem of plugging a silicon covered iPod in to a speaker system or dock . It works very well and the accompaning `` back support '' is a nice touch .
 I purchased this to allow the use of two different ipods on a ihome docking station . It is a perfect solution for a ipod nano 2nd gen , with a hardshell case and a itouch 3rd with a silicon jacket . Both now an be docked without removing their cases .
 This was exactly what I needed . I have the ToughSkin rubberized case on my iPod Classic and with this extender I do n't need to take off the case to put it in the Apple iPod dock . The backing piece holds the iPod well too . I 've been using this over a year now and my only complaint is that sometimes the extender piece comes out a little when I take the iPod off it .
 This SendStation Dock Extender for iPod/iPhone is very practical and useful . It fits right into your docking station and the other send goes right into you iPod or iPhone . . It makes it possible to put your iPod or iPhone 3G on a docking station without having to remove the protective case . If it were not for this little extender , I would have to remove my case each time to put my iPhone on the docking station to charge and sync . This item is a must . It is a little expensive , but it 's the only thing of its type on the market and has helped me tremendously . It is worth the price !
 This is a very nice product . I have a belkin tunedock that did n't want to play nice with my iPhone or Ipod Classic in the case . When I saw this I thought it would be worth the try . It works and makes me happy .
 hated to spend this much money to do this job , but it does actually work . i did not want to remove the nice case from my iPhone every time i put in the charger -LRB- plus it was a pain to do -RRB- , so I broke down and got this . it is really easy to us and the back rest prevents any damage to your iPhone or the connections .
 Perfect for what I was needing it for ! Now I no longer have to take my iPod classic out of the case before I can hook it up to the fm transmitter ! It works with all the cases I have for my iPod . Perfect perfect perfect !!! : - -RRB-
 I was having problems with my Ipod Touch docking to the clock that I purchased with an ipod dock . With the hard case on , it would not fit on the clock , and I was afraid of breaking the either the port on the clock , or the ipod . The Dock Extender works great to allow me to plug the touch into the clock and give great support so that I can work the controls without bending anything .
 I use this with my 80 gig video ipod and it lets me keep the case on and still connect it smoothly and easily to my apple dock . I like it enough that I 'm buying another one .
 I bought this for only $ 30 from another vendor in overstock . Very nice for holding my machine and accessories . However , the velcro constantly catches on the ground and the outer flap zipper area -LRB- visible in the AMZ picture only as a small black band , not the zipper strip visible here -RRB- tore within weeks.The back is still otherwise fully intact and excellent
 I got this for my husband as a gift about 2 years ago , and it 's still going strong.The stackable part is kind of fun , but we are afraid that our records might be damaged being stacked like that , so we do n't use it.The record player also replays your record so there 's no silence.CD player works great , radio works . Looks very authentic , even though it 's definitely not an antique . Overall , pleasantly surprised .
 After reading some of the other reviews , I my expectations were somewhat low . However , after listining to it and looking at the features , I think that it is a great product.Pros : All in one entertainment centerBeautiful wood exteriorRetro stylingGreat sound qualityCons : Tape player has no rewind -LRB- have to flip the tape over and fast forward it -RRB- No bass or treble controls , but I do n't think it really needs them.Some other reviewers have said the sound is quite and they needed external speakers.I have not found this to be true and the sound has filled every room that I have tried it in . No , it would not fill your entire house with music , but for listening in a single room , or two adjoining rooms , it is great . Sound volume is slightly less when listening to records than when listening to cds or the radio .
 I got this as an anniversary present for my boyfriend , and I 'm so glad I did ! It 's really easy to use . He loved the vintage feel , though it has all of the qualities of a modern player . We 're both very happy and having a great time searching for LPs . Highly recommended !
 It arrived in very good condition . It arrived promptly . It works very well . I enjoy it a great deal . I would recomend this to a friend .
 I have been looking for this product for a long time . I have alot of 45 records and it is great to be able to stack them and listen to all the oldies . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this Crosley Mission Stack-O-Matic Entertainment Center from Amazon for my brother so that he could listen to all the records that we have . The records sound great on this machine , and it is portable and very eye-catching . It plays records , CDs , cassettes , and the radio . The front lights up when the radio is on and reminds me of the old radio my mother bought before she married . I only wish the light came on whenever the player was being used . My brother does n't find the cassette portion very functional .
 I was alittle hesitate about ordering , but I am so glad I did , the sound quality is great . Alot better than I expected . My daughter and I have been rockin to CCR and alot of oldies . I love the stackable feature and receiving the little discs brought back alot of memories . Every feature works just like it is suppose to . No problems with anything . Just read all the directions carefully and you will have no problems .
 This had good sound better than others i have purchased . Good style . A bit pricey for what you get though .
 has been as good as advertised , am enjoying my records for the first time in many years
 I love this cd player . I can play my favorite cd 's in random order.Plus the player looks nice .
 We are very pleased with the clarity and beauty of sound we are getting from our Onkyo DXC390 6 Disc CD Player . It arrived punctually in perfect condition ! The price was most reasonable for the quality of this machine ! We would highly recommend it !
 This replaces a 13 year old CD player of the same model . It sounds better and better each day . Thank you
 It plays as it should . My old Sony of many years finally , `` let-go . '' I was prepared to buy another Sony Carousel but was put off by several consumer reviews . Two of the reviews touted this Onkyo and I followed suit . So far , It 's performed quite well but I have yet to put it through all of it 's features . This unit is to be recommended .
 Very well designed CD changer that works . It 's design also makes it easier to use . The best I 've had .
 We have an Onkyo system we have had for 22 years and we recntly donated it to a friend who opened a restaurant and wanted to play Christian music , but after a couple months the original CD player quit , so I bought this one to give to them and they were so appreciative -- the sound is even better than the original . Easy to load CDs and plugged into existing system easily
 I purchased this Onkyo 6-disc player -LRB- DXC390 -RRB- in April of 2009 , and have had no problems or complaints in the 26 months since.The 6-disc changer 's playback quality is nothing short of amazing . Although I purchased a souped-up netbook to use as an . mp3 library for my home theater , and have my entire library burned at 320kbs , there is obviously no comparing the compressed quality of . mp3s to the crystal clear definition achieved with this CD player . This is regardless of using Onkyo 's `` Music Optimizer '' or Soundblaster 's `` Crystallizer '' enhancements for restoring . mp3 losses ; neither brings the music back . I do not work as a sound-engineer , in a Hollywood studio , nor a symphony hall ; but I can say without a doubt that my untrained ear is very pleased by the step-up from a high bitrate . mp3 -LRB- with or without optimization -RRB- to the real thing on CD . I rarely use the netbook , in spite of its conveniences.I have never had a problem with the front-loading tray ; never have had a disc `` jump '' out of its disc-well ; have used it for many nights of 8 + hours of constant random playback -LRB- often switching in new discs during playback ;-RRB- and have played over 300 different discs without problems of playback/player identification issues . I do not keep burned discs in my collection , so I can not vouch for all varieties of copied music being compatible.My disc changer is paired with an Onkyo TX-SR806 A/V Receiver via an optical connection , and I have had exactly zero problems with either . I keep both in a somewhat open environment -LRB- 1.5 '' to the L , 6 '' above , 12 '' behind , and 18 '' to the R of the stack -RRB- with an Antec component fan on top of the receiver to maximize air flow throughout . No troubles with overheating , and therefore , no loss of performance -LRB- permanent or otherwise . -RRB- The price is ridiculously fair . Would I purchase it again ? Yes , without a doubt . I intend to buy a couple more units such that I have replacements if Onkyo ever stops producing these fine machines ; I have 50 + years of life left , and I intend to jam to the bittersweet end . ** UPDATE **
 Onkyo is a true original Japanese electronics giant and they have never let their customers down as evidenced by this unit . The DXC390 is truely magic to use and delivers beautiful clear music through it 's companion receiver . HDMI at it 's best.Need customer support ? You get clear helpful advice . I was blown away !!!!!
 I have had Onkyo stereo equipment for over 20 years and have nothing but good things to say about it . I was dreading having to hook up this new piece when my OLD CD player bit the dust but it was so easy , I just unplugged the old one and plugged in the new . The sound was so fantastic I really could not believe it . I can not even imagine how great it would be with better speakers . If any other component goes bad I will definitely go with Onkyo again . By the way , the price was great also !
 I purchaesd this cd player about a year ago and i really enjoy it . The sound of my cd 's played on this unit sound fantastic . I hear so much detail and clarity coming form my cd 's and they all sound so smooth . It 's a pleasure to sit back and play my cd 's on this component . It also looks very nice with the soft blue light right above the tray . It has a nice high quality look to it . I must admit though , this is my second unit as the first one i ordered from an unknown co. did not last very long . After only a few months , it began to take control of itself rejecting all commands from the remote or direct input ; it just went crazy ! But this second unit has worked beautifully .
 Bought this CDplayer as a replacement for one that was over 10 years old that was played every day for hours very day . We like and have had very good luck with this product .
 Initial quality is excellent.Sharp and convenient exterior design and appearance.It is a good product and I enjoying it .
 I bought the entire Onkyo Sound System many , many years ago , and it was inevitable that the CD player would eventually wear out , given the wear and tear of my constant use . This is a replacement , and I was delighted to find that I could replace with a &#34; new and improved &#34; version of the same model . It is difficult to find a 6 disc player , and I am a very happy camper ! Thank you !
 We replaced our 10 + year Onkyo 6 disc CD player with this newer version , works great . Totally enjoying it . Thanks .
 We use our Onkyo almost daily . It loads with ease and we can get to a specific album quickly . A good choice .
 worth the money for sure would buy any Onkyo product any time very high quility for the money move over sony you got company
 Very easy instructions for set up , works great . Recommend it - yes ! Arrived very quickly . We have had this brand before - it lasted for years .
 It came really quick , was well packed & works wonderfully . It was a replacement for an older one & is missing the ability to rotate left or right , -LRB- only rotates the disc slots one way -RRB- but seems well worth the money . We use it daily .
 I have two of these cd players and can , thus , attest to the complete hit-or-miss quality as to build between units . One operates perfectly without a single flaw , even after eight months of regular operation . The other has a poltergeist inside of it that often prohibits the changer from playing one disc after another or letting random play play more than three or four songs before stopping and occasionally making an unfortunate clunk in the physical rotation of the cd platter -LRB- although , it has yet to fail a year and a half after heavy play -RRB- . Nevertheless , I would readily purchase another , without a single hesitation . Why ? The sound quality can not be beat in any price-comparable units . The rest of my audio gear is high-end , specialized equipment . Cds I do not bother with audiophile gear because they function as background music , not for close-listening enjoyment . But , I know what good sound is and I still want it to sound good . The Onkyo changer has a sound quality that rivals entry level audiophile players that begin at the $ 500 mark . So , if you want superior sound cheaply , take the risk with this player .
 This is a GREAT sounding CD changer that 's very easy to operate ! Onkyo seems to have covered the installation bases by offering optical , coaxial and analog output choices . The changer mechanism is quiet and relatively quick . The remote is very straight forward . Also , light above the tray is a useful feature when changing discs . An all around top quality unit . Do your CD and MP3 collection a favor-your ears will appreciate it !
 Stand-alone CD players -LRB- not combimed with DVD players -RRB- are rare nowadays , and this is one of the better ones , especially since it plays CD-Rs . A defect , unfortunately quite typical of electronic appliances these days , is the completely unnecessary standby function that can not be turned off .
 This product performs as advertised . I did have some issues with MP3 discs hanging the system . The unit is extremely large , I had to cut a hole in the back of my component box to fit the unit .
 I 've had mine for three years and it plays just fine . No , it 's by no means a high end player but gives good sound for the under $ 150.00 price range . If you want better sound for a small amount of cash then do this if your electronics savvy
 Most of my audio-video equipment is made by Sony , but I purchased this particular CD player made by Onkyo for one specific reason
 this is a truly surperb product , it now only holds 6 cd 's but plays flawlessly , i make my cd 's with a plextor cd burner -LRB- plextor is the best for coping anything , the burn is deep and never have i had one not play in any cd player -RRB- , the controls are easy to use and setup is a breeze , i have it connected to an onkyo 8522 receiver with bose speakers , the sound is tremendous . i would recommend this highly to anyone interested in a quality player that works perfectly
 This is a nice CD changer , which unfortunately may become extinct thanks to the advent of MP3 players and the like . I like the green light accent in the front ; pretty cool . This unit is fairly light , compared to other makes -- not sure if that 's a good thing . You need to buy a good pair of audio wires to get clear fidelity out of the unit , even if you have a high-end receiver . -LRB- The ones that come with the unit wo n't give you the full range of sound . -RRB- Great price . Great customer service from the third-party seller .
 set up was a breeze . connected to an onkyo receiver , and kilipsch speakers , sounds fantastic
 My Onkyo DXC390 6 Disc CD player was easy to set up - is easy to use - nice to listen to . Even priced right ! Looks nice - matches my tuner and they fit well together . Exactly what I was looking for and have had no problems with it -LRB- that 's unusual for me ! -RRB- .
 Product is great for a lower end audio componet . Great Product if you do n't have a lot of money to spend .
 I purchased a new unit over 4 years ago and since that time it has performed flawlessly . The unit is solidly built - the only problem may be its size . It is quite deep . The carousel tray operates very smoothly and you can open it up and change CD 's while one CD is playing . The remote has always functioned perfectly as well.I have used both the analog and digital outputs -LRB- both optical and digital coax -RRB- and have had no problems.Perhaps the latest production units have skimped on quality or something but the one I have had for over 4 years has never given me any problems whatsoever .
 No problems with the CD player or delivery -LRB- delivered very quickly -RRB- . Sound quality is great .
 This onkyo cd carousel player replaced an older one in my system . Matches other onkyo pieces , and sounds great . Cost of this item was less than repairing old piece .
 I only have one complaint about this unit
 I have 2 of these players and love them both . They have always played all commercial and cd-r audio discs for me but what 's even better is the mp3 disc ability which seems to be difficult to find . I have approximately 30 hours of music with approx 5 hr of music on each mp3 disc which will play at random ... it 's awesome . I do think it is noisy when changing discs but mine are located inside a cabinet so do n't notice that . Excellent value for the price !
 Well pleased with this purchase , product is a recocnised brand so no suprises , arrived in excellent condition and time . Had to buy a Australian 240v to American 110v converter but even after that the product was more than competitivly priced
 My husband gave me this for Christmas . At first I was sort of upset because of the cost , but now that it 's hooked up and we are using it , I love it ! The &#34; turntable &#34; is quiet , the remote is easy to figure out , and all the &#34; extras &#34; are great !
 It was exactly as advertised , i 've bought onkyo products before and have never been dissatisfied , they 're products are always top notch .
 My onkyo cd player finally went out.I baught when my son was born . He is now 25 yrs old ... Amazon hooked me up w / a great deal saving me over 60.00 on the identical new product that onkyo.com had on line ... Thank You again AMAZON !!
 We 're quite particular about our music listening , and already had and Onkyo receiver with Bose speakers . When our previous CD player died we decided , because of our positive experience with our Onkyo receiver , to go with the Onkyo 6-Disc CD Player . What a pleasant surprise to hear subtle background harmonies that we had never heard prior to adding this player to our existing system ! Suddenly it is as though we have a whole new music library to enjoy .
 Love the CD player was a great gift ... the only thing was it shipped as is , and my husband saw it before I got home and knew what he was getting : -LRB-
 Had a similar one that &#34; died &#34; after about 20 yrs and was very happy to find another Onkyo to replace it . What w/technology most people I know just use their iPods , etc to listen to music and laugh that I still listen to CD 's . Grandkids hardly know what a CD is . Hope this one will be as long lasting .
 More than what I expected excellent choice excellent quality and service will recomend to any one to buy this CD Player system .
 Very good product . I had no problems understanding the manual or connecting it to my surround sound system . Great price too
 I was looking for a stand alone CD player for my home entertainment center with a reputation of quality , quality sound , reliability and affordable . Looks like I found one according to reviews and listening to this great little product . Seems robust and sounds great ! I like having a 6 CD selection when entertaining guests , cleaning house to what ever and do n't to have to keep listening to same CD over and over again . This needs to be looked into further if your in the market for a stand alone CD player . Glad I did !
 THIS HAS BEEN GREAT . IT PLAYS WELL AND IS EASY TO OPERATE . I COULD NOT FIND ONE IN TOWN , SO THIS REALLY HELPED .
 In a word , sound quality -LRB- OK , two words -RRB- . If you have anything other than the most basic , low-end audio system , you will hear the difference in sound quality when listening to a CD on the Onkyo versus a DVD player . Highs are crisp , bass is solid without being muddy.The unit itself is solid , and offers the ability to hold 6 CDs -LRB- and shuffle play -RRB- . The changer works well -- no glitches so far after a few weeks of heavy use . Nice styling with an easy to see display . The buttons on the unit are a bit hard to see , but you 'll quickly figure out what controls what.The remote is not great , but decent . Good range so you can control disks from across the room . The buttons are rather small and do n't provide much tactile feedback . I 'm using this with an Onkyo receiver , so it can take advantage of the Onkyo interface -LRB- i.e. , power up the CD player and the receiver automatically powers up as well and changes the input to CD -RRB- . Only two cables to connect -- an optical out and the Onkyo interface cable.The size is somewhat imposing -LRB- both height and depth -RRB- . As other reviewers have mentioned , check the size specs before you buy to make sure it fits into the cabinet/rack you want to use.Very happy with the performance , and find this to be an excellent value . Well worth the price !!
 Never heard of Onkyo before , but I am sold on this machine . It performs very well ; the quality is there , the remote has only what the machine does , and what it does it does comsistently perfect , and quietly . My CDs never sounded better . Thank you , Onkyo !
 Glad to have purchased this unit . I have an Onkyo 605 receiver and they work great together . Sound is terrific and we enjoy the 6 disk tray and the fact you can shuffle between the disks/songs for parties , etc. . Would recommend this to anyone .
 My husband spent more than 2 years transferring all our LPs to CDs . We were extremely distressed to learn that the CD player we had would not recognize the format of the CDs . We have been very happy with the quality and performance of the Onkyo we purchased . Shipment was amazingly fast -LRB- Thanks , Amazon -RRB- . We had it in plenty of time for Christmas .
 This unit met every expectation of our desire to enjoy the playerin our entertainment center . Shipping was quick and easy to install.I give this unit a thumbs up .
 I bought an Onkyo C-390 refurb model a few months back and have had excellent results . I burn my own music CDs on blank CDR or CDRW media using the CD burner on my Home PC . The C-390 tracks everything I 've thrown at it very accurately without a hitch . It even plays MP3 files burned onto CD . Plus the remote control unit is full featured and works flawlessly.There are two digital connections , a digital fiber optic TOSlink and a digital coax connection on the back of the unit . I use the fiber optic TOSlink connection to my reciever . A digital connection will give you the purest output . There is also the typical analog RCA jack connection.The only flaw I have to report is the carrousel makes a bit of a whirling noise when changing CDs . This is NOT reproduced through to the speakers but is simply low-level ambient room noise . Other than that one minor quibble I can give this CD Changer my highest recommendation .
 This 6-disc CD changer from the audio experts at Onkyo is most definitely an unbeatable value . It 's sound quality clearly rivals that of other high-end players costing up to three times as much ! The construction is very , very sturdy and the remote control is very easy to use . The sound quality is all-around-excellent with smooth and deep bass , an almost-crystal-clear midrange and a well-defined treble -LRB- highs -RRB- . If you 're looking for a good CD changer priced at under $ 300.00 this is the one to get .
 I give this unit 5 stars because I feel that it is an exceptional value - you get very high quality for a realistic price.I was after an audio system for my den that would n't break the bank.I figured on using my dvd player to play my cd 's as well , but then remembered the purpose here was to play MUSIC.I decided for a modest investment , in this case around 150 bucks , I would be getting enhanced audio fidelity compared to the dvd player .6 disc was n't too important to me , but it 's a fun feature none-the-less . Mine has n't produced any noticeable mechanical noises that I feel would detract from the value of this equipment.I have been very pleased with the sound quality , not really an `` audiophile '' but I can hear a distinct difference playing my cd 's versus the dvd player -LRB- I was a bit sceptical that their would be any discernable difference -RRB- . As other reviewers have noted , dedicated cd players are oddly becoming increasingly more difficult to locate.If I had any negative thing to say with this player would be that it 's rather LARGE , to accomodate the changer carousel - I would have prefered having a single tray player , but ironically could n't find one with comparable quality that was n't more expensive !
 If you care about using MP3 CD 's , I think this is the unit to get . Many units will play MP3 CD 's , but this is the only one I found that displays artist/title info for MP3 tracks , and lets you select and play tracks as organized by folders on the disks . I exchanged a Denon DCM-27 for one of these and I am much happier with the Onkyo.Cons : No CD-Text display.Some functions are exclusive to either remote or front panel . -LRB- Why does the remote have a tray-open button , but no display control/dimmer buttons ? -RRB- No headphone jack . No A - > B repeat.A bit larger than some -LRB- due to its 6-disc capacity -RRB- . It 's as slow -LRB- 15-20 seconds between tracks -RRB- and clunky in multi-disk random mode as the other carousels on the market -LRB- but does n't squeal when seeking the next track like the Denon -RRB- .
 I 'm happy with the sound and quality of this unit , but it has one `` feature '' that I feel is a bug . If I load discs in bays 1 - 6 and then start playing on disc 3 , after reaching disc 6 the unit stops -- it wo n't play discs 1 and 2 . Onkyo says this is normal -- the unit only plays forward and wo n't `` wrap '' back to disc 1 . The workaround is to put the unit in Repeat mode , but that makes it play all discs endlessly . I 've owned CD changers from several other manufacturers and none behaved this way.If you own one of these machines , please call Onkyo and complain -- they said if enough people complain they will issue a firmware update.One other issue
 A lot better than expected in quality , function , and enjoyable features . Big sound , convenience , and ease of operation are hallmarks of this suprising value .
 Never did my CD 's sound as good as in this player . I was used to hearing music played on my DVD player that I forgot how good CD 's can sound .
 Although love my mp3 players and music , roots go back to vinyl and then of course cd . -LRB- i.e. , listening to music through quality headphones or in front of my large JBL 's -RRB- My trusty old pioneer muti-disc finally died . Researched a replacement , and selected the Onkyo due to the positive reviews , and the 6 -LRB- over typical 5 -RRB- disc capability . Have always respected the Onkyo name -LRB- although never owned a product -RRB- , and appears unlike many other 70 's or so brands , remains a ` Hi-Fi ' company.Performance of player has been flawless , and build quality high -LRB- blue light over disc tray cool too ! -LRB- and can be turned off if desired -RRB- . As many others have said , it is BIG ! . However not an issue in my case , and slid into my little component tower -LRB- barely ! -RRB- . Highly recommend if looking for a quality multi-disc player !
 I bought this from crutchfield a few years back and hav n't had one problem with it . I 've read the reviews so I 'm aware my luck could change , but it 's still goin strong .
 After a few weeks now , I believe that this CD player is quite good . The sound quality is much better than my previous Sony DVD player that `` expired . '' I had a single play Denon machine for over 20 years that was fine for its day , but the Onkyo is at least as good , and I am enjoying the 6 changer feature that I had previously thought to be unnecessary . I continue to hold my breath with regards to longevity , as I do with most products nowadays , though . -LRB- I continue to use my 40 year old Maytag drier , but have already repaired a 5 year old Kitchen Aid range three times ! -RRB- Only time will tell .
 Purchased this five CD Changer at Christmas as my previous CD Player -LRB- Sony -RRB- would no longer work as it was suppose to . This is an excellent product for the money and has many features the Sony CD Changer did not . Very satisfied with the Onkyo CD Changer .
 This is a great buy . Very easy to use and set up . I would never go back to a single changer again.Great to put in your discs and enjoy hours of music without the hassle of changing discs .
 This is a quality CD player that we use at our baseball diamond to ploya ` in-between inning ' , ` pre-game , and ` post game ' music on CDs.I would recommend this product to anyone ! I am completely satisfied with this CD player to anyone.Steve Cherry
 I finally got this real performance sound machine . I wanted a cd changer not too expensive , but a very acceptable cd changer , so I found a marantz cd changer whose cost was higher and this one.At the end I decided for this Onkyo and I do n't regret , It reproduces sound with a high fidelity , the balance between bass and treble is optimum . You can hear very clearly even the touch of the fingers on a guitar playing .
 After having enough of my JVC 200 disc changer 's random skipping I decided that it was time to finally spend the cash and get something new and less aggravating . After a couple of weeks I am happy to report that this cd player has flawlessly played every single cd cd-r etc that I have played in it from start to finish without one single skip . Also the clarity is downright stunning as I am hearing things that I had n't even heard before on the JVC . The remote is simple and quick to learn , and also I was stunned that the manual was in English only ! I saw this listed on competitor sites for more money and once again found the best deal here on Amazon with free shipping to boot . Very pleased with this purchase and may look to more Onkyo products in the future .
 This CD player was bought to replace a 5 disc Sony player I had been using . The Sony became less and less reliable in playing all selections when the player was in the random mode . This Onkyo player works great and is completely reliable in the random play mode . I would recommend it for anyone . Although nothing is said in the advertising about this unit coming with a remote , it does , and the remote has features not found on the old Sony remote . It 's a great piece of equipment at at very fair price .
 Recently bought this unit as an upgrade . I really prefer a multi-disc changer with a random function , versus a single disc player , as a way to mix up some favorite discs . The audio is simply excellent . I am hearing all the detail I would expect in a high-end single disc player . I note very little noise from the unit as the discs change , and silence through the speakers as this occurs . As others have mentioned , check the dimensions on this one relative to your cabinet , because it 's a legit 17 '' x 17 '' .
 I gave this one 4 stars only because there are better cd players out there like everything else it also comes with a price tag!and i would rather put my money into great speakers.The advise i have gotten from some pros . `` is to put my money into great speakers , after all that is what your going to hear and spend alittle less on the rest '' ... 30/70 or 40/60 the speakers being the higher of the two.My budget was $ 800.00 and spent $ 500.00 for my speakers , the pros where right great sound system.This is a very good player for the money -LRB- bought mine from jr music , been very happy dealing with them for along time free shipping and also gave me a price break on some head phones i had already bought and then went on sale -RRB- . This player works great with avg . cds , i think some people try and play mp3s and so on is why they have trouble -LRB- for me anyway i would rather have a better recording than try to save money by recording it myself -RRB- . I have had mine for 2 months now and have had no worries and have just bought a 2nd for my father which he has had his for 2 weeks now and its still up and running which is saying something right there -LRB- he can be hard on somethings when he is first learning how to use them -RRB- . I have mine hooked to the ONKYO 8211 with 4 energy C-3s speakers i couldnt be happier at the price i paid for all of it .
 This CD player works well and sounds great . All of the functions are what you would expect and the shuffle actually plays randomly . I highly recommend this unit ; it can not be beat for the price .
 I read through the reviews and decided to roll the dice with this CD player . I wanted a multi-disk player and was surprised at the lack of choices . I have no complaints so far . I am used to keeping equipment for a long time without any problems but from the reviews I do n't know if it will last very long . I 'm pairing with an ONKYO receiver and I like the fact that I can use one remote . Was a selling point for me . Has a dimmer feature so you can turn off the light in the middle of the player . The CDs sound fine overall . It has a 24 bit D/A converter which makes a huge difference with sound quality .
 Very good quality product at a very affordable price for us ! Easy ordering , very quick delivery and it sounds/plays great ! Thanks !
 Well satisfied after one month . I wish that markings on front of unit were a little more readable , same for the remote , even if it means making it a little larger . bt
 This CD player replaces a fairly new but unrepairable other-brand . I use it with my really old system , all original components Onkyo . So far , the new item is great . Has more features than I need . Also replaced my worn out speakers . I have a good opinion of Onkyo products from experience .
 CD player arrived in excellent shape and as promised ; extra care taken in packaging . Very nice product .
 Onkyo DXC390 6 Disc CD PlayerI TRUST & LOVE ONKYO FOR MANY YEARS !! THIS 6 DISC CD PLAYER IS AWESOME !! I purchased it to replace my old Onkyo CD player which lasted over 15 years . I SIMPLY LOVE ALL THE FEATURES ON THIS NEW PRODUCT
 A fine CD changer , 6 disc capacity is larger than the typical 5 . The sound quality is great . No complaints whatsoever , terrific hardware for the price .
 I do not have a very high priced system , because of my reduced budget so I try to get the most out of my money . I did had a Harman Kardon system paired with a LX500 JBL speakers , but after some time the Haman just died and repair was almost as expensive as buy a new one . So I got an Onkyo TX-SR340 , a low budget AV receiver , and I was looking for some CD player to pair with . After some research I found this Onkyo cd player and let me tell you that was a very very nice surprise . The TX-SR340 with this CD player make a very nice couple , using a 30Dlls coaxial cable and my JBL speakers this one sound very very nice with just 500-600Dlls invest -LRB- receiver plus cd player -RRB- . The bad thing about this one is that you will notice the difference about the quality of your recording right away . I do have some iTunes Mozart operas and really sound bad , compared with the real CD iTunes just sound like radio broadcasting , but Deutsche Grammophon MP3 sound very nice ... at least Bach chello sonatas Just one word about MP3 , I do have problem with the Onkyo to read Deutsche Grammophon MP3 , maybe its a problem related with encoding ... not sure , Coltrain re-issues from BlueNote sound great and Haydn first symphony is just a pleasure . So if your CD player budget is below 300Dll go for this one , otherwise go for the Onkyo above 500Dlls ... but be sure about paired with a very nice receiver . So 5 stars because of the great sound with just 200Dlls , does n't matter about MP3 problems , but if that is an issue with you I do recommend to play your MP3 in the store before to buy .
 So glad to find a receiver and amp that can drive my 50w Design Acoustics speakers again ! For true stereo nothing beats it . Thought they were gone forever !
 I will have a review of the product forthwith , as soon as I get one that works . . I have an Onkyo reciever and I am pleased as punch , but instead of getting the changer new , I opted for the Amazon `` Warehouse Deals '' , so just sayin people , the `` like new '' product I was supposed to enjoy today just did not work . . would n't recognize any discs , shuffled thru them and promptly said NO DISC in the display . Just ordered a new one , so I will be reviewing that product in a couple days . Just wanted to let people know about the warehouse crap-ola .
 I am impressed with the features and sound quality of this unit . The pricing was very atractive as well . I really like that you can open the disk drawer and change out CD 's without interupting the CD you are currently playing . Looks really nice in my audio equipment rack .
 I wonder how many music lovers like me are there . I replaced an old CD player with a DVD player . The DVD player never consistently played purchased or burned CDs without mistracking . This changer has n't skipped once on any of my discs , and I swear the sound is better than my DVD player . Plus , the changer lets me line up discs so I do n't have to change for at least a couple of days at a time . My one complaint
 This product is a great value for the price . I own other onkyo stereo equipment . This cd player meets my needs . Delivery was also very quick . Thumbs up !
 Got this today , hooked up optical connection to my Sony 7.1 100 watt per channel receiver ; 20 % louder and clearer than playing mp3 on DVD player . Extremely happy about this purchase . Amazon by far lowest price on the internet . Great !
 I use this product quite often . Works great and looks great with my other Onkyo products . Easy to use and replaced my Sony model that I had since ' 91 . My only hope is that this item lasts just as long as my Sony did !
 This CD player was just what I was looking for . It is attractive , easy to use , and holds multiple CD 's . While it is large in size compared with a lot of electronics , it fits into the space our previous 5 disc player occupied . All the features work , and there have not been any problems with the rotation and playing of the CD 's . This is a very nice multiple CD player at a reasonable price .
 Bought this product based on other reviews and to replace an older Onkyo CD player that was 20 years old . As stated in other reviews , the only negative that I have experienced is the time delay between songs on the random play mode . Other than that it is a perfect replacement for my old player . I would highly recommend this unit .
 pleased with product and purchase was replacing cd player with new version of same thing
 I bought this so long ago I can not remember how old it is . It is in the kitchen and is used several hours a day , every day . I am going to buy another one for another listening station .
 I purchsed the Onkyo DXC390 CD player as a replacement for an older player that did not play any CD 's except original recordings . The Onkyo reads and plays everthing , CD-R , CD-RW , mp3 files , etc. and it sounds fantastic . I read reviews on other players , and they all make fantastic claims , but the Onkyo really seems to live up to the hype . I would definitly recommend this player to a friend or anyone who likes music and is looking for a hassle-free , great sounding CD Player .
 Ordered subject player and received it as promised . It was a new unit in the factory box . Connected it to my speaker system and it works great . It performed super and I am well pleased with it .
 The product was delivered as advertised - with manual and -LRB- unused -RRB- remote . The changer works flawlessly and the unit offers surprisingly good sound for the price - even better than the more expensive 1-disk unit it replaced . Works equally well with commercial and computer-made CDs . Two very small caveats
 I was looking for a CD changer that was moderately priced but high quality . I 've only had this for a month but so far but I think I found what I was looking for . I would definitely recommend this product .
 this player has done a great job and sound is excellent for a great price
 I did a lot of research and chose this player based on reviews from a lot of sources . The decider was that it had a coax digital out , and my receiver has a coax CD input available . -LRB- It also has optical digital and analog outputs . -RRB- The only thing to consider is size . Width and height are no issues , but this thing is deep . It would n't fit in my cabinet , so it sits on top . The ony drawback is that you have to start random play from the unit , not the remote . NBD , I would do it again .
 Love this unit , it was well worth the price . Hard to find anything wrong with the player . Dollar for Dollar it is a bargin ...
 I 've given this poor machine intensive , 16/24 hs usage since I bought it , and I only had to take it to the repair shop once . The laser broke down , repair was n't cheap , but I suppose it happens with all brands . Thus , I do n't take any `` stars '' for that.Support for not very well known brands -LRB- in the developing world -RRB- like Onkyo is absent , but thankfully Sony services can fix them properly . `` Made in Japan '' :-RRB- ! I like the fact of being able to change most CDs while listening , the sound quality is grea , maybe the opening slot for the CD tray could have a tighter door for not letting any dust in , but , as usual , Onkyo just delivers.The RCA connections made some noise some time ago , it just ruined everything ... After hours of tampering and changing of amplifier , cables , speakers , I made sure it was it , opened it -LRB- there 's not much to be seen -RRB- , then handmade some `` guide '' for the cable not bending and voila , the noise went away.I 'm sure it would have taken less time for a tech-savy user , but it did break some `` romantic moments '' ... That 's why I took 1 star .
 I could n't be happier with this purchase . I purchased an optical cable and connected it my Onkyo receiver . I 've even played MP3 's recorded to CD-R on this unit . Was surprised to see the MP3 title info displayed on the screen . No complaints whatsoever . Using the Onkyo control system , whenever I turn on the CD player it automatically turns on my receiver and switches to the CD input . Also , if I turn off the receiver the CD player is turned off . Great system !
 This is a very capable CD player for not much money . It 's played every disc I 've put in it except one , and none of my other CD players will play it , either . This player illuminates the CDs when the drawer is open to make it easier to read the labels and the disc position . Why does n't every CD player do that ? This is one of three Onkyo products I bought at the same time and every one is a winner !
 Like a few other buyers I 've seen , I had problems with a Sony CD changer that I bought . Surprsing to me , because I generally really like Sony products . So I bit the bullet , gave the Sony to a thrift shop , went online and checked other reviews , and decided on this Onkyo CD changer . I could not be more satisfied . Simple enough , inexpensive enough , but works like a charm . I would highly recommend it .
 After eleven years my old Sony five disk changer finally fatally failed . I quickly searched the internet for a replacement . Amazon.com was the first place to search . After a short wait of about one week I had the DX-C390 hooked up to my Legacy high-current amp and played Kenny G through $ 6K Legacy speakers . The result was a sonorous banquet of rich , crisp and accurate sound.This is like getting a new stereo system for less than $ 200.00 . I have chosen wisely .
 Just got this hooked up ! Very crisp sound through the Surround Sound , Very easy to manuvere and navigate . Havent found anything to dislike . Everything seems to be working great ! Would recommend to anyone .
 Very happy with item Even like the ideal that it holds six CD , rather than five . Only a few dollars more than less expensive model .
 I have one and it works great have had no problems would recommend it to anyone looking for a easy to use cd changer
 This 6 CD player became the perfect replacement for my 12 years old CD player . It interconnects smoothly with my TX-8050 , plays all type of CD &#8217; s , the random function for all 6 CD &#8217; s is great .
 I 've had this 6-disc player for about 2 months without incident . It replaced a Marantz 5-disc changer that completely failed one week beyond warranty . I run the coaxial digital out to a separate Emotiva DAC . I 've had 4 or 5 different brands of changers over the last 20-25 years
 This review aplies to DEH-690UB and DEH-P6900UB since they are the same . the only diference , is a 2 year warranty and that the premier one , includes the ipod cable and extension , that , as far as i know is optional in the pioneer version.I bought this unit , because i had an deh-p4800mp with an ipod adapter , and i wanted something easier to manage my 30 gb ipod photo . i new that i had to stay with the ipod adapter , since this unit can only manage an ipod nano or video -LRB- 5th gen -RRB- using the integrated usb . I wanted to use some usb memory also . I installed the unit , and put my ipod to work . It 's a lot faster than the previous one , and you can use it the same way you use your ipod -LRB- like the click wheel -RRB- . is not as fast as i wanted , but is fast enough . The sound is excellent and you have a lot of options to tweak the sound the way you want . Then i had an idea , why not try my 40 Gb 2.5 usb hard drive with it ? so , i formated it -LRB- Fat32 -RRB- and put some music in it , and VOILA !! IT WORKS ! it takes more than 30 seconds to read the entire disk , but then , it 's really fast to search , and i mean fast . I will end selling the ipod adapter , and i think even the ipod . So , here are the pros an cons : PROS : - Can manage ipods , and the controls are similar to the click wheel . - Can read USB devices - Can even read USB hard drives - Can read MP3 , WMA , and even AAC - Excellent sound and a lot of options for adjusting . - Built in customizable 2 way crossover -LRB- Sub woofer and high pass -RRB- - Can handle a small sub woofer without external amplifier - Can read the entire ID3 Tags on ipods and usb . - Scrolling with 3 lines of text . - Has a Dimer -LRB- and for the ones that says that the 6800 does n't dim the controls , this one does -RRB- it also have a brightness control . - You can put a bluetooth Module , for mobile phones as a hands free - Excelent Display , Easy to read in every condition . - Prize / FuncionalityCons : - Can only read Ipod Nanos an video . if you have an older one , you need the ipod adapter . - It says it controls about 250 Gb Maximum , 15000 Songs Maximum , but in the real world , i have about 16 Gb , and it takes a long time to load the library , so i do n't want to see it with 250Gb - Does n't remember the last position in the list . every time you press the list button , it will start in the beginning . - This radio , IS NOT for people that are looking for an easy to use unit . I mean , it 's easy , but everything is in a menu . I would n't put it in my mother 's car . This is for Geeks - The Multi-Control it 's a little hard -LRB- not much , but there are softer ones -RRB- but i think it will get a little softer on the future . - Lack of Memory buttons on front pannel - Aux input is located on the rear part of the unit .
 Pioneer Premier DEH-P690UB ReviewPLEASE NOTE the 690 & 6900 are practically identical unitsSUMMARY : This deck has all the inputs you could want -LRB- USB , AUX , IP-BUS , RCA -RRB- and sounds great paired with my Polk db6500s . The bass is amazing and a sub is not necessary . It 's not the easiest deck to figure out how to use and will most likely require some reading of the manual.REVIEW / HISTORY : I have spent many hours researching stereos online and trying them out in stores and finally decided on the Pioneer Premier DEH-P690UB . I 've had my 2006 Subaru Outback Wagon almost 2 years now and I think this is the longest I 've gone before adding an aftermarket stereo & speakers.My first idea was to get an iPod or Zen , but I have concerns with the disposability of mp3 players due to how the battery is either irreplaceable or financially unfeasible to replace . From my research these batteries can possibly die within a couple years and no longer hold a charge . I felt this could potentially be more of a hassle then it 's worth , although I enjoy playing with other people 's players!Then I got on a DVD kick . I was looking for an inexpensive -LRB- < $ 500 -RRB- in-dash DVD player with or without a screen just to be used to play DVDs filled with mp3s . I still think this is a good idea , but I could not find one that had USB input and met my other requirements . Maybe this will become more commonplace in the future.So then I was back to searching for a cd-deck . My USB requirement narrowed down the field quickly . Since USB handles data and AUX is purely audio , I honestly believe USB trumps AUX and is the key to having a system that will remain current for a long time . Originally I thought I wanted the USB input on the front of the deck for easy access , plus a direct connection to my jumpdrive rather than having a wire in-between . After thinking about this more I realized that since I will be most likely leaving the source -LRB- jumpdrive or hard-drive -RRB- in the car , then I do n't want the wires & device out in the open . So now the requirement was USB in back of the deck . I found the Pioneer 6900 in Crutchfield -LRB- a great research tool and they are probably the best online A/V place to order from -RRB- and read all the reviews . This sounded like the perfect deck for me.I went ahead and ordered from Crutchfield a set of Polk db6500 component speakers . I also had to order a Metra face kit , since the audio controls are integrated on the newer Outbacks . I wanted to buy the deck from a physical store just for piece-of-mind in case I had problems with it.I now have a USB input , an iPod cable which plugs into the USB cable , a 1/8 '' mini-jack cable which plugs into the RCA ends of the IP-BUS cable , and also another AUX input which is currently not used . I found having RCAs interesting and will be curious to see what I end up having running into the deck . I am currently using a 4gb jumpdrive , which only takes a few seconds to read . The unit does remember where it left off if you unplug the jumpdrive . When using Random , the deck will not remember what was already played when the car is shut off . A workaround I 've found is that I just grab a couple hundred random songs from iTunes and then listen to them straight thru instead of using Random . The mp3s sound great ; I rip at 192kps . I need to do more testing with hard drives and will update this review when I have more information.The Multi-Control knob , as they call it , took my a little playing around with to figure out the best way to use it . I was pushing it side-to-side and up and down from the side of the knob , but the best thing to do is to press the knob from the front in the direction you want.There are n't many buttons on the front of the deck , which keeps the look clean , but at the cost of functionality . For example , you ca n't easily pause unless you use the remote ; functions like random are buried in the menus . All-in-all these are minor inconveniences . Having the inputs in the back will come down to personal preference.I tried out several decks during my research period and there is no perfect deck , but this is pretty close to it.I have used this stereo with several iPods , a Sandisk Sansa , and a Zune . The deck controlled the iPods & Sansa no problem . It could n't read the Zune however , not sure if the Zune can be formatted to be compatible or not.WISH LIST : * I like having track time displayed , but this is n't shown on every display setting . I leave it on Artist/Song and I wish track time was displayed here * Pause button on deck -LRB- you need to navigate thru menus to get to it ; there is a button on the remote however -RRB- * Redesign of the Multi-Control knob ; it works pretty good , but could be better . Sometimes you press at a slight angle , so they could design it to accommodate for this . Sometimes I 'll hit it just right and it goes back to the 1st track , but I ca n't figure out how to do it on purpose ! Then it 's a pain trying to find where you left off . * List mode remain where you left off rather than going back to beginning * % search or bulk -LRB- 50/100 -RRB- scan ; too hard to find a single track out of 1000 + Things you 'll want to consider tweaking once stereo is installed : * Turn off demo mode * Turn off Reverse mode -LRB- this makes the screen `` flash '' or `` blink '' and is very distracting at night * Turn off warning tone * Turn off auto face open * Adjust the loudness * Adjust the bass * Adjust the custom EQ -LRB- for reference mine is set at
 I just upgraded from a Pioneer DEH-P670MP , essentially this unit two generations ago . The face plate has been redesigned around the `` multi-control , '' which will take a bit of getting used to , but not a problem so far . The rear AUX input may come in handy , and the 7-band equalizer is a definite improvement on the 3-band of the 670MP . I sort of prefer the manual drop-down face plate of the 670MP , but the motorized face of this unit is an enhancement.Of course my main interest in this newer model was its ability to play compressed music files from USB devices instead of burned CDs , and I 've been very pleased with that aspect of this deck so far . I do n't own an iPod , but my Creative Zen Nano Plus -LRB- 1 GB -RRB- fires right up through the USB cable and is quite responsive in the list-scrolling action -- you press the `` list '' button on the face plate and get a menu of folders -LRB- i.e. artist/album -RRB- on the screen , which you can then scroll through using the multi-control knob.The bigger challenge , predictably , is to get a USB-powered hard drive to work . Most important , aside from making sure the drive is FAT formatted , is getting enough power to the drive at initial spin-up . Keeping the USB cable length as short as possible can help with that ; I used an 24 '' USB extension instead of the much longer one supplied , and it 's plenty long to reach into the glove box -- actually the perfect length.I tried a 120 GB WD Passport , which spins at 5400 rpm -- without success . Using a Y-connector and a USB adapter in the lighter to draw extra power I got the `` format read '' process to begin , but still did not load the files . Finally , I brought my laptop out to the car and connected the Y-cable to that , figuring it might get more juice to the hard drive -- success ! Now the 690UB recognizes and loads the WD Passport even without the extra Y-cable connection to the laptop or USB adapter ; apparently the two devices just needed a little nudge to get acquainted . The down side is that it takes about 80 seconds to load the 65 GB of files on the drive , with or without the supplemental connection.Anticipating this problem , I had bought -LRB- for less than $ 35 online -RRB- a 40 GB drive -LRB- Hitachi -RRB- that spins at 4200 rpm , and it works just fine without any nudging . It takes about 35 seconds to load its 20 GB of files into memory , and I can detect just a slightly slower response time while scrolling through the list compared to flash drives , but it 's still easy to navigate.For in-town driving it 's probably best to have a USB jump drive of 2-4 GB instead of the 40 GB -LRB- or larger ? -RRB- drive because of the load time issue , though the 40 GB drive will load in the background while another source is selected , so you can listen to the tuner briefly and then switch to the hard drive.One other concern I had is that the pause button on the 670MP face plate is not retained on the 690UB . But you can pause with one touch of the PGM button on the remote . I also noticed , for what it 's worth , that the 670MP remote is compatible with the 690UB , and it has a nice big pause button on it -LRB- you can get these remotes cheaply on eBay , and they 'll do all the routine stuff -RRB- . Also , happily , Pioneer has improved the random-play feature on this unit , at least for USB sources . With CDs -LRB- as on the 670MP -RRB- when you press `` next '' while in random mode it just goes to the next song on the playlist or folder ; for USB sources on the 690UB you go randomly to another song in a different folder , another good reason to move away from mp3 CDs.Pioneer claims you can use a drive up to 250 GB on the 690UB , but the lengthy load-up for that many files might be a limiting factor . So I think the best solution may be to stick with the 40 GB capacity and , if your music collection exceeds that total and you must have it all with you in the car , buy another drive -LRB- or two or three -- they 're tiny ! -RRB- . It 's also a good idea to organize your file structure with a preliminary level -- by each letter of the alphabet , e.g. -- so you do n't have to navigate though all 700 -LRB- or however many -RRB- folders on the drive . -LRB- IPod users have a different navigational interface based on artist , genre , etc. -RRB- I probably wo n't be using mp3 CDs much any more in the car . With a jump drive and a 40 gig hard drive or two , you should have the right combination of flexibility and capacity .
 Pioneer as a brand is a synonym of great quality and customer satisfaction . I bought this head unit after comparing it with the 680 's series and some Kenwood and Alpine options . what did I choose Pionneer ? Because the specially designed interfase to connect iPods to car stereo systems.Worldwide , iPods sales have been increasing in a geometrically rate and the car stereo systems had to be prepared to stand this portable devices . Now you do n't need to carry a bunch of CDs -LRB- even when they have mp3 files , much convenient than the typical and old audio CDs -RRB- but now you have your 60GB or 80 GB -LRB- or even the new 160 GB -RRB- device full of your music collection.I was hesitating about the interfase to read the music contained in my iPod . When I plugged in , it was so easy to understand how to scrool through artists , albums , songs or playlists . It 's almost the same than you do on your iPod . So , this was a great achive . Now , the incredibly fast speed you can do this
 A while back , I decided that I wanted to listen to my iPod in the car . In fact , it would be the only time I would listen to it . To be honest with you , I am not a huge fan of the iPod , but maybe the 6th generation will change my opinion on that . That , however , is a different review for a different time . After doing a lot of research into integrating it with my '96 Nissan Maxima , the only options were
 I never thought this unit will be easy to use , the installation was quick by a tech . sound is amazing but you have to navigate through the remote and do your one setting et voila ! I am not an expert but this unit is powerful and may need extra speakers for equalizer . The multiple option is yours whether you want to hook a flash drive or your ipod or even use your mp3 CDs . Love it so far no problem .
 This is the 3rd Pioneer that I have owned . It is also the 3rd car into which this stereo has been installed . This unit has the internal crossover , right number of pre-outs , and the right amount of power to make the car bump like it should . I really have enjoyed the USB input so that I can carry my music on a flash drive . I am using the Sirius receiver with it ... making this a fantastic unit.Enjoy some good music with your Pioneer !
 Pioneer makes some great auto head units and this is no exception , The unit works and functions flawlessly and looks great . Very simple to operate and there is not a clutter of buttons to add confusion . The USB port is a very handy thing to have but I found that it did not function well when playing music from a jump drive , I think because of the different formats , it locked up and stopped playing . My Ipod worked without any problems at all and was easy to control from the unit . I really think Pioneer makes the Best auto stereo for the money .
 The reason I got this deck was mainly for the usb feature and the 5 band eq . These features were available much cheaper than the kenwood equivalent . After I installed it i realized there were countless more features that i have come to love . Although it dosne ' t give you as much control over your sound as some more expensive kenwoods , it does a great job nonetheless . high and low pass filters built right in , great control over your sub right from the hu , shortcuts for quickly switching eqs and sub outputs , all on a great inferface . The usb feature does n't work great with drives > 5400 rpm because it dose n't provide enough power for faster ones . Works great with ipods and even with my Archos 404 . Tech support was kind of a drag . I waited forever to get through on the phone lines , and after several emails someone finally answered me .
 Amazing stereo ... so glad I read reviews and decided on this unit . Great functionality and easy to use . Only fault is only one remote line . There shold havebeen at least 2 . So antena wouldnt have to be up all the time .
 I got this unit about six months ago and it actually cost under $ 200.00 back then . I only buy Pioneer Premier headunits for my vehicles because of their reliability . I have another unit that is in perfect working order after 5 years of use . Every function works exactly as described . I frequently use an iPod to connect via usb or a thumbdrive as well . I only have a couple of complaints . In contrast to the prior Premier units I have owned , this unit does not remember what song you are on when you click the list button to go through the folders again , it automatically resets to the default first folder in the scrolling menu . Next , the blue backlight on this unit is QUITE BRIGHT , I 'd go as far as to say that it could prove to be a road distraction in a vehicle with high headunit placement like in my Jeep . I STRONGLY suggest setting the brightness/dimmer to the LOWEEST settings as this moderately reduces the distraction . Also , if you have a moving background on the unit , it will periodically light up , and then go back to normal , and repeat this sequence about every 30 seconds which is a distraction so I chose to stick with a stationary background after it annoyed my enough . Lastly , if you have a portable hard drive and plan on on bringing your music collection with you , take note of two things
 This is a great pioneer system that works well with your ipod . The menu works ok , but it is really difficult to scroll through all of your music ... it takes a long time .
 This is a great pouch for keeping your cables all in one place . It fits my macbook pro power brick , the extension cable , kindle cord , and an extra usb cord with ease . My one small wish is that there were a greater variety of pockets -LRB- pouch has two `` net '' pockets one on each side of the case -RRB- for smaller items , and a bit more structure in the pouch overall . Currently with all my cords inside it looks as if I 'm carrying around a small , incredibly awkward package . Neither of these issues are deal breakers , just things that would be helpful in future incarnations of the product .
 This pouch has enough space to carry my -LRB- late 2008 -RRB- MacBook 's power adapter and cables , two video adapters -LRB- DVI and VGA -RRB- and maybe a couple of thumb drives.Neoprene is fine and zipper and stitches seem durable .
 This is an great idea , because you can potect the laptop , but if you dont look after the cables you 're screw .
 I got my player and it was easy to use right away . I had to charge the battery before loading it up with songs . It 's not even close to full at 96 songs . The only problem is the battery only lasts for about 3 hours . It 's not good for all day rocking out , but it 's good for short listens . I got it to play music with a tape adapter in my car since I 'm sick of dealing with CDs while driving . I used a portable cd player with a cassette adapter before . I would still buy it , but the battery really needs to last at least as long as 2 AAs .
 I love the fact that this unit is so lightweight . I am glad that it comes with an easily programmed FM tuner so that I can listen to local content as well as my MP3s . I also am pleased with the Lanyard that comes with the MP6610FM . It has the earbud headphones built in so you do n't have to worry about another cable dangling.I use this when biking and once it 's on , I do n't even notice that something is around my neck . For this , it has been perfect.My one complaint is that the unit uses a proprietary connector for the USB . I was expecting a simple USB-B connector -LRB- of which I have a number of cables -RRB- . However , this one is different . I fear that if I lose it , I will not only be unable to put different music on the unit , but the device will no longer be usable because the MP6610FM recharges its battery through this USB port .
 this little mp3 player is perfect for me and thats why i bought 2 . the price is awesome and it holds about 240 songs which is good enough .
 Nice little MP3 player for the money . I bought to take to the gym and found it easy to use , good sound . I do n't care for the earbuds but they are inexpensively replaced . This is a great starter MP3 for those that do n't want to spend $ $ .
 Certainly worth the money . Nifty little radio and intuitive menu layout . The battery could last a little longer though . It does n't seem to be replaceable either -LRB- you charge it with a USB cable -RRB- . I wish it came with a clip so you could put it on your sleve or something . The headphones are the same funky stupid ones that come with all cheaper MP3 players and they 're just short enough that you ca n't put the player in your pocket while standing . What , do I just hold the thing while I jog?But yeah , good deal , especially if you already have some decent headphones .
 I bought this a few months ago for my 11 year old son for his birthday . He loves it ! I like it so much , I am thinking about going back and buying one for my self . The sound is good , it is very easy to use . Also , since it was purchased for a kid , if it gets stolen or lost it is n't as big an investment as an Ipod . The only down side is that you have to charge it using the computer , which is n't a huge deal since we have the computer on a lot , but if we were traveling or something that would be a disadvantage . Other than that , it is great !
 I 've had this for a couple of weeks now , and it has been great.Very easy to use , just plug it in and drag and drop music files into it . Deleting songs off of it is just as easy.Did not need to install anything.Very bright display , and easy to use menu system.Pretty sturdy too . The very first day I had it I dropped it onto the pavement while walking to the bus . I picked it up , and it was still playing just fine , not even a scratch on it.The only Con that comes to mind is that it takes a while to charge . And while it 's charging you can not listen to music . But I knew that before buying it , and for me thats not a big deal . So 5 stars .
 I quite like this product . I use it during my walks every day and cleaning the house . I love the head phones - they do n't hurt because the weight is on the back of my neck rather than in my ears . My only issue is the battery does n't last long enough but the sound is awesome . Nice job Audiovox with at great price .
 The screen is very nice and easy to view , even in bright sunlight . I was able to load songs with no trouble , and sound quality is pretty good . Only negative is that you must use a USB hookup to charge it .
 For the money and for it 's size , this is a good value . I use it primarily hooked up to my car radio and I can listen either to music or to the spoken word . I was impressed with the sound quality , too .
 the AUDIOVOX mp6610 is great the sound , the capacity , and work very good . I no have problem . Thank Amazon . ATT . EL BORICUA
 A tiny player with a big sound ... Works well , I can tuck it away and go , dont have to worry about stuffing it in my bag n such
 Es chiquitico y super liviano !!! , sumamente c&oacute;modo de transportar y operar . Gran calidad de sonido , gran apariencia , m&uacute;ltiples funciones en el men&uacute; . Gran producto , lo recomiendo !
 I really enjoy this mp3 player and the radio . The only thing that is not very convenient is that the battery dies fast , so i have to charge it every day . It sounds great . The shipping and delivery was fast .
 I am very pleased , compatible with windows vista , -LRB- was worried -RRB- and as far as battery usage , I walk on my treadmill for 40 mins and I usually do n't have a bar missing from the battery for atleast 3 uses , not to mention the battery has 3 bars . Very lightweight and user friendly . Will buy another for my boyfriend .
 I had never had a MP3 player before . This one is perfect for a beginner - easy to read and operate . I like that I can go quickly between FM radio and music I downloaded .
 I bought this MP3 player about six months ago and have had no problems . I mainly use it to listen to news programs and have enjoyed very good performance . The FM radio is decent but the reception is not great . Overall I am very pleased with my purchase .
 this is an awesome product , very easy to use , very easy to set up . easy to download music to and easy to charge the battery with usb connection . would recommend this product to anyone looking for an mp3 player
 make sure to plug the usb in then plug it to the mp3 player and the downloads and charging will be fine . the player has a very nice display , easy to read . the volume buttons on the back are nice and it shows on the display with a graphic as you raise or lower the volume . sound quality is good . this is definitely worth the money . would buy again .
 Excellent product - holds a charge like the original battery . Received in a very timely manner . Thanks !
 Bought the Black and the Red both . Keep Ipod speakers and cables in one , and Macbook cables in the other . Different colors keep me from picking up the wrong one .
 Sturdy , nice looking and convenient . This product has been used and abused regularly.So its of great craftsmanship and a great bargain .
 These do what they are supposed to and my wife likes the color . They do n't stand out were I used them the standard black cables would have been an eye sore . She puts up with enough wires everywhere because of my technology obsession . I split apart the audio and video cables since we use a projector the stereo is on the other side of the room . Came apart easily and still looks neat .
 We have used the Sony DSR-30 DV CAM / MiniDV tape recorder deck for twelve years . It has been used lightly but has never malfunctioned . The record quality is wonderful and it is easy to connect and operate . The pull-out control console does everything you could wish for . Analog and digital inputs and outputs give you great flexibility . The frame by frame play/edit functions work beautifully . Audio input and editing is great . We have absolutely no complaints about this deck . You should be aware , however , of two things that are not obvious in the product brochures . First , and most important , the DSR30 records in the DV CAM format and recording to a 60 minute MiniDV tape will give you only 40 minutes . That is because the DV CAM format is recording denser data to the tape . This also means you will not be able to play that recorded tape in your typical MiniDV camcorder which records and plays only DV format . The second thing is the DSR 30 will not play miniDV tapes that have been recorded in the LP speed -LRB- not a good idea in the first place -RRB- . If you can find one of these on the used market , I recommend it .
 I have a G4 500MHz -LRB- sawtooth -RRB- Mac that came originally with ATI Rage 128 Pro graphic card . I thought that I could get my Apple Cinema 20 '' Display to work connecting it to the ADC port on the 9000 Pro . But , I was disappointed to find that it did not work . I went on the internet and found that Radeon 9000Pro does not have enough power to work ADC enabled monitors when the card is installed in G4 macs older 500MHz or less -LRB- sawtooth and previous G4 models will not work . -RRB- I will have to buy an DVI to ADC convertor from Apple which costs a hundred dollars . That means I will have to use the DVI port on the 9000pro , leaving the ADC port useless = I can not use dual monitors . I wish I knew before . Other than this problem , the card is fine .
 I picked up one of these used for fairly short money , to put in a 2001 Quicksilver Mac.It dropped in and works well.It is only incrementally better than the Nvidia GeForce 4mx that I had in there before , but has twice the ram on board , which does seem to make Leopard run somewhat smoother and with a couple more features.Not the newest or best , but a capable solid display card for an aging machine with new software .
 I use it in a Power Mac G4 400 MHZ and work great.I use the DVI to VGA converter for work with my flat monitor.The card is like a new and works great
 I bought this portable ethernet cable about a year ago and it has come in handy on so many occasions . All too often I found myself in a hotel with horrible slow wifi and a missing ethernet cable . I was able to take this handy gadget out of my laptop case and plug in nice and easy . Since the cable springs back into the case , you also never have to deal with kinked cables . Since this product will also convert from a standard cable to a crossover , you can use it to transfer files directly from one computer to another . Overall , this is a perfectly built product that 's a great addition to any gadget bag
 I 'm using the computer as a pfsense box . I bought a separate gb nic card and threw it in and it 's worked well .
 I hated Vista and wanted to get back to XP . IBM Lenovo ThinkCentre is very fast , very clean , meeting more than my expectations . I thank you very much for the purchase
 An excellent though costly kit . The dust brush in a lipstick-like container
 the very best on the marrket today for cleaning riflescopes period !!! I would highly recommend this item to anyone keeps lens crystal clear .
 Bought this same bag around 3 months ago at WallyWorld for $ 16.98 . I would recommend it without hesitation . I use it to carry Canon DC310 camcorder AND a Kodak Z760 Digital camera . Has ample room for both with the adjustable dividers in main compartment . With all the other pockets & compartments , it also has room for my Memorex travel case that holds 12 mini DVDs , travel chargers & cords for both cameras , extra batteries for both cameras , various ac adapaters & cords , extra memory cards , a Sharpie , cleaning cloths , etc. . I had used a smaller Samsonite camera bag for the Kodak for about 3 years before purchasing the camcorder . Loved it , too , so I already had a good feeling about the Samsonite brand . The only complaint I have about this bag is that I can not figure out a way to get my 66 '' tripod in there ! Seriously , though , I would not not hesitate to buy this or any other Samsonite camera bag in the future . I would check around for a better price , however .
 This is a camcorder back I was looking for.It is compact , but spacious.I can have my Canon HV30 , Mini tripod , directional mic , 6 miniDV cassettes , cables , filter box , etc. . . putting in it.How amazing it is , ha ??? You shall try and it worth every cents you paid for .
 I purchased this bag from Amazon because I had a gift certificate . Wal-Mart carries the exact same thing for about three dollars cheaper .
 This bag is inexpensive and easy to use . it holds both my digital camcorder an digital camera as well as some supplies . It is easy to carry and use and I highly recommend it .
 This bag is just perfect for the JVC mini cam . There is enough room for your accessories , sans tripod . The bag is lightweight and the strap is comfortable . Sure you 'll enjoy yours !
 I bought this bag for a Panasonic VDR-D100 DVD Camcorder and I loved it.All the pockets are usefull . I recommend this bag .
 Took a chance since I needed a case for my new JVC digital camera and it was a great choice . Extra room is very useful .
 This bag is made of high quality materials , has pockets everywhere , and fits a wide variety of camcorders . I got a great product for a great price . I definately recommend this product !
 I purchased this for my Canon Rebel K2 , and have been very pleased with the versatility of this camera bag . I have room for extra film , my lens cleaning kit , and even my digital camera -LRB- small and slim -RRB- . I do wish that the front pocket was a little larger to fit my camera 's manual a little better , but for the cost this bag is a very good buy . I will be upgrading to something more substantial in the future , but for now this bag is perfect for my needs .
 It has a good number of pockets to store my vcr manual , extra tapes and some `` wiring . ''
 Very Good product . QUALITY is super . Fits camcorder and all its accessories + digital camera with all its accessories perfect . Dont wait BUY !
 I purchased this bag for carrying a Garmin C330 GPS unit with all the accesories . The bag quality , size , and construction is excellent . It can easily accomodate the GPS unit , windshield bracket and optional dashboard mount , 110V A/C and 12VDC cigarette lighter adapters , cables , manual , and software . Most cases that are designed to carry a vehicular GPS unit are usually way too small to house additional accesories . This bag is a perfect solution .
 I had been looking for a Nice Camera bag for my Canon S2IS Camera that would carry the charger , extra batteries , car charger , cleaning accessories , and disks . This bag has it all , and plenty of room to keep things seperate instead of jamming everything into one compartment . I like the fact that this bag has the shoulder strap . Now I have everything I need in just one bag . I use to carry 2 bags , one for the camera and the other for the charger and extra batteries . I still have plenty of room and other compartments to add anything I want . This is a Great Camera bag for the price.Now I have everything at my finger tips without going through 2 diff bags , and plenty of room to get what I need . I would recommend this bag to anyone who has larger cameras .
 Although this is a camcorder bag , I use it for my camera . It has all the compartments that I need for all my accessories . It 's VERY durable , easy to use , and the compartments are are nicely sized . My only complaint is that I wish it was just a little deeper in the compartment that stores the camera .
 plenty of room for a handy cam , the manual , tapes and wires . Name brand that you can trust for a price you ca n't beat . Everything I was hoping for
 I use it for my Panasonic DVC video camera and my Digital still camera . Both fit nicely with a few accessories .
 this is a nice bag which I can put my camera and camcorder both in .
 Para mi fue una gran compra , es un maletin bien hecho , acabados perfectos y trae una gran cantidad de espacios divididos para llevar todo lo referente a camara y videocamara.Yo cargo en este maletin mi videocamara sony con su cargador y bateria opcional y cintas mini dv , tambien llevo mi camara digital canon con un cargador de bateria con sus 4 pilas AA todos sus cables y memorias , es una belleza de maletin , es impermeable . . se los recomiendo.Lo mejor de todo fue que lo adquiri a un buen precio
 This was a free gift with my camcorder purchase -- what 's not to like about it ???!!!
 This camcorder bag is strong and durable . It gives you alot of room for your camcorder as well as sections for your cables and other accessories . The bag is neat and not bulky at all.Highly recommended .
 I bought this bag for a Sony DCR-DVD108 camcorder that I had recently received . The camcorder only took up one of the three compartments in the main compartment -LRB- moveable dividers -RRB- , which left plenty of room for a digital camera , mini-DVDs for recording , battery charger for the camera , power cords for both , and cables for connecting to the computer and TV . I 've taken it camping and other places without any issues . All in all , a great buy .
 The Samsonite Journey Camcorder Bag is great ! I can put my camcorder AND my digital camera inside as well as all of the cords , the charger , and I put 10 tapes in it ! I think that if you are looking for a bag that can multi-task for you , this is it !
 This is a great bag in design and construction ! It holds our camcorder and our digital camera and lots of accessories . The adjustable interior partitions are a nice design feature . We are certain this bag will serve us well for a long time.Thank you .
 I bought this for my new Canon HV20 and for vacation . I have n't actually used it too extensively , as in whether or not it 's build quality can be judged but it looks and feels to be very well made.I am able to store my Canon HV20 with 2 lenses attached , remote for the canon , my Pentax Optio 550 and extra battery , extra Canon battery , Audio-Technica ATR25 Mic and cable , 10 miniDV tapes , 2 sd cards and cases , and I think it actually has room to put a little bit more like a little mp3 player or my Gameboy SP , though I 'd want to maybe have a cushion so I can lay those on top of where my camera is.Nicely designed shoulder strap too , it 's not just some uni-shaped band , but looks to be ergonimically shaped to your shoulder.So I hope the shoulder strap and handle strap lasts for my trip , it 'll be perfect indeed .
 Bought this bag to hold both my camcorder and camera for a trip to Egypt . Worked great , big enough to hold both cameras and supplies -LRB- Batteries and tapes -RRB- but small enough to be portable and not get in the way or feel like I had `` Lug '' the bag around .
 This bag -LRB- Samsonite 809BK -RRB- is ideal for carrying your camcorder and ALL the accessories -LRB- cables , extra batteries , charger , etc. -RRB- very comfortably . Moreover , if you have one of the new smaller hard disk drive camcorders , and a digital camera , you will be able to fit both in here and still have enough space for all the accessories . I have a JVC GZ-MG155 HDD camcorder and a Canon A610 digital camera , and both fit just fine in this bag . This bag will come handy in carrying around both the items in the upcoming family wedding celebrations . I got the bag from Walmart for $ 17.95 . I did not want to spend anything upwards of $ 20-25 on a camcorder bag , and this fits the bill perfectly.Overall , a nice bag . Worth the money . Go buy it !
 i recieved this bag free of charge when i bought my sharp minidv camcorder from amazon.com and i must say that if i didnt get it for free i would have bought it myself . . its amazing and my camcorder , cables and tapes fit in easily but BEWARE if your camcorder is not small it prob wont fit or it will fit but you wont be able to put anything else like minidv tapes and stuff.the bag really looks so much better in reality than in online pics . . thank you amazon for this amazing gift
 I like it alot . I store my canon camcorder in it . There is even room for my digital camera and some mini dv tapes.Plus it 's a samsonite . Buy the thing !
 Bag is for my Canon Optura Xi camcorder . It is all I need to keep up with the camera and accessories . Size adjustable inside lining is eazy to fit to camera dimensions . Front compartment holds various cables , battery charger and an extra battery . Room in the end compartments for extra DV tapes.Excellent construction .
 This was an Amazon freebie so what is there not to like ? It has plenty of compartments to carry all your gear and it 's construction is rugged . The only slight negative are the plastic buckles that are not always easy to close . All camera bags have them these days , though .
 This Samsonite camcoder bag is of great quality , durable and yet light . The design is very user-friendly . The many side pockets and compartments offer u lots of spaces for your battery , video tapes , USB cable , etc. . I highly recommend this products .
 The first bag was great for a week until one of the zippers went broken . I exchanged it and the second one works well so far . The bag is just about the right size for my digital camera and its accessories . It has a lot of small pockets that hold CF cards , recharger , cables and so on . Bag is well made . Comparable to the bags 5-10 bucks more expensive . Samsonite could have chosen better quality zippers to make this bag five-star .
 You can find the same product in Wall-Mart . So , you do n't have to wait for so long .
 This is an excellent camera bag . The quality of the materials and of construction is unsurpassed . I use it to store/transport either my sony mini-dv camcorder or my Canon digital rebel SLR .
 I 've accumulated maybe 10 camera and camcorder bags over the last several years from Case Logic , Mountainsmith , Samsonite and various other makers and can honestly say this is my favorite one for several reasons :1 -RRB- space-saving form factor with excellent size to storage ratio2 -RRB- high durability and ruggedized construction3 -RRB- numerous storage pockets and generously-sized compartments4 -RRB- secure and protective4 -RRB- fantastic priceThis is a well-made and easy to carry day bag that offers ample storage in a small form factor . The square shape lets you fit it anywhere inside a luggage compartment , a trunk , or stacked on top of other bags . I can take my camera , maps , and everything else I need to go out for a shoot all in this bag . MyCanon VIXIA HV40 HD HDV Camcorder w/10x Optical Zoom - 2009 MODELfits perfectly in the center compartment , leaving the 2 padded cells on either end for extra batteries , chargers , tapes , and other accessories . The dividers are velcro'ed in and can be removed or adjusted to fit your camera , no matter the size . The bag is tall enough that it offers plenty of overhead for holding other accessories in the main compartment along with the camera . The walls are thickly cushioned and offer excellent impact and drop protection . All the flaps and pockets offer a lot of extra cushioning and work as a buffer.The two zip-up side pockets easily fit 2 mini-DV cassettes each . A zippered front flap flips up to reveal another pocket underneath . The click-in buckles keep everything securely closed . I have no complaints about the zippers.The carry handle is made of thick ballistic nylon and as if that were n't enough , it is reinforced with a strip of fake leather sewn into the underside . The strap is sewn to the top of the bag with heavy stitching . There is no way this handle is coming off unless you really try to destroy it . It is an excellent value for under $ 20 and I highly recommend this versatile bag .
 Got my son a JVC mini DV camcorder for Christmas ... this is the perfect bag for that camera ! Just the right amount of room for the camera , the charger , the cables and tapes !
 This bag is awesome ! I have room for my camcorder and digital camera in it ! It has so many pockets inside and out - I store my rechargeable batteries in it , extra memory cards , cords , instruction manuals , and blank tapes . Its PERFECT !
 I purchased seven of these for use in a high school at the $ 21.00 price . They carry Canon ZR800 mini dv video cameras , their manuals , tapes , batteries and cables with ease in a very neat package . I am very satisfied with this purchase ,
 The camcorder fits in the bag perfectly . The bag feels durable and even with the camcorder inside feels light like there is nothing in it .
 I purchased this bag almost a year ago and I am very happy I did . I travel a lot and I carry my cameras -LRB- both camcorder and digital camera -RRB- everywhere . In my bag I carry all the cables , 5 spare tapes , chargers and spare batteries for my camcorder and the charger with cable and my Colpix digital camera -LRB- in it 's own case -RRB- along with some extras all in this Samsonite Journey Bag . For the less than $ 19 I paid for it I feel I got a bag worth $ 50 . I have not had one single problem with the bag . It 's a great buy.Samsonite Journey Camcorder Bag for Most Camcorders
 THIS IS THE BEST CAMERA BAG EVER FOR THE MONEY . I CA N'T BELIEVE A SAMSONITE BAG OF THIS SUPER QUALITY WAS UNDER $ 10 ! WE HAVE THE PANASONIC PALMCORDER & IT FITS VERY NICELY IN THIS BAG WITH SOME EXTRA 3 '' DVD DISCS , THE BATTERY CHARGER AND INSTRUCTION BOOKLET . THIS IS THE BUY OF THE CENTURY !
 I like this product because of its simple design , brand and sufficient space for my digital camera and camcorder . The price is also affordable . I do n't see any flaws in it as of now and I recommend to buy .
 Economical , well-designed and offers good protection for the camcorder . Also has many convenient storage compartments .
 I purchased this off of Ebay a couple of days ago , just received and must say I am pleasantly surprised ... I own a new FUJI FINEPIX S700 ... this bag does the job ... enough room for my camera , UV filters , memory cards and battery charger/batteries ... . nice large open slip pocket front of bag which holds my owner 's manual yet securely closes with two snap locks ... This bag is just the right size for my needs ... . not too large , definitely not too small and still attractive to carry my little Fuji Gem in ... super product .
 Got this bag to use with our JVC hard drive camcorder . Lots of room for the camera , cords , books etc without being TOO BIG.VERY STURDY !!! Excellent price for a great little bag . I 'd highly recommend this !
 This is a perfect bag for my Sony SR-300 , it 's enough to keep and carry all the accessories
 Positives-Very roomy , lots of fun pockets.Negatives-Too roomy.If you have a small camera , like the Cannon zr45 , elura ; or the Sony PC9 , IP5 type cameras , then go for something smaller.If you have any of the Sony DCR -LRB- or ccd -RRB- - TRV series , Panasonic PV-DV series , or JVC GRDVL series cameras , then this bag would suit you well . However , it 's size makes it inconvenient to lug around during short trips . If you have a smaller camera , I would not recommend this bag . - done , and done !
 I bought another brand of bag for my Canon 35mm last year . For the same price , it was n't nearly as roomy or convenient . This is marketed toward camcorder purchasers , but it 's too bad I did n't know about it last year for my Rebel EOS . It has more room for lenses , cleaning materials , booklets ... even a snack !
 I use this bag for my Sony DCR-TRV19 camcorder , and it works great . Lots of pockets and storage with easy access , together with a nice look . The only reason it did n't get five stars is that a plastic tab which attaches to a pull string for one of the zippers came off , which is quite minor really .
 Just the right size - I 'm able to carry my new camcorder -LRB- Canon Optura 60 -RRB- , old digital camera -LRB- Canon S45 -RRB- , 2 spare batteries for each , 2 spare tapes for the camcorder , 2 spare memory cards for each -LRB- 2xCF and 2xSD -RRB- , the owners manual for the camcorder and misc cables all in the one bag . It 's a tight fit , but that 's good because things do n't shift around.It is easy to use , the top compartment will open and stay open while using the carry strap on my sholder . The bag -LRB- when loaded -RRB- is well balanced and stays put when open -LRB- wo n't dump the contents on the ground - very bad thing -RRB- . Quality is good , nothing has broken or jammed . I 've taken it camping , hiking and around in the car . It has n't failed to do anything but what it 's supposed to for the 2 months I 've been using it.Highly recommended .
 It is great quality but for small camcorder its too small they bounce around and stuff . You need to put a pillow inside to stop that .
 Plenty of room for my camcorder and my digital camera , It is light weight and easy to carry . I have plenty of room for the accessories that go with both cameras like extra batteries and picture cards , tapes and charger for the camera . The bag is soft and cushioned and has plenty of compartments .
 Great price , quality materials , the zippers seem sturdy and has plenty of room . On travel , we carry both our video recorder and digital camera in it , chargers and tapes ... it 's little tight but it gets the job done . Not for pros I guess , but for sometimes for traveling , the simpler the better .
 I bought this bag for my Panasonic DMC-FZ10 digital camera and it is just great . It has an adjustable inside lining so you can customize it to fit your camera or camcorder perfectly . Besides that , the compartment on the front fits all the catalogs and cables and the ones on the sides are perfect for extra batteries , charger and lens filters . All together there are 5 different compartments , besides the main camera compartment , so storage is not an issue with this bag . However , if you are a professional photographer and use more than 5 filters and additional lenses , you may need something a little bigger . Quality wise , this bag is excellent for the price as with any Samsonite product . Comes with 5 year warranty .
 This bag has an adjustable inside , so you can customize the size of your bag , so its fits your camcorder nicely . Also , there are many largr pockets that are great for storing all of my equipment . It has a 5 year warranty so if it breaks , you can get it fixed for free . This bag is great
 This TV is great overall . I am extremely happy with the picture quality when using it under HD . Its absolutely unbeliveable !! The drawback is Time Warner only has about 13 HD channels , everything else is in SD . Under a SD signal the TV is an average performer -LRB- which is why I gave it 4 stars & not 5 -RRB- . The picture does get grainy and my $ 300 TV looks much better than this set ! But it is still `` bearable '' . I did go down to a local electronics store and do a comparision of this set against the leading brands -LRB- under HD signal -RRB- , and i must say it was just as good or even better than some of those 5K + TV 's out there.Its works great when hooked up to my pc , I did have to go out and get a decent video card with a DVI out . The picture quality is simply great.Bottom Line
 This is the nicest and thinest TV I have ever seen , and now owned . The colors are awsome , and everything is very familiar if you have owned a TV in the past , except for how thin this unit is . We bought this to give ourselves more room , and did n't actually realize how much room until the old 32 '' Tube TV was gone . We got to get rid of the TV stand , and the huge TV and now have a nice small unit that we can hang on the wall . Philips makes awsome product , and we have had a grat experience from Amzon throughout the entire process .
 Awsome Plasma . Razor sharp and crystal clear picture . SUperb set . I 'd recommend it to everyone .
 I bought this for my D70 , which suffers from low magnification compared to my old film SLR 's . Fits and works well but 1.17 x is not a dramatic increase in size . Good quality coated optics , as expected.Fits other Nikons with rectangular eyepieces also , but probably only usable with digital cameras that have a diopter adjustment . Incidently , the picture on the Amazon site is the wrong part , at least as of 07/01/2006 .
 The magnification is small but you can definetly tell a difference . Downfall is that through your viewfinder it cuts off about 20 % of the frame of what your photographing on all sides . This is minor for taking pictures of people but for landscape would be a downfall . Say you 'd want a certain tree as the left borderline of the photo . Because of the eyepieces zoom that tree would be at the left part of the viewfinder but when you review the picture it would be more to the right of the edge . If you get this I recomend carrying both eyepieces around with you because they are easy to switch out .
 I read this would fit the D70 and it fits like it was made for it . The D70 uses mirrors instead of a prism and I 've read people saying it is like looking down a dark hallway at your image . I agreed with them until I added this magnifying eyepiece . It eliminates all of the black space around the image ! The only down side is that you have to shift your view slightly to see the readouts in the viewfinder . I actually find this to be an advantage so that I compose my shots without distraction . I do n't understand why Nikon does n't ship this on the camera . It really improves the viewfinder !
 Its good , see the whole viewfinder with the bottom information if you do n't wear eye glasses . When I was wearing eye glasses , I need to press my eye close to see everything but when I am wearing contact , its fine . The magnification is n't that great , it slightly make me feel easier on my eye but not a lot . If you have the cash , get it , but you did n't miss much if you do n't have it . It does n't make the viewfinder seeing less 20 % which does n't make sense unless you wear big thick eye glasses . If anyone does n't know yet , your Nikon viewfinder usually only shows about 95 % of the actual scene unless you using the pro level D2X , then its nearly 100 % .
 This magnifier works on the Canon Rebel XT and in my opinion is probably the best usable magnification you can get in this category of devices -LRB- I originally thought of getting a straight 2.3 x viewfinder magnifier , but after several posts of unusably dark view , I ditched the idea -RRB- . It fits the Rebel XT pretty snugly . The magnification is perceptible but not earth shattering . The viewfinder image did n't suffer a noticable loss of light . With Rebel X * 's small viewfinder , every bit of magnification might be worth it . But it wo n't be enough for a precise manual focus.Without glasses on , you can exactly see both the frame and the info bar below it . With glasses on , you can just about see the entire frame , but if you peer to see the info bar , you lose some portion of the top of the frame -LRB- image center is still there -RRB- . This also brings the eye piece a bit forward , so your nose is n't entire squished against the LCD.Nikon users may fume at a review of a part meant for Nikon cameras used on a Canon body , but I felt the review could be useful for Canon users considering this part . Nikon has made a good part with no Canon equivalent , but very much usable on a Canon body .
 I got this for my D5100 , which has a rather small viewfinder . It slides right on where the factory eyepiece slides off , like it should ; no modifications , no problems . It does not interfere with the flip-out monitor or the diopter dial -LRB- or anything else -RRB- . Though the magnification was not dramatic , it was significant enough to make it well worth the few dollars I spent on it . It also stands out about 1/4 inch further than the factory eyepiece , which gets my face off the monitor a little better . And in contrast to other reviews I have read online , it does not take away from the area of view in the veiwfinder ; at least not for me , on my D5100 . But I do have to put my eye right up to it to see the whole area , so if you have to wear glasses to see through your viewfinder , this is probably not for you . But I can see the full rectangle , a little bit larger , and a little bit easier ; it definately makes manual focussing on distant subjects easier for me . It is a welcome upgrade to my D5100 , and I doubt I will ever take it off .
 I am using this on the Canon Digital Rebel XT 350D , but it also fits the XTi , 20D , 30D etc. . It really makes it easier to focus by making the Rebel 's small viewfinder bigger . It also sticks out away from the camera a little further than the stock one , making it easier to hold close to the face and prevent smudges on the screen.I wish it magnified more than 15 % but it works well for what it is .
 I bought this magnifier for my Sony A300 after reading about it on the Sony SLR forum at dpreview . It offers a small but meaningful improvement to the smallish Sony eyepiece . I am happy with this product .
 I purchased this magnifier to improve my ability to manually focus my D70 camera with older AI lenses . I would recommend it for anyone who owns a D70 , D70S or D50 , as they all suffer from `` tunnel-view '' syndrome . I also purchased a split image focus screen from a company on eBay , and the combination of these two items has greatly improved the ease of manual focus . Not as good as a F2 -LRB- or even an FM -RRB- viewfinder , but a lot better than stock .
 A little magnification of the ocular aids precise focusing . Automatic focusing not always does the best job , manual focusing is sometimes necesary . I installed it on my D80 without problems .
 I bought this for using with my D70 . It 's very hard to focus with its small viewfinder , so I hope this DK21M will help.After I put it on , a good thing isI see the viewfinder bigger a bit . No cut off edge.also disadvantageThe sharpness slighly decrese . I see a very little overlaping image in the middle across from top to bottom . My eye must close to the viewfinder to see the whole frame . -LRB- If I wearing glasses , I wo n't see all -RRB- For this price , if you have money and a little magnification is fine for you , it 's OK to have it . If you expect a lot , just save your money for other accessories . Or borrow your friend to see what it looks like .
 I tried the Olympus magnifying eyepiece before getting the DK-21M but did not like it due to the hard rubber on the eyepiece . The DK-21M is much better . Its comfortable but not as comfortable as the stock eyecup rubber . This eyepiece works as advertised .
 I bought this to use on a Nikon D40 , and I 'm so happy I did . It 's not a VAST size difference , but it 's like wearing +1 glasses to read , it 's a subtle but recognizable magnification . Things in the viewfinder are just easier to see.I do notice a small bit of barreling at the extreme edges of my view , but to me it 's a minor thing , compared to the improvement in my ability to see my focus.An additional benefit is that it stands out further from the camera , than the included eyepiece . I do n't have to press my eye up as closely . It keeps my view screen cleaner -LRB- fewer noseprints -RRB- , and it 's more comfortable .
 Bought this for my Canon Rebel Xti . Slides on and fits perfectly . Good eyepiece , works well . There is a trade-off for the magnification as with any magnifying eyepiece -- there is a small portion of the outermost area of the view-finder which is no longer visible , but this has not presented a problem at all.Noticeable improvement when manually focusing .
 This product itself works fine as expected from the product overview . This produces the larger figure in the view finer and that made me feel like I am taking pics with D600 while using D7000 -LRB- i.e. My DX format D7000 pretends as if it is FX format D600 . Of course it is not the same though . :-RRB- -RRB- . Simply I like it.However , the user should bear in mind that the range that is seen in the view finder is bigger than the one actually shows up on the picture . So you get smaller result than you saw in the view finder . This gives me some struggle on framing.Another point that I wanted to be improved was that this eyepiece only has a thin small square shaped rubber , and this rubber is not replaceable . It would be great if this could be changed to other bigger eye cup . The original eye piece fits and looks better on my D7000 . Also it is not confortable to use when rotating the camera to take the pics vertically .
 Pros : Works on my d7000.Easier manual focus -LRB- not as good as a split prism screen though -RRB- . Less tunnel effect.It must be dimmer -LRB- same amount of light , more area -RRB- , but it 's not noticable.Small / light only protrudes slightly more than stock eyepiece.Cons : Slight vignetting through eyepiece -LRB- obviously does not affect photos -RRB- . Sometimes harder to see shutter speed/aperture/iso through the viewfinder.To me the pro 's soundly outweigh the cons , I have n't taken it off my camera since putting it on .
 The Nikon DK-21M magnifying eyepiece is also listed under supported accessories in the Nikon D300 manual so I bought one . While the view is a bit tight , ie the eye must placed very close to the eyepiece , you still can see the entire image through the viewfinder . As noted in other reviews the increase in image size is not huge but it is enough to make the purchase worth the price . Definitely not acceptable if the photographer wants to wear glasses but although I wear glasses I never wear them when using my cameras - I 've just adjusted the diopter to suit . For manual focus it definitely helps but if you are going to be using manual focus a lot you might want to invest in a KatzEye Optics focusing screen for a hundred bucks or so . Bottom line is I 'm going to leave the DK-21M on permanently . I like the greater image size .
 If you 're in camera diopter will not adjust enough for your eyesight , then this will help . Take in consideration that it only can do so much , but if you need that little bit of correction for manually focusing , then this should help . Had to shave small amount of plastic tab on the D5000 's flip out LCD -LRB- on the very top and not even noticeable -RRB- to keep from hanging . This piece actually extends out a little further than the OEM eyepiece so it keeps your nose further from the screen .
 The Nikon DK21M Magnifying Eyepiece works as advertised . The small increase in the apparent size of the viewfinder image helps.As mentioned in other reviews , it does n't magnify that much but its enough . Also , others have mentioned that the field is difficult to see with eyeglasses . I wear eyeglasses and do n't take them off . I found it to work O.K. Have to scan my eye a little bit but being an amateur astronomer I am used to doing that.All in all , no problem . Item works as advertised for me .
 I bought this magnifying eyepiece because I have started using reading glasses -LRB- the price of getting older for some of us -RRB- and can not always see WHERE the camera is auto focusing . It does cut off a small edge of my viewing area -LRB- takes more picture that I see through it -RRB- , but I do indeed see my little auto focus boxes . It also acts as an extender and pushes my face off of the camera back . I recommend this piece , and I recommend buying it through Amazon.com , it was well priced compared to our local photo store .
 I love the Nikon D7000 , but unless you have the facial features of an Asian , you are going to crush your nose on the live view screen when looking through the view finder . I was looking for an eye cup that would improve the nose screen gap with little success when I cam across this from Nikon . It will give you about inch breathing space and a little magnification to boot . This is a quality product , optically coated , as expected from Nikon , and makes focus a little easier for us older folks .
 The image quality is exceptional . It 's not hacked quality like Sony XBrite , which will cause all the glares in various light conditions . I use Apple Cinema 23 widescreen , ao trust me on the image quality of 960BF . For DVD & games , I have n't experience any ghosting and such . I have nVidia & DVI , so some people who report the problems may have ATI or analog connection ? 960BF looks beautiful from any angle , front or rear , on or off ! It sets apart from other typical black/silver lcd monitors out there . Adjusting height & angle is breeze , and Magic Rotate -LRB- so you can see it vertically -RRB- is one useful extra feature . Go check out yourself , you will be hooked . Only thing that bothers me is the fact it is manufactured in China -LRB- 970P-Korea -RRB- , so I 'm not sure of its reliability .
 I purchased this monitor in a hurry , my CRT display just died one morning and I was in a middle of a project . Where I live -LRB- Central America at the moment -RRB- , choice is limited , so 960bf was the only acceptable available option on short notice.I use it together with Mac Dual G5 , with GeForce 5200 video card , DVI connection . I was a bit hesitant switching to LCD since I do lots of photo editing and critical color work , but so far , so good -LRB- see below -RRB- . Software supplied is Windows-only and since there are no buttons at all , you have to do all the adjustments via software . Samsung site is not very clear on this and finding the software to even change the brigthness -LRB- and this one is VERY bright -RRB- was a pain , but in the end I got hold of Samsung MagicTune for OS X and it offers numerous adjustment options . The only thing not available is pivot software , which is a shame , I 'd love to be able to use this monitor in portrait mode . It 's funny , the lack of Mac support , since the industrial design of this monitor screams iMac/book/pod / anything Apple . It actually looks very nice.As for the color , it works good but with a catch
 I really loved my Mighty Mouse . The side buttons that you squeeze are pretty awesome . I had them set to activate Expose , which really helped with productivity and made for a pretty smooth workflow . The mouse also had the standard right and left click abilities . They do n't appear to be physical buttons though , you just click on the left or right side and the whole surface of the mouse goes down . For aesthetic purposes , the buttons are hidden underneath the case.My only issues with the mouse was that after about a year of use , dust started to build up in the scroll wheel . Typically that can just be cleaned out . Most people recommend using an alcohol wipe and rubbing the it across the scroll wheel with the mouse held upside down . Additionally , you can take it in to the Apple store and have them clean it.I find this mouse even more appealing now that you can buy it used so cheaply . I eventaully upgreaded to theApple Magic Mouse , but if you are looking for a cheaper mouse , I highly recommend the Might Mouse .
 Great product , but roller ball does accumulate crud over time and requires cleaning . Much faster and easier to use than normal mouse . Would purchase again .
 Used this as a great corded mouse with old macbook . Worked well/as expected . Since purchase have moved on to bluetooth apple accessories shifting between magic mouse and magic trackpad depending on application .
 My old I-Mac mouse was behaving badly -LRB- because its ' wire was coming apart after several years -RRB- . I found this new mouse , which is identical , and it just perfect . I could n't be happier . Fair price , quick delivery . I 'm a very happy camper , as I usually am with things I buy through Amazon . It 's always the first place I check when I want to buy something on-line .
 1 . LEFT and RIGHT CLICKS
 I 've used various multi-button mouses over the years and would hardly call any one `` perfect . '' The best feature of the Mighty Mouse is the tiny scroll-ball . It is much more intuitive than a track wheel , and gives the user unparalled control . Not crazy about the side buttons , but this has been an issue on every multi-button mouse I have used . The Mighty Mouse is definitely the best-looking mouse I have ever seen . Overall , a solid product .
 so i went to the apple store to buy one but they were all sold out . i did test one out though . it is amazing.those other people say you need to lift your hand up and whatnot to use the right click and the scroll ball . that isnt true . if you need to do that , then you are using it wrong . plain and simple.its very easy to operate and the scroll ball function is amazing . also i like how the side buttons can open up the dashboard or whatever else youd like it to.all in all , this is probably one of the most innovative consumer products ive ever used .
 For the most part , the Mighty Mouse does an awesome job of distinguishing between single , left and right mouse clicks . In fact , I have yet to run into a problem in this department.The scroll ball is soft , smooth , and natural feeling . It 's also very responsive , allowing you to scroll line by line , page by page , horizontally , diagonally , or practically in any direction or fashion you wish . Because the scroll ball is so tiny , it allows you to cover more surface area with a single scroll than most scroll-wheel enabled mice.Overall , the Mighty Mouse is a pretty impressive gadget that you 'll most definitely want to try at some point . If Apple shrunk Mighty Mouse in size , even slightly , it 'd be a `` must have . '' Perhaps the greatest feature of the device -LRB- other than the scroll ball -RRB- is that it allows you to activate Expose or Dashboard without paying attention to positioning the mouse pointer on the screen or reaching for the keyboard.So should you run out and grab one right now ? It really depends on your budget . If you 've been saving for precisely the right new mouse and ca n't afford to be unhappy with your initial selection , we suggest taking a stroll down to your local Apple store and first taking one for a test drive . That way you 'll know for sure whether you like the feel -LRB- and size -RRB- of the mouse . On the other hand , if the Mighty Mouse interests you and you have the 50 bucks , pick one up . Even if you decide not to use it as your primary mouse , you 'll easily find someone who will .
 Anyone who has shopped for an Apple mouse before has noticed the lack of a second button . -LRB- Also , anyone shopping for a two button mouse to match their mac mini has noticed that there really is n't a huge selection out there . -RRB- Having grown up in a strictly two mouse button house , a single mouse button seemed odd , clunky and . . just wrong . Mighty Mouse to the rescue.This is a really neat tool . It senses left and right mouse clicks , solving the two mouse button quandry . The scroll ball is nice , albiet different if you have only used a scroll wheel before . Of course , you have the two additional buttons -LRB- defaulting to the Dashboard and Expose in Tiger -RRB- . As always , set up and configuration were a snap -LRB- in Tiger
 This is a terrific product -- in concept . In execution , not so much . I have used the Mighty Mouse almost since it was introduced , and this is my 5th one . It says a lot for the design that I keep replacing it when it fails . The scroll button is the first thing to go , but can be nursed along by cleaning with a Q-Tip and rubbing alcohol . My last one stopped switching between windows -- a huge inconvenience .
 Without sparking controversy , I do n't understand why so many people dislike this mouse . I have had two of these in the past 3-4 years , both of which I own to this day . With a little care and the odd bit of maintenance these mice can last a long time . One sits on my desk and never moves -LRB- corded -RRB- , the other is constantly going between office and home and is used and moved on a daily basis.PROS - Comfortable as can be without a `` true '' ergonomic design - Scrolling ball is unobtrusive and scrolls left and right too - Hands down the best mouse for photoshop - Good range and reception - Durable finishNEUTRAL - Needs the odd cleaningCONS - Sometimes if I do n't use it for a day I have to re-pair it with my macbookAs I mentioned above , the only con is that sometimes my macbook will not pair with this mouse . It will see it , show it as connected , but I have to forget the device and pair afresh to get it to work . This is n't a huge deal and only happens every so often . The fact that I can scroll in any direction using the scroll ball , makes my job -LRB- photography/photoshop/illustrator -RRB- INSANELY easier . This , paired with a Wacom graphics tablet has changed the way I work.CLEANING - Method 1
 I normally do n't buy refurbished anythings , but since I was familiar with how to take the `` mighty mouse '' apart and clean it myself , I thought I 'd take advantage of the refurbished price . So far , it works -LRB- and looks -RRB- like new . I got six years out of my original Mighty Mouse and figure this one will last as well .
 Awesome mouse , works as advertised . Love the little scroll ball on top . Never sticks . Very sensitive and intuitive . No problems using it on our Intel Mac with 10.4 . I like the the power cord attached - that way it does n't run away.Be forewarned though - I have two , and on my old iMac with 10.2.8 , the left and right sides of the mouse cause different actions , and there 's no way to turn that feature off with 10.2.8 . So you have to remember to lean to the left for normal mouse presses .
 The basic mac mouse was always the only `` not as good as a PC '' part . Problem solved with this mouse.Easy to install , lovely little scroll wheel .
 There are many reviews that say how this mouse is poorly designed and hard to use . well if you do n't grip the mouse like you are clinging for life , you wont have a problem holding it . the side buttons are not at all to hard to push down because this way you do n't hit them on accident , and you get used to placing your fingers there after 5 minutes of use . the right click you have to lift your left finger . well , almost everyone naturally does this , and again you get used to it after 5 minutes . the middle button is great , i use it to bring up Dashboard , and the scroll ball is amazing for looking at pictures on photoshop or websites with large pages . overall , this has been the best mouse I have ever used , the function is great for a mac , the look is amazing , and the feel is natural . thank you Apple .
 I use quite a few different mice in my day to day activities with my favorites being Logitech 's MediaPlay and Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 2 . Now I have a new favourite - the -LRB- unfortunately named -RRB- Mighty Mouse . It has taken over as my main mouse for working during the day . The scroll ball is quite unique and fun to use , and the mouse itself tracks very well .
 We love Mighty Mouse . Maybe a little expensive a two button mouse , but worth the fun . Worls very well .
 GREAT work enhancemrnt for Macs , Apple finally gave us ascrolling and 2-button mouse . Macs RULED , but did n't havea 2-button scrolling mouse to reduce work effort .
 Well Apple does it again this time its the pro mouse reincarnated into the mighty mouse . I was so freakin pumped to buy the mouse when it first hit the apple website . So when I saw it in the apple shop I had to buy it . WELL first I 'm disappointed that it only runs really good in Tiger not Panther -LRB- I guess I should have read it in the store before the apple buying bug hit me oh well -RRB- but it still runs good . The track ball is a great feature I 'm loving the horizontal thing and the right and left click . Great mouse but now this going to make me go out and get OS X Tiger fully unleash the power that lies inside .
 Ever since I got the Mighty Mouse I 've been struck by how sleek , stylish and functional it is . I just love it ! For years I resisted buying a multi-button mouse for my Mac mainly because I did n't want to mar the beautiful aesthetics of my Mac set-up but also because I really did n't have problems using a one button mouse.I still love my Apple Pro Mouse but the Mighty Mouse is a fantastic alternative . Easy to use , elegant and it perfectly complements my Mac . Suprisingly , the Mighty Mouse worked fine without installing the included software but the side buttons would not function until the software was installed . So be sure to insert the included CD and install the software to get full functionality out of the Mighty Mouse . The scroll ball is a bit small but I adjusted to it rather quickly . It 's very responsive and sensitive . Only the slightest of movements is needed to scroll . About the only improvement I could hope for -LRB- besides a wireless version -RRB- would be a longer cord.The Mighty Mouse cord is only about 30 '' long and does n't give me the room to navigate that I 'm accustomed to with my wireless mouse . I have a G4 iMac -LRB- the one that looks like a lamp -RRB- and a wireless keyboard which means I have to connect the Might Mouse to the back of my iMac . Unfortunately , the connection is on the left hand side of the computer and I am right handed . By the time the mouse has snaked around the back of the computer and across my deep desk , I get only a few inches of maneuverability.Because of the short cord I really ca n't use it on my Mac set-up at home so I 've been using it with the windows machine I have at work . I was quite impressed that the Mighty Mouse works perfectly on the windows machine and I did n't even have to install the software.So whether you are a Mac or Windows user I can highly recommend the Mighty Mouse . It may take a few minutes to get used to , but it works like a dream and is sexy too .
 Overall , its a pretty solid mouseI 'm deeply impressed with the two-button functionality ----- it seemed like an odd concept , but just pressing down on the right side of the mouse , in order to activate the two-button signal , was pretty easy and kinda funmy complaints -1 . scroll wheel -- the scroll wheel in the middle is WAY TOO SMALL -- so small that it is difficult to control the speed , at which , you scroll down a page -- in addition , its not a ball - its a hump that just stays in place - so do n't expect it to move around like a ball2 . ERGONOMICS -- I love Apple , but I do n't think they love my hand ----- most mouse 's today are built towards the configurations of a person 's hand -LRB- Microsoft , Logitech -RRB- but this one leaves your hand flat , and it gets a little tedious to continually operate the mouse , after being use to a more ergonomic oneother than that though -- if you are a fan of Apple 's one-button mouse , then I definitely recommend the purchase ! You 're going to love the two-button action provided here , and the scroll ball is a plushowever - if you are use to using a high class Logitech or IntelliMouse , then I do n't recommend the purchase -- the ergonomics on this one , are such , that it will be too uncomfortable to use this onedespite my high ratings -LRB- mainly because of the two-button functionality -RRB- I sincerely hope that Apple redesigns the scroll wheel to make it bigger , in addition to looking at the ergo 's of this thingthat 's about -- thanks for reading and happy buying !
 The Apple Mighty mouse -LRB- in both USB and wireless formats -RRB- is a worthy contender for the best mouse ever made . In particular , its tiny hyper-sensitive vertical & horizontal scroll button genuinely speeds up on-screen `` productivity '' to a level that , once you 've got used to it , nothing else will do . Brilliant , that is until the scroll button stops working which in my case is about every 9 to 12 months . Bad news then ... well yes , no piece of kit should do this , but right or wrong that 's the way it is and when it happens I happily shell-out for a new one because it 's that good to use . Look on it as the world 's best and most expensive disposable mouse and you may not be too disappointed ...
 It does n't merit a ` review ' - it merits a KUDOS - just the touch sensitivity of the ` squeeze ' that changes as you lift it off the surface speaks volumes about the engineering that went into this puppy . Me loves the ` rollerball ' scroll and it 's ability to dynamically move pages ` diagonally ' . Whats not to love cept I wish it came in TerryToon colors of black with a dash of red and yellow -LRB- then it would match my old G3 PowerBook -RRB- .
 This is a really nice , two-button mouse with a really innovative scroll feature . In addition to scrolling up and down , like mice having scroll wheels , you can scroll in * any * direction -- left , right , diagonal , zig-zag , just by using the little scroll ball . This feature is great for scrolling images , pdfs , and web pages that extend beyond the right part of the screen.It seems to track very well but two of the features are limited using OS 10.3.9 , like the scroll ball button and the squeeze button . I 've tried the mouse in a showroom using the 10.4 OS . It was nice to invoke Expose and the Dashboard exclusively from the mouse . The scrolling within iTunes was a little slow but I did n't notice any problems in any other applications . I have an iBook G3 600MHz . Perhaps a faster PC , such as a G4 would not have this problem . I would highly recommend it .
 I have been using a Logitech TrackMan Wheel -LRB- standard mouse buttonsand wheel with a thumb actuated trackball -RRB- at home and work and havebeen generally happy with it . When I got my first Mac about twoyears ago , I decided to try the one button mouse . To my surprise , Iliked it . I really did n't miss the right click button , but I didmiss the scroll wheel and eventually went back to my Logitech.When the Mighty Mouse came out , I knew I had to try it . I read theforums and the various complaints about it -LRB- the scroll pea is noisy , you have to lift your left finger to right click , the side buttonsare in the wrong place and hard to use -RRB- but decided to go ahead andget one anyway . I figured the worst outcome would be that I wouldhave a one button mouse with a trackball.I am very pleased with it , recommend it and do not feel it is over priced.I have not experienced any of the complaints related above . Thescroll pea is very sensitive , very accurate and much easier to usethan a wheel . lifting my left finger is not a problem and I switchbetween that and using the control key as the mood strikes me . Theside buttons are firm but not hard to use and I do not find I have tolift my hand off the mouse to use them.I would add that everyone 's hand and usage preferences are differentso it would be best to try it out first if you can . Also , I am not agamer so I do not know if this mouse is an asset or a liability forgames . My only wish is that Apple would let you program the scrollpea button and the side buttons to generate a combination keystrokelike control-tab , in addition to launching other applications.If you enjoy using Apple 's one button mouse , you will definitelyenjoy using the Mighty Mouse .
 This unusual new mouse from Apple can be used as a traditional 1-button Mac mouse , but it can also be used as a 4-button mouse . There are n't literally 4 buttons
 I went to the Apple Store today to try out the Mighty Mouse , because my current mouse is crapping out on me . Here 's the review : The first thing I noticed was the scroll ball . It was n't at all like I had thought it would be . Instead of being just like a scroll wheel in ball form , it was a bit more squishy . Not really squishy , just sort of . Instead of the ball staying in place and rolling like a scroll wheel , the ball gets pushed down , then rubbed with the finger . Functionally , it works perfectly . It just took me a minute to get over the feel of it.The next thing I tested was the left vs right click functionality . Despite rumors to the contrary , the mouse actually clicks . It physically moves down and mechanically clicks , just like the current one-button mice that ship with Apple 's computers . So , that aspect of worry was solved . What the mouse does is just detect which side you 're touching when it clicks . Here 's where some strangeness occurred . If you have a finger resting on both sides , the mouse wo n't know which one actually applied the pressure to click it , so it will default to left-click . In order to right-click , you must actually lift your left finger off the mouse . At first , I was disappointed by this . But then , I went home , and analyzed my mousing habits on my current mouse . I discovered that I only leave both fingers on the mouse when I left click , and I actually lift my left finger off the mouse when I right click anyway out of habit , so this wo n't end up being a problem -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . Last , I checked the functionality of the other buttons , i.e. side buttons and scroll-click . At first , I thought that each side button was its own button , like my current 5-button mouse . With this mindset , I found it very difficult to press each button . However , after looking at the System Prefs for the mouse , I saw that both buttons were grouped into one . Using simple logic , I realized that they were meant to be squeezed together from both sides instead of being used as separate buttons . I was slightly disappointed only because this reduced it from 5 buttons to 4 buttons , and I 'm used to 5 buttons . Also , the side buttons do not physically click . Once I realized the squeezing part , using the side buttons became much easier . The scroll-click is interesting . The scroll ball is n't actually its own button , as is the case in other mice that have scroll-clicks . Instead , when enough pressure is applied to the scroll ball for clicking purposes , the entire mouse clicks down just like left - and right-click . However , the mouse knows that the scroll ball is being depressed , so it treats it like a scroll-click . Functionally , there are no problems with this.Summary : Pros : - This mouse 's awesome design will make it look cool in my computer setup , instead of sticking out like a sore thumb like my current mouse does.-The physical clicking action puts to rest much of the uneasiness about tactical feedback.-Like all other Apple products , this is made with quality hardware that will last for a while , unlike my cheap Kensington mouse that started having problems after a year and a half.-It 's very affordableCons : - The fact that the left finger must be lifted to right-click may cause some problems depending on your mousing habits -LRB- it just does n't happen to interfere with mine -RRB- . - The side buttons provide no tactical feedback.-The side buttons are actually one button , which is only a problem for me because I 'm used to a 5-button mouse -LRB- but I could adjust -RRB- . Overall , this mouse is very much worth it , in my opinion . I did n't end up buying one at the store partially because I was still weighing my thoughts on it , but mostly because they were sold out : P
 I have nothing but good things to say about this product . It is excellent at scrolling , the buttons are placed nicely , and it is the same size as the standard mouse that ships with all new macs . I would buy it again in a heart beat if I had another computer that needed it . Simply put it is made by Apple and they seem to have the Golden Touch lately !!
 This is the best mouse I 've ever had . And I have used about 6 different mouses from different brands . It clics well , It tracks well , the tracking ball feels very good and works with no problems . Some people says that the cable is too short , but if you have a wired apple keyboard , this is not a problem . Still you can buy an USB extension cable at ebay for less that 5 bucks . I use it in my mac , I do n't how it will work on Windows . The price is good for what you get . Go buy it .
 I am hard on mouses and glide pads that come with laptops - keep that fact in mind as you read this . I typically go through a mouse in 6 months or less on the average . But I usually favor the use of an external mouse on my laptop -LRB- 17 '' PowerBook G4 - I 'm on my second 17 '' - what can I way - I 'm an early adaptor ! -RRB- . When the Mighty Mouse first came out I thought it sounded like it was too good to be true considering all of the features Apple was touting that it had . When I bought it - and this is important - I installed the accompanying software - I was blown away by all that it did ! This mouse does things that I had never thought of ! I absolutely love Apple - love the creativity of Steve Jobs , you get the picture . But this time , for the mere cost of less than $ 50 , they have made my day easier , over and over again - each day . I use the small , well-thought through details of this little gadget . I am an unabashed Apple evangelist ! -LRB- I have been one for 4 years since switching - I have close to 100 `` converts '' now between the US and the UK ! -RRB- I am also an avid encourager of many of my friends and associates to invest in this very cool , very worthwhile little mouse . I 'll let others explain what it does - they have already done that in other reviews . I 'll catch the emotional impact that this product has on the user . The Mighty Mouse , like all other Apple products that I have ever purchased in my 4 year history with them is in a word `` Fantastic '' -- in that Apple just does , for once in my life , what they claim they will do . It just works ! And that part about my mouses falling apart in 6 months ? Not so with this little guy . It 's been far longer than that this time and it 's still going strong - and I use it constantly in favor of my built-in track pad . I may look odd in public pulling out my add-on mouse , but I do n't care - I get more tricks out of my add-on mouse ! There you have it - go buy one - TODAY !
 So far this is a nice addition to my computer . While you ca n't use the Mouse Preference Pane to program Keyboard and mouse button combinations , the Dashboard and Expos&eacute; pane lets you . I have been able to to assign a control click to each button to do some thing else . For instance the center mouse button activates Dashboard , and pressing control plus the middle button can show the desktop . I heard there is special software available to to this , but Mac OS X seems to have that functionality already , it 's just kind of hidden . I hope this little tip helps out . -LRB- Can also be used with Mac OS 9 as a single button mouse . -RRB- All and all , I 'm enjoying my new Might Mouse
 This mouse is outstanding ! The feel of the click , the feel of the ball , the fact that it can be set to be a one or two button mouse , and the way that is moves about is just wonderful . In its function , it is flawless . In its design , it is flawless . The only thing that I had an issue with , is that with one of these , after 8 years of heavy use , the ball stopped working because the mouse got dirty inside . All that I had to do was pop the mouse open , after 8 years and clean out the ball and the mouse was good as new and is working fine . I have bought a new computer since then and I opted to go with the mighty mouse rather than the new touchpad or magic mouse because this little mouse ca n't be beat .
 I ha d the old apple mouse and was looking to update and this mouse fits the plan . I love the scroll feature .
 I got this mouse to use with my Mac Book Pro for PhotoShop . It is very easy to use and definitely speeds up the process . I would recommend this mouse to anyone !
 I had a Mighty Mouse from the time I bought my MacPro , and was very excited to get a new Magic Mouse when they came out . However upon working with one at another Design office , I found out that the Magic Mouse is only good for the average user that just needs to scroll around web pages and through their iPhoto . As a power user in all Adobe suite and taking full advantage of Spaces on my MacPro , there is to much lacking from the Magic Mouse to replace my just replaced Magic Mouse .
 I do n't see how anybody could not like this mouse . It 's good looking , it 's responsive , it 's got left and right click , and I 've been using this same mouse since 2006 and to the day I 'm typing this , I have n't had to clean the scroll wheel . The buttons on the side can take some getting used to at first , I did n't know they were buttons at first , but yeah this is a great mouse . I HIGHLY recommend this . I use it on both my MacBook and PC .
 Great gadget . Every feature works perfectly . But ... The cable is too short . It should be ok if you connect the mouse to a USB plug on a keyboard . But I bought it to use with my MacBook . Bad idea . The fact is
 First off , I do n't own this product . I used it for ten minutes at a local store . So , anyway , here we go : When I used the MM -LRB- Mighty Mouse -RRB- , I thought that Apple had made another great product . After another few minutes , I became a bit disenchanted because the scroll ball was so hard to use . Other than that , I loved the mouse . It 's great that you can squeeze it to call up the Dashboard -LRB- default ; you can change what this does -RRB- and click the scroll ball to do something else -LRB- Spaces , maybe -RRB- . All in all , this is a great mouse and a good choice to buy for your Mac .
 Mighty mouse is a simple and elegantly engineered mouse . I love the simple small scroll wheel and the lack of individual buttons takes a little getting used to but is pretty cool .
 Pros : * Light * very thin and flexible cod * simple designCons : * the scroll ball gets dirty too easily
 Great functionality and simple Design . It works great with several applications . Sideways scrolling makes so much sense it makes you wonder what took so long
 works pretty well , not as well as I would expect a mighty mouse to work but it gets the job done . I actually had the wireless mighty mouse before but it drove me crazy so I had to replace it with the wired version .
 I do not own this mouser personally , yet . However , I use one every single day at school . The scroll ball never jams or stalls . It works perfectly.I simply do not see what is the complaint with it . These mice are used in a public computer lab for hours upon hours every day , but even they keyboards fare worse than the mighty mouse . The scroll is natural and effortless . These are well over a year old and they do not give us any trouble.The reason I only gave it 4 stars -LRB- though 4.5 is more accurate -RRB- is that the squeeze is a bit stiff generally , and the right click is somewhat awkward as you can not have your finger resting on the left side as you click . It 's easy enough to adjust to however .
 Well , it is a great mouse . So user friendly , elegant and simple . The only `` not-so-perfect '' part of it - and the reason I brought this up is not so much that it bothers me as that we all have high -LRB- and often unrealistic -RRB- expectations for Apple products so that this would become not so perfect for an Apple product - is that the cord is ridiculously short . And I do not understand this part of design , if there is design on purpose . To promote its wireless mouse ? Not too plausible , because my experience with the Apple products has been that the company seeks perfection as long as the product bears the Apple brand . Then , why is this ? The designer thinks that the cord does n't have to be longer ? Not plausible , either . Common sense tells us that it needs to be longer , especially because all the USB outlets are on the left side of the Macbook . Well , I do n't know about desktops , maybe there is no cord problem with desktops . But I would rather blame the company for this imperfection than under-estimating the intelligence and thoughfulness of the designers . Despite all these , I still admire the mouse and am in love with it . One side note -LRB- and I think some people already mentioned it here -RRB- , it gets dirty very easy and fast , so prepare yourself with a cloth . And you know what ? Even if this might sound like a downside , I still could n't help owning it . Once you meet the Apple , there is no turning back .
 Although it perform as a two buttons mouse , it is mechanically a single button mouse . If you are a long time mac user , you should be use to putting one finger on your mouse . Therefore should have no problem adopting to this mouse . But if you are like me , already switch to using multi buttons mouse years ago . It take sometime to get use to using one finger again . The sensors in the mouse are very precise , I have yet no problem mistakenly doing a unwanted-right-click with it . If you are not using OS 10.4 , you should get USBOverdrive . It let you config each button individually . Bottomline , this mouse is the best mouse from Apple so far .
 Windows recognized it as a regular scroll mouse.Very sensitive and smooth.Will be great if the squeeze and horizontal scrolling works in Windows.The cord is very short -LRB- about 50cm -RRB- so you will need extensions if you want to use it on a desktop .
 I love this mouse . it is so simple and easy to use . people complain that the side buttons are hard to press but they are n't . If you have Mac OS X 10.4.3 Tiger or above you do n't have to install the drivers off the disc , just plug-n-play . When i first got it , i scrolled so much in Safari , i froze the app , a very hard thing to do . the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because yesterday the scroll ball would n't scroll down but with a quick search on the apple discussion boards , i was able to get it working in no time .
 I absolutely love this mouse . As I did n't get it from the store , my dad gave it to me , I only have a few complaints . I have noticed that if you push hard on it sometimes , it will trigger the mouse to activate the dashboard for some odd reason . The scroll wheel is also great cause you can easily navigate pages that have both horizontal and vertical scroll bars , however , sometimes after a lot of use , it wo n't scroll down . I have just wiped it with my sleeve and it works fine again . Besides these 2 complains , this is a great mouse to use and will use it till I get enough money to get a magic mouse .
 This product is just what I wanted for 1/2 the price . And it arrived in a day ! I was thrilled .
 The track ball can be cleaned and it will work again . It is really very hard to clean the track ball system and then put it back together again but I just did it . Really great mouse .
 I have always disliked the Apple made mice ! Always used a Microsoft mouse on the Mac.But this Might Mouse I really like . I have the wireless and wired versions.Never had a problem with right and left clicking . The two buttons on the side I never use .
 This is a great and it made just my hand or I think it was . All the buttons are easy to get even the side ones . The wheel is awesome and i use it ball the time when I am on the web . It is my first outial mouse . It is perfect for gaming too . Skully124 , Out
 I am happy that apple has finally made a two button mouse . . but there is two problems I have with it1 . When you click the right button it sometimes gives you a left click if your fingers are down to far2 . Apple could have made it easier to use the left and right side buttonsAs another reviewer stated ... function over form
 It 's good , but not perfect . the scroll wheel is convenient . the squeeze buttons are handy , but the right click/left click `` button '' takes some getting used to . It is n't intuitive to use . The cord length is a little short for right-handed users with powerbooks or ibooks -LRB- the usb port is on the left -RRB- . It 's functionable , but not the best mouse available for apple users.If possible , purchase this refurbished from the bargain bin at an apple store -LRB- last weekend of every month -RRB- , or via the apple website .
 My iMac bit the dust recently and while it 's being repaired , I 'm having to use my iBook more than ever . The track pad is driving me nuts ! On my iMac , I use the 4-button Kensington trackball , which I love ... but in the seating arrangement I have with the iBook , the Kensington was a bit too high in altitude from the screen and impractical.I am loving this little mouse ... mostly that scroll ball , which is the coolest little scroller I 've ever used . To quote Linda Richman , `` it 's like buttah ! '' It is so velvety smooth and so well placed , it takes no wrist movement or strain to scroll the night away in any direction.Every other scroll wheel or ball I 've ever encountered is either an up/down or left/right scroller , never both - but this one does it all , even diagonal ! This is very handy in iPhoto or even Excel.The mouse loses a star for the squeeze buttons on either side . This is obviously something that Apple has planned for a long time . The same scalloped button shapes were on all other mice for the past few years , just not functional . The squeeze buttons on the Mighty Mouse are n't that easy to use . The positioning is awkward because it takes a lot of force to squeeze which is practical for opening a jar , not for repetitive mouse movements . It 's not something I 'm going to miss terribly , though ... and I suppose it 's a compromise so I do n't engage the squeeze by accident.I made the switch from Windows in 1996 , but I still find myself having to use that godforsaken platform from time to time and the one thing I do appreciate is the right-click ... for this reason , I have never made use of the one-button mice that have come with my Macs over the years - I have a drawer full of them . I really did n't want to use a one-button mouse for my iBook , either ... then I tried the Mighty Mouse and knew this was going to be my iBook mouse.I wish there was a keyboard toggle where the scroll ball could be turned into a trackball off and on , so I could track the cursor across the screen and then use it to scroll.I do n't know what the lifespan of this gizmo is . It is a physical scrolling ball and while there is very little space for debris to get in there , you know that dust , tiny hairs and skin oils are going to collect in the mouse 's innards - and it does not appear to be serviceable . Apple does include a 1 year limited warranty ... so if it lasts one year , cost of ownership is just over 7 cents per day.The right-click is not set by default , and once set , takes some discipline regarding where your fingers are on the mouse.Apple seriously needs to come out with a bluetooth wireless version of this mouse , but for now , I 'm happy . Applause to Apple for making the mouse compatible with Wndows XP and 2000 . While I try to avoid the Windows platform , sometimes you just ca n't escape . It 's nice to know that the iPod is n't the only piece of Apple hardware I can use with Windows , or Virtual PC .
 Bar none , this is THE best mouse ever built . This mouse is the perfect bridge between the human brain and the computer brain . Its simplicity and intuitiveness make computing a sheer joy . As an audiophile and videophile , it is THE mouse for horizontal and vertical scrolling , with fully programable buttons for right clicks and squeeze clicks . There is a small learning curve in understanding the squeeze click and Expose 's potential is n't fully realized until more than 4 apps are open and running.Pros : - Right/Left Click-Horizontal/Vertical Scroll-Squeeze click for Expose -LRB- or others -RRB- - Scroll click for Dashboard -LRB- or others -RRB- - No batteries-Plug and play for MacCon : - You 're still reading this .
 I own the mighty mouse since september 2005 because I saw the advertisements in the apple site and I said hey it will work for me because I have been using a microsoft mouse with my ibook and I felt like `` if only apple had a mouse with two clicks '' beacause the thing of pressing `` control '' key to have access -LRB- to the right click -RRB- was annoying and uncomfortable , so it looks like apple finally said `` ok we 'll do it '' and as they always do they designed a mouse with the personality and originality of apple , and the mighty mouse is a reality and a very cool thing because maintaining the `` one buttton look '' it recognizes both left and right click YAY !! -LRB- that is what I said when I first saw it -RRB- but not only that it has an extra button in the side of it that you can program it to open whatever you want for example the dashboard , and how can I forget the little scroll ball over it ! wow it obviously leaves behind the classic scroll wheel in the rest of the mouses , as you already know it works up and down but also left and right and diagonally , you can use this feature while in the internet , while browsing your folders , and also inside the softwares ! . In the fisrt time I used it I was afraid that it did n't work well in softwares as photoshop , because I need a lot the right click and the feature of moving left and right and you know what ? it works perfectly it does not has problems of response or something , now I love it and it combines with my ibook and any mac you use , and hey it looks good ! . Please do n't be afraid of buying it because after 2 months of using it and not only for the internet but in many softwares it works perfectly .
 After reading through all the reviews I felt I should post my own since my experience seems a bit different than the majority of the others . I do n't have an issue with any of the common complaints : The cord is the same length as the standard optical mac mouse I had before . I plug it right into my apple keyboard so length is a non issue.The side buttons do n't seem that hard to squeeze to me -LRB- and I 'm no Hercules -RRB- and the positioning seems about right . I use them to call up eXpose which I do n't do repetitively during normal use so I have n't noticed anything to complain about and certainly nothing close to what I would call fatigue.The right click is perfect - I did n't have to get used to it at all . I think that I pick up my left finger when I right click anyway . I also did n't have any problem with the positioning of the sensors . I placed my fingers all over the mouse -LRB- to test the positioning -RRB- and it was always accurate - a click touching the right side of the mouse was always registered as a right click and vice versa.The scroll wheel is spectacular . It 's texture and movement is quite different than windows mice I have used in the past but not in a bad way . It seems to be made of soft rubber but when you move it it seems to vibrate extremely rapidly giving it a feeling you do n't quite expect . It almost tickles -LRB- but not really -RRB- . It does make a noise -LRB- something like running your finger quickly over a textured fabric -RRB- but much less noise than the scroll wheel on windows mice which have a lower frequency rubber against rubber noise usually . It 's a higher pitched noise -LRB- which sticks out because I 'm not used to it -RRB- but in terms of volume I think it 's much less noise than other mice . I 've found that the scroll speed is very easy to control.Compared to the standard mac mouse I was using earlier , I like the clicking action better and the way the mouse moves over my desktop surface . I ca n't really describe why though . The mighty mouse seems just a hair lighter but still has a higher quality feel to it.I do n't know if Apple designed this mouse for people with my size hand and mouse habits but I 've got to say that I have no complaints with it and do n't understand the majority of other peoples complaints . To me , it 's the perfect mouse.In terms of value ... Apple stuff is never cheap but it is always high quality . This probably is n't the best value in mouses out there but for people like me -LRB- who are more interested in quality that price -RRB- value is a non issue .
 Might Mouse is on it 's way!It 's about time that Mac came out with a multi button mouse.I especially like the scroll ball . Being able to scroll left and right in addition to up and down is awsome.I also like the `` right click '' ability instead of holding down the command key and then clicking.The only complaints I have are about the programibility of the side buttons . You can set them to do many things except move back and forth through your web browser , and both the left and right are programed to do the same thing . So the left and right buttons are actually one button . However you can program any of the 4 button on this mouse any way you want.Is it worth $ 50.00 ? I do n't know , that 's for you to decide.Not being able to forward or backward through the web browser is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars . Otherwise Mighty Mouse would have gotten 5 stars .
 I have always used multi-button mice . I tried to adapt to a single button interface with OS 9 , did n't work out . So I ended up using USB Overdrive so I did n't have to do keyboard/mouse key combos . OSX has multi button support , now finally Apple put out a mouse to match . Before I switched to the Mighty Mouse I used a Logitech multi-button mouse . It was OK did n't seemed to mesh perfectly with my system & the tracking quality was not reliable my cursor would occasionally jump all over the screen for no reason.With the Mighty Mouse I have had no problems with the tracking it is ultra smooth & responsive . It did take a little bit to get used to right clicking with this mouse now it seems second nature . The track ball definately makes this mouse worthwhile , it is soft & very responsive.The only negative is trying to use this mouse with Firefox for Mouse Gestures such as right then left click quickly so can go back a page in the browser . Although if I roll the trackball left it will go back in history & right go forward in history . It made Firefox a bit annoying to use with the trackball because it is to easy to accidently go back/forth in history when simply trying to scroll up or down.Overall this is a good mouse & bonus for mee it seems to help with my carpal tunnel in my wrist because the mouse is a flatter design that the standard PC mouse .
 Let 's all get together and scream `` it 's about time ! '' . Ok , so Apple waited until the technology caught up with their undeniable style . Well here it is and it 's great . As you can see from these reviews , it 's up to you and how you use a mouse that will decide if it 's the right one for you . I have a 3-button MacAlly mouse which is great . But I have to say the styling and technology behind the Mighty Mouse is greater.The scroll wheel is insane , and for some reason most people are omitting the fact that it 's also a button , the 3rd button . It works the same as the other two touch sensitive `` buttons '' . It 's all one button but does something differently depending on where your fingers are . The scroll button works like a charm even when you have your fingers on both sides of it , just click and it works . I 've found the best use for the 3rd button is in Safari using tabbed browsing . If you do n't use tabbed browsing , go to your preferences in Safari , click on tabs , enable tabbed browsing . The default for the 3rd button is great with this . Do a search in the Google bar in Safari . When the search results pop up , instead of clicking on one , reading it , clicking back , clicking on the next ... do this - click on each link that sounds interesting to you with the SCROLL button . You 'll notice after the first click , the page will jump down slightly and you 'll see tabs at the top of the page with the titles of your links . -LRB- Scroll Button -RRB- Click on a bunch , your Google page stays in front , while all those links load in separate tabbed pages for you ! Just -LRB- left -RRB- click on the tabs to view each page.Now there is a 4th button on the mighty mouse , I 've found it works best when you push in only on the button your thumb rests on . It seems to be a little harder squeezing both at the same time . It takes a little getting used to , but it 's great for dashboard or expose.If you 're unsure , of course go to your Apple Store or Mac reseller and try it out there first . For me , it 's a winner .
 The Macintosh experience has long been characterized by efficiency and simplicity . The Apple Lisa and Apple Macintosh introduced the mouse , to the personal computer market in 1983 and 1984 . From early in the 1980s until early August 2005 , Apple made only a single-button mouse . Many Mac fans actually thank Apple , for the simple design . However , others have been demanding a multi-button mouse with scroll wheel , for years now . That dream became a reality on August 2 , 2005 , when Apple Computer Inc. introduced Mighty Mouse.However , Mighty Mouse is not your everyday mouse . It features the same shape and form as the Apple Pro Mouse . In fact , the Mighty Mouse makes only one `` click '' movement . The difference here is that a sensor in the Mighty Mouse detects whether the user is clicking the right or left side of the mouse.Primary & Secondary Buttons - The Primary and Secondary clicks work just like any two-button mouse on a Macintosh . In fact , Mac OS X has always worked great with two-button mice , but Mac fans had to use third party mice , if they wanted that functionality . Having a secondary button can save time if you want to use the mouse to bring up contextual menus that you previously had to `` control-click '' to access.The Scroll Ball - Apple took the scroll wheel to a new level , with their very own scroll `` ball . '' The scroll ball not only allows the vertical scrolling that we have all become accustomed to on the scroll wheel mouses , but it also allows horizontal scrolling , which can definitely be a time saver . Furthermore , the scroll ball has a good `` feel '' to it . Granted , the horizontal scrolling is a bit more difficult , since our fingers are longer than they are wide , you can not scroll as much horizontally in a single movement as you can vertically . However , the usefulness is still dramatic.Extra FeaturesThe Mighty Mouse does not stop at being a two-button mouse with revolutionary scroll wheel . If you are running Mac OS X Tiger -LRB- version 10.4.2 or above -RRB- , you can install the software that comes with the Mighty Mouse . The software allows you to customize the Mighty Mouse . You can change which side of the mouse is primary and secondary , if you 're left-handed . Furthermore , you can define tasks that are performed , when you click the scroll ball , or squeeze the side buttons . The default , plus probably more useful configuration , is to have clicking the scroll ball bring up Dashboard , with all your widgets . This creates a quick way to access Dashboard , without using your keyboard , or clicking the Dashboard icon in the dock . The side squeeze buttons are default set for Expose All-Windows , which is also very convenient and saves you , from pushing F9 . The scroll ball and side squeeze buttons can be changed to open your favorite program , if that suits your needs better.Overall , Mighty Mouse was well worth the wait . Apple has joined the multi-button mouse market , but they did not do so with your everyday boring two-button scrolling mouse . Apple has changed the mouse , with touch-sensitive clicking , a revolutionary scroll ball , and force detecting side-squeeze buttons . You will need Mac OS X Tiger , in order to fully appreciate all of the Mighty Mouse features . However , once you have the Mighty Mouse , you are sure to find yourself more productive than you were with a single-button mouse .
 As someone who has recently converted from PCs to Macs , I have not yet fully gotten used to the one button design of the Mac 's mouse . I 've been trying to use it , for my games , etc , but the menus I was accustomed to just were n't easy to access from what I was used to . At the same time I did n't want to ruin the Mac esthetic so I kept the Mac mouse , living and trying to adjust through its one button world ... I could n't adjust like I had hoped . This mouse was the answer to my problems . I specifically suggest this mouse to all recent PC to Mac converts , as well as all Mac owners looking for faster access to sub menus .
 Apple finally did , though there 's been a bit speculation about this for a couple of months now . Got mine today , and yes its much better that my old one . Not only the buttons and trackball , but the mouse seems to track better . The right click works great , no issues with touching the left side . The trackball makes a subtle sound when moving it , which add to the effect , very cool . Ok , now not so good , which has to do with the software , hopefully this will improve , but the button assign options are to few and not too useful , you can assign to Expose , Dashboard ... I which I could assign the assign buttons to go back and forward a page in Safari , things you get with other mice .
 It took about a year but it finally gave me carpal tunnel syndrome in both arms and hands . The expos&eacute; feature is really bad for that problem . I moved back to aLogitech Optical Marble Mouse -LRB- USB/PS2 -RRB- I once used for a while after buying aLogitech Trackman Wheel Opticalwhich did n't help . But after a few months using that trackball , the carpal tunnel returned so I 'm now back to limited use of a Mighty Mouse , trying to use more of Tiger Keyboard Shortcuts and the Universal Access Mouse Keys feature .
 Finally after how many years Mac user finally have a mouse that you can right click with , without having to use the darn keyboard too!This mouse is awesome - it lets you scroll up & down - and side to side , it also gives you access to expose , and your widgets by simply pressing the scroll button , or squeezing the sides of the mouse ! The shape is the same as the pro mouse so it is not a big change to those who has previously used the clear single button mouse . The price is a little steep I think but so worth it !
 Though I love the concept , this is the 2nd one I 've used as the lst one lost the ability to scroll ! Apple needs to beef up its mechanics .
 Very nice design -LRB- reminds me of Krystof Kintera 's art works -RRB- but it takes some practice to learn which place on the mouse corresponds to which button , especially if using all 3 buttons located on the top.Also , the Linux support for this mouse is somewhat mediocre - horizontal scrolling is not supported -LRB- yet -RRB- and there is no such dialog windows as on Mac OS X to set all mouse properties and behavior.Otherwise , it works fine , especially the `` scroll ball '' feels good .
 I just upgraded to a power Mac and wanted something simple for a mouse . This works out well for me and is so cheap that I could n't go wrong .
 Ok , when this came out I did not see what the big deal was , then my kid begged me to get one , after I tried it I was impressed . The pluses are slick design , left or right handed-no problem , easy set up . It looses a star for not being bluetooth wireless . Bad Apple wants us to buy these things now and in 2006 it will release the bluetooth version and I 'll have to shell out more moola-what 's new ?
 Do n't use alchohol to clean the track ball assembly , alchohol is corrosive and the improvement would be short-lived , use WB40 or similar , you do n't really want that alcohol getting anywhere near metal connections/contacts , I know Apple recommends alcohol for this job , are they drunk ? Just make sure you wipe the ball dry , petroleum products are not really good for rubber.Othewise it 's the best mouse i have ever had -LRB- I own the wired version -RRB- .
 This is the single greatest thing for a mac since plug and play.I love this thing ! A lot of people have written about how it sticks and the ball gets dirty . I will have to wait and see . But for now ... . I LOVE IT !
 This item replaces the one that came with my Mac Pro computer . Seller stated it came from a iMac . It works as promised . One thing I did n't know . The cable connecting the -LRB- iMac -RRB- mouse to the USB port is shorter than the one that came with the Mac Pro . Not seller 's fault . Just an Apple thing I guess . I have adapted .
 I think the Mighty Mouse is easy and comfortable to use and the buttons are well place . The scroll ball -LRB- though easily dirtied -RRB- is a must have and terrific for web navigation . The side buttons for expose are easily triggered and the right and left-click buttons are hidden but are used like any other mouse out there . Great product .
 I love the Mighty Mouse and feel I got it at a reasonable price . Thanks .
 Great but still wired ... and still like the transparent -LRB- original design -RRB- . About the functions its great ...
 All the buttons that were needed , it 's a fab mouse!i love the wheel .
 It 's good . I like it a lot . Order and delivery process was great .
 This is a very nice piece of work , Apple does it again the 360 degrees scroll is awesome .
 I shopped around for a while looking for a decent 5.1 receiver with HDMI ports . I was looking at this model at your typical electronics -LRB- CC -RRB- store for more . Thought it sounded great there but held off until further searching . Found it here for less.The sound is great . The surround sound is perfect . It has many features that I still have n't had time to play with yet . My old Klipsch Heresy 2 's rock out with this receiver . I am very pleased with it so far . 4/5 until I give it the complete testing .
 The Sony STR-DG510 has been a great addition to a growing home A/V setup . Front panel functionality leaves a lot to be desired but the capabilities and quality of this `` budget '' priced receiver are remarkable . The sound from every source is delivered virtually distortion free . The menus and programmability are not for the novice but the remote covers all of the options and directions are relatively easy to follow . This is an awesome 5.1 100W/channel receiver .
 I had a similar Sony unit and the audio failed with an internal short after 3 years . Sony would repair it for $ 124 , but I bought this new one for $ 154 and got 3 HDMI connections in the tossup.I 'm pleased with the performance and only hope it will last a bit longer than my old unit .
 I have n't complete the set of speaker but with 2 speaker i have , it sound beautiful .
 If you want to start a system thats affordable , and has great QUALITY . THIS SONY WO N'T LET YOU DOWN ...
 Purchased this device at Best Buy on `` Black Friday '' for $ 99.00 - what a deal ! After I went to Sony support to get help with the complex hookup -LRB- they were very helpful -RRB- I finally got the receiver up and running . Their instruction were right-on and the DG510 turned out to be a great purchase with outstanding performance . There might have been more choices for fiber optic audio , but the current choices work great .
 I 'm not into all the bells and whistles that a lot of stereos have these days . All I want is good sound coming out of my stereo speakers and the STR-DG510 does the job . There are a lot of features I still do n't use and I know there are a lot of better systems out there but they are also more money . For the price and my needs this is the perfect system .
 This sony media system is a bit on the older side -LRB- for 5.1 surround sound -RRB- but it still packs a good wollop . I have been very pleased with the ease of setting this system up , and the quality of sound that it delivers . I hooked up digital cable , and a HD DVD player to it without difficulty . Overall I am very satisified with the price and quality of this purchase ,
 The product was the lowest priced i found on the internet . i was a little apprehensive at first , but `` the money back guarantee '' was reassuring . The product arrived on time with a tracking number . Everything work just fine . Now my father in law is on top of the world !
 As a former owner of a htib who was once blissfully unaware of what I was missing in sound quality . I am very pleased with this receiver 's options and performance.I knew exactly what to expect buying this since a friend of mine already owned one and actually ` recruited ' me to set up and wire it with his new Sony speakers and new HDTV set and video games.I was so blown away with the sound quality and volume of his system I knew I had to get one ! See , I already had the same speakers he had but because his receiver was better than mine his speakers played louder and fuller than mine.I currently have the Sony ss-cn5000 for center and the ss-f5000 for fronts and an old pair of technics bookshelf speakers for rears . I will be upgrading my fronts to the ss-f7000 and moving the f5000 to the rear this week . I will then have a quality system that did n't cost more than a thousand but completely captivated my family and guests when watching programs in my home theater
 I did n't do any research on A/V receviers when I first started looking and got stuck with a crappy recevier . After I took it back to my local Best Buy , I actually started doing research on some . This one , I thought , was the best one for my situation . I 'm using some speakers from my Panasonic dvd surround sound system and it never sounded better . I did have to go buy a powered sub , but for -LSB- ... -RSB- it was worth it . The sound coming out of this unit is fantastic ! I 'm sure there are better , more expensive systems out there , but if you 're looking at this one then they 're not for you . I have my PS3 hooked up to it and could n't be more satisfied ! The only reason i 'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is for two reasons . First : It 's HDMI pass-through . Which means , video comes through the HDMI ports but no audio . You have to get an optical cable for the sound , no biggey . Second : The video has gone out 4 times so far . It 's real annoying when you 're playing Resistance 2 . Do n't know why it 's doing this , but I want a more expensive and better unit anyway . So i 'll be taking it back and upgrading yet again . My suggestion is , if it 's in your budget then get it . If you can afford a little more , then go with a better , more expensive unit .
 good , but kinda misleading . The audio does n't output through HDMI . But it does have 2 optical audio outs .
 My old receiver went unexpectedly on me ; I had planned to put some money aside and get something `` nice '' in the future . Funny how things work - `` nice '' was n't on my list for now - necessity was . I could n't be happier the way things turned out ! I saw all the other great reviews for this product on Amazon and they were right ! Very modest price , very big sound with plenty of crisp , clean power . The folks at Sony did it again with this baby . The folks at J&R Music World also knocked my socks off with an order placed on a Thursday night being received via UPS ground by the following Monday - unheard of in this line of business ! Got ta lot of extra money to waste on bells and whistles ? Look elsewhere . On a tight budget and want really good sound for your home entertainment system at a great price ? THIS IS IT !!
 This is a very good receiver , nice power , nice sound , very nice price ! You could do better but why spend all of that cash ? You have all of the hook ups you need and power to spare . I 'm very pleased !
 This thing is really the only one in it 's class with all the digital connections and options it has . The next comparable ones are $ 500 . My only complaint is that if you have a lot of stuff to connect , its really awkward to get everything set up . With my situation , my DVD player and TV are not the actual inputs on the receiver , but that 's what you get when you buy something like this for so cheap . Well worth living with that since you save so much money , Just write down what component is connected to the back and you 'll memorize it in no time .
 this thing comes with lots including a self calibrating mike . not done installing inwall system yet so how good is unknown . Wonderfull system . Installed for customer who wanted a dual room system but one reciever . Buy using speakersB in separtate room was able to listen to music in two rooms at the same time
 The product is great and is value for money.Its designed for the latest HD technology . If for use with other HiFi bought 3 years ago the audio input selection jacks may not be enough .
 I ca n't tell if it plays audio better than my previous Yamaha receiver but it does work well . The remote is easy to use . I was unable to get the audio passed through HDMI instead of coaxial or digital input . The under a hundred dollar price made it worth the purchase .
 Nice receiver with hdmi hookups . Video to tv hookup is straight forward and easy . Audio is a different story . Does not decode the hdmi sound signal to the speaker system , only to the tv set . Still have to turn down the tv volume or else you have all sounds coming from the tv as well as the speakers . Sometimes a slight delay causes a small echo if not turned down .
 Bought the Sony STR-DG510 as a home theater receiver for a media room . Added good speakers . With a new plasma 1080 TV , the sound in the room is incredible . For the money , this Sony is a bargain . Looked at the same unit in the stores and could not find it for the low price as listed in Amazon . Unit arrived within five days , and in new condition . Recommend this unit and group for anyone looking for a low cost option in a home theater system .
 First of all , I ca n't stand it when people rate decent products with 1 star . This product can be misleading , but is still a great value . Rating this product at 1 star because there are better , more expensive receivers out there is just foolish . This product is great ... for the price.Good luck finding a receiver at this price that has this many inputs and this feature set . No audio on the HDMI out ? Who cares ! The audio is supposed to go through the receiver anyway ! And for the guy who says this is n't good for the XBOX 360 ... hook it into the SAT input . That 's component video and optical audio . What 's the problem ? I 'm pretty sure no xbox 360 game supports 1080p yet anyway , so this is perfectly alright.One nice feature about this receiver is that it comes with a special microphone that hooks into the front . If you place the microphone near where you would normally be sitting , the receiver will adjust the speaker output to optimize the surround sound.All the negative reviews I 've seen here are unjustified . This is a great product for the price . You will not find another receiver in this price range that compares . I 'm very happy with it ... now all I need are some decent speakers and a powered sub .
 Length :
 I would have to say that I am extremely happy with this purchase . I bought two , one for bedroom and one for living room and ended up not using one of them because I bought an HTIB . However , for the money you just ca n't beat this receiver . It is very powerful for a 5.1 and unless you are a complete audiophile who spends hundreds upon hundreds of dollars on speakers then this receiver is right for you.I noticed some people were complaining that there is no sound via the HDMI and they are correct . However , with that being said even the $ 600 Onkyo receivers do not pass audio via HDMI , only video . It is n't a problem anyhow , considering the fact that you can run a $ 10 optical or Coax cable and get very good quality sound from it . This sounds great with video games , PS3 and Xbox 360 with the right speakers , but provides plenty of power.All in all you ca n't go wrong , do n't waste your money on more expensive receivers .
 We purchased this receiver to replace a Sony STR-DE335 5.1 analog receiver and to pair with a Hitachi 57 '' projection 1080i HDTV - model 57F59A , a Panasonic DMR-EZ475V DVD Recorder , and an XBOX 360 using a KLH HT-9900 6-Piece Home Theater Speaker System . My initial impression is that for the money , I 've done about as well as I could possibly do to integrate all these components through an economical receiver . When comparing sound output from both receivers , I 'd say that the new Sony sounds slightly better than the old one because of digital sound processing but it takes a slightly higher volume setting out of the new one to power speakers purchased in late '97 -LRB- which still sound great -RRB- even though all the speakers are now directly connected to the receiver . -LRB- In the past I had to wire for a passive sub woofer in which the front speakers are wired through the sub . -RRB- While the audio improvement is not as great as I had anticipated , it 's hard to find fault with the new receiver . One thing I did was to upgrade my sub woofer . My KLH passive sub woofer really underperformed when powered by this new receiver so I went with a Sony SA-W2500 10 '' sub woofer . This turned out to be a perfect complement to my existing speaker system . I run this all in an `` open room '' meaning there 's only one wall to place everything against but with no sense of enclosure because the room 's other walls are far away . I trust Sony 's auto calibration feature to optimize the sound for my room environment . Despite the less than ideal setting it really sounds quite good . In the end and for the money , you 'd be hard pressed to find a better , economical 1080i receiver .
 As other reviewers said the HDMI 's do not carry the audio . No issue for me , I used HDMI for video and optical for audio . For my first 5.1 setup this receiver is great . The sound is really good for the price . 500 watts more than fills the 15x20 viewing room . I have 3 way CerwinVega -LRB- 12/4/2 -RRB- in front / Mission bookshelf -LRB- 6/6/2 -RRB- in rear and Bose VCS-10 center . Setup was easy . Auto calibrate got me close . Still needs a little tweaking to get dialogue consistent . Navigating the menus is a little counter-intuitive but the unit came with a manual that is not bad . Someday I will buy a better receiver but until then I am very happy with this purchase .
 I did some research before I ordered this inexpensive Sony A/V Receiver and overall I am quite impressed . For the $ 178.00 -LRB- free shipping too ! -RRB- that I paid for this thing , it is a very good value . I realize there are much better alternatives , but not anywhere near this price . If you are like me , and have two HDTV viewing areas in your home , it gets pretty old to buy components that cost an arm and a leg . Be forwarned
 This Sony amp is a great addition for a bedroom setup or in a smaller viewing room . Connections are simplicity itself , and the auto speaker configuration is a great help in spaces where standard speaker placement is not an option .
 I agree with the gentleman from New Jersey . It would be unjustified to expect high-end options on a unit that is bargain priced . I have done quite a bit of research before purchasing this unit , and you can not beat the overall package for the price ! Most of the options found on this bargain unit can only be found on mid to upper level unit of competing brands . This unit sounds is excellent , and will be sufficient for most of us looking for a reasonable A/V tuner , but not willing to take a second mortgage on the house to do so . In fact , when comparing units at the local electronics store , I nearly skipped over this unit because of it 's low price , thinking the unit would be too low end . Was I surprised ! Comparing this unit side by side with units costing well over twice the price , I saw -LRB- heard ? -RRB- no discernable difference . Realizing I am not a audio junkie , this unit serves me and my family just fine .
 I bought this AV receiver a week ago to make my own stereo set to listen to my ipod instead of ipod hi-fi which do n't sound better than my stereo set . It certainly works well with my bose 201 direct/reflecting sound system ! I do n't know what other guy said about `` not working well with bose '' ... pros : VERY AFFORDABLEHDMI connectivityfuture expension possible * additional speakers/cd players/etc . cons : no XM radio -LRB- even tho I never listen to radio -RRB- HDMI connectivity only works up to 1080i instead of 1080p available on sony 's $ 100 more expensive version of this AV receiver.overall , a great buy but I suggest you to look @ yamaha 's set of AV receivers before choosing this ...
 My aunt and uncle recently got a cheap 32 '' LCD HDTV . The built in speakers were horrible . A few months ago , they also got a great deal at a garage sale on some old Bose speakers not realizing they needed a receiver to have surround sound , so they sent me shopping for one to fit their budget . I purchased the DG510 for them and it sounds amazing . They are using it primarily for an HD cable box and their son 's PS3.They are also using it as an HDMI switch . Really the only negative about this with their setup is that the optical audio inputs are not assignable for different channels . Therefore , they have the HD cable box hooked up on the `` DVD '' channel with a digital coax audio cable while the PS3 is hooked up on `` Video 2 '' with the digital optical audio cable . The receivers from other brands I looked at on which you could assign the optical audio inputs to any channel were about $ 100 out of their budget . This is only a minor nitpick since it still sounds great .
 I built a home theater with all Sony products and it 's great . I have more than I need with this receiver and the price was good .
 Sony STR-DG510 Home Theater ReceiverI needed a basic entry level receiver/amplifier for my surround sound home theater . This item fit the bill - it was cheap , and has great sound . I particularly liked the fact that it automatically balances your speakers , and that it chooses the best dolby mode for your input . Has all the right inputs and outputs that you could think of .
 Hey , you get what you pay for . And it has HDMI inputs , which is something you usually do n't see at this price point . The auto calibration mic actually works pretty well , and set speaker levels for my small room . The only drawback would be the lack of Coax digital inputs .
 Not bad for the price.I also got the $ 99 deal on Black Friday . It is fine for my second surround system for the new 26 '' Sony HD TV . I like 5.1 and needed the A/B plus HDMI - It would of been nice to have the Audio Signal but no matter I have so many cables I got my Digital sound anyway.I got All Sony Matching speakers and the W250 Sub for it.They all match . For the money I cant complain . If you want serious power Look to spend more like I had to in my Theater room , But You need to read the specs not the prices first.To get the sound you want Match your Speakers with the Power amp and hope the room acustics give you what you want .4 Stars because No HDMI Pass through ! otherwise Fine for the price .
 Great piece of hardware but I could not use it with my `` Antique '' Audio/Video system . Returned it without a hassel .
 I have a S2110 laptop , and the stock battery did not last for more than a year . The Fujitsu dealer in Hong Kong wanted an arm and a leg for a new battery , so I bought the Lenmar instead . So far , it has been through at least 20 cycles , and there has been no sign of losing life . At this price , I could afford 3 or 4 Lenmars before paying for a OEM battery .
 There is n't much to say , the cable does exactly what it 's supposed to and is working flawlessly connecting the HTPC in the living room to my router in the bedroom . I 'm able to send data across it at 100Mbps so I 'm happy with it .
 Unless you 're going all out with a home theater budget in excess of $ 10k , this receiver should do everything you need it to do . Excellent sound right out of the box -- should improve with break-in . Very good match for my B&W 602 S3s . I 'm not running a true surround set up just yet , only 2 channel . But it does a very good job with movies and music with only the 2-channel set up . I used to run a vintage Marantz receiver . The Yamaha is clearer , more open , transparent than the Marantz , but does not quite have the same bottom-end response . My next addition will be a plasma screen . And with this receiver , you can get a bare-bones screen as it converts all of the video signals to component out , as well as provides sound .
 If your just trying to connect something simple than this is the product you need , a great bargain and works good .
 These headphones sound great , do a terrific job of noise control and are much more reasonably priced -LRB- when compared to Bose -RRB- . The only thing I would consider a downside is that they seal around the ear so well that it can get a bit warm inside the ear cup with extended use . But that is a minor nit-pic compared to the value .
 I purchased Logitech Noise-Cancelling Headphones for use while mowing my lawn . I mow about 5 Acers with a with 60 '' wide Dixie chopper ; a bit loud!The Noise-Cancelling technology cut out a good portion of low and med range , enough that when I hooked It up to my ipod I could here it pretty good even at a moderate level . A good bang for the buck .
 I just got these headphones today and they are simply awesome ! I have a box fan running in my room on high and I put these on and ca n't hear the fan at all . The sound from these headphones are awesome and the price ca n't be beat . I would believe everything good you 've heard about these headphones . I do n't know about the sturdiness issues yet but they seem like they are built quite well so far :-RRB- .
 I was hoping that these headphones would rock like online sites said and other ppl 's reviews said . They are decent . They do the noise cancelling job as far as I can tell . They just are not that comfortable . They squeeze on my jaw too much . If they fit nicer , they would have gotten a 5 . I 'd give them a 3.5 to be honest . But they seem to be constructed and work fine . So if they fit your face , you 're probably cool .
 For the price they are a bargin ! sound is excellent and the noise cancelling really works ! they are comfortable enough to wear for long periods of time . Would purchase again .
 I was a little skeptical when buying these headsets . I tried a friends Bose noise canceling headsets and was amazed how much room noise it quiets down , but I was n't prepared to pay $ 300 for headsets . When I received my Logitech headsets and tried them in the same location as I tried the Bose and the performance was identical .
 I 've only had these things for about three weeks and have n't used them on a plane yet , but sofar so good . The sound quality is pretty good , I 've watched a few dvds on a portable dvd player while wearing them and they havent been any more or less uncomfortable than other big `` cushion '' headphones I 've owned in the past.I 'm being very careful with these things because I 've read that they can break pretty easily . I can see the plastic swivel mechanism on the earpieces snapping under a light amount of stress , they seem fairly cheaply made . Why could n't the company put some metal in this obvious stress point ? I guess that 's the way things are made today . Anyway , that means they get disassembled -LRB- the wire that connects the headphones to your audio source can be removed from the headphones and is stored separately -RRB- after each use and they go back in the semi-hardshell case.I like the case . It has a little pocket that holds my 2nd gen video Ipod , and it will probably hold a powerbar or other small snack as well so I can see myself taking just that case out of my carryon bag for an airplane flight.One thing I 've noticed , and this is something you 'd have to be careful about ... when you have noise reduction turned on , if you `` smush '' the earphone cushions into your ears by applying pressure with your hands , when you let go , the headphones will emit one of the loudest , eardrum-shattering screeching noises you 've ever heard . I think this is the noise cancelling feature trying to cancel out the sound of the air rushing back into the cushions , but it gets feedback or something . Luckily I had it on low volume when this happened to me so it did n't do any damage.All in all they are pretty good . A little tighter than another pair of noise cancelling headphones I 've owned in the past , but all in all they do the job I was hoping they would do .
 This is a great product for the price ! These are great and block out a lot of background noise . Screaming kids on the plane and talkative passengers will no longer be a bother ! Comfortable , great sound and love the price !! I am thinking of buying a second pair so my husband is n't left out .
 These are very nice headphones . They are very good on sound and also are very comfortable . I just used them on a trip over Easter on a plane trip and they worked great .
 I have used these on 2 separate plane trips and they work great . I can not believe they are on $ 49.99 . I was hesitant to buy these but read more great reviews for these than any other headphone set . The Bose are the worst off and they are the most expensive . I would recommend these to everybody .
 Logitech Noise-Canceling HeadphonesI bought these headphones after reading many positive reviews and they do n't disappoint ! The sound is excellent and the noise cancellation is very good . Comfort is also very good and I wear mine to listen to audio books and music for several hours at a time . The carrying case is great for storing or travelling and also has a convenient inner pouch to store your mp3 player . These headphones are high value for money !
 Work perfectly for a noisy suite with 5 other guys . Excellent . Shipped very fast as well .
 This was an excellent value . Good volume , good noise cancelation , comfortable , and inexpensive to buy . All in all an excellent value !
 For the price , these headphones work well and they come with a great zipper case that holds my MP3 player and accessories . They will not work without the battery , however . I have a big head and find them comfortable enough to wear for 3-4 hours . OK , they 're not Sennheisers , but the sound is very good.I have n't tried them on an airplane yet . I expect they will keep me from the pounding headaches I 've had from engine noise .
 These noise-canceling headphones do everything they claim to do AND are super-comfortable . What more can you ask for ? The sound is AMAZING ! You can wear these for hours without discomfort .
 These headphones did a good job of noise-canceling for the relatively cheap price . While they were pretty bulky , this actually helped to cancel the noise . Plus when you have the feature turned on , there is a red light that glows . This is particularly useful when you go to put them away and realize they are still on .
 For the money , I am very pleased with these headphones . They do a great job of cutting out exterior sound and the sound was very good as well . I use them both when I fly and when I mow and it really cuts down on the engine noise so I do n't have to crank the music that I 'm also listening too . The reason I gave these 4 stars and not 5 is that after 2 years , the sound went out on one side of the headphones so now I just wear my earbuds underneath , but they still do a great job of canceling background noise.I would definately recommend these .
 In the store i was able to compare a Bose noise canceling vs the logitech -LRB- which was at the time a newly released headphone -RRB- and were a little more expensive at $ 130 than the Bose at $ 120 . The sound presence was notably better for Logitech than Bose and the base was tighter . Also with the noise cancel off the Logitech blocked out more noise than the Bose so it naturally did better when you switched in noise cancel than the Bose . The fit was comfortable on both but the Bose was lighter which probably is the reason why Logitech did better at blocking noise . Mine came with a travel case and I have no issues with durability.These were going on TigerDirect for $ 39 last year . I paid $ 130 3 years or so . I 'm astonished to see them selling now $ 150 !
 I am very happy with the produce.I work in a very noise office and it helps so much.Don ' t expect it to cancel everything since a lot of the noise you hear is from that hard bone behind your ear . FYI
 I am very pleased wiht these headphones they are a great value and rival the much more expensive BOSE phones . I have used both and rate these as good as the BOSE . I have put these to the test during several flights and they are truly a delight canceling most of the jet engine noise you would normaly hear.I highly recommend these to anyone who is not brand driven and just wants a product that works well and does what it promises .
 I use these headphones with my clix 2 and not many complaints here . The cord is kind of long but I can deal with it . Decent sound . The only caution that I give is to avoid turning on the headphones while wearing them and music is playing . Also , when batteries start to go it can cause some weird , loud noises .
 The sound insulation on these are great . My cell phone is LOUD . I ca n't here it when I have these on and playing music . I ca n't hear cube mates . I 'm in my own little world when I put these on . It 's great .
 Logitech Noise-Canceling HeadphonesA VERY GOOD PRODUCT ESPECIALLY AT AMAZON 'S LOW PRICE !!
 I love my headphones . The Logitech headphones are the first quality headphones I have purchased , and they are great . I use them all of the time , and they are great for the kids . . as other headphones typically just fall right off their heads . These are perfect , and affordable .
 Really enjoy the headphones . Works well on airplane and nice quality for the price.My son seems to like them as well especially when he watches his movies on car trips with his noisy younger brothers.If they go on sale again , I may purchase another pair .
 I bought these on sale , so for less than $ 50 I got great headphones . Used them on a long flight to South America and have no complains . I compared them to more expensive Sony headphones and these did n't hurt my ears . It comes with a nice case , although not compact , it stores them nicely . My six year old daughter also wore them during the flight and did n't complain that it hurt or anything .
 I had a pair of Aiwa noise cancelling headphones for many years , but they finally broke from fatigue . I did some research regarding an acceptable replacement , and I found several comments that referred to the Bose model as being the `` gold standard , '' but I wanted to continue reviewing my options . There are some other cheaper ones -LRB- cheaper in both price and functionality -RRB- that I considered as well , including one like I had previously . In the end , though , I bought this one , and I am VERY glad I did . It dampens external noise amazingly well , reproduces sound faithfully , and balances this into a relatively economical package . I am very glad I bought this , and I might need to buy another one given how difficult it to pry it out of my children 's hands !
 I received the first pair and there was a short in the connection . Amazon Immediately sent me a new pair -LRB- Great service by Amazon !!! -RRB- and they are fantastic . The noise cancelling works in general background noise but is amazing when I am out cutting the grass . I just took them on a plane trip and heard none of the usual engine hum , crying babies or loud talkers . They fold up neatly in a travel case that I was easily able to pack into my computer case . Excellent product .
 This is my first noise cancelling headphones . I initially was inclined towards bose but did n't want to spend 300 bucks on it . I read reviews about Logitech , Panasonic and Sony . Logitech had great reviews and decided to go with this . I got this couple of days ago and it is great . Fits my ears perfectly and i could hear the ambient noise fade away once i turn on the switch on the head phones . For the first few minutes , my ears felt plugged -LRB- the feeling you get when a plane takes off or lands -RRB- . Once i got used to that , it has not bothered me at all . I am enjoying this new gadget and definitely recommend this .
 I think these sound great , and the sound quality is very good . They are wonderful , and very comfortable , on airplanes.My only gripe is that , even when folded flat , they are kind of big , and the carrying case is bulky .
 After reading some of the reviews here that go from terrible to awsum , I felt i needed to put my two cents in . I have a set of Bose phones that are used all the time and are clearly the best noise cancelling phones on the market . I bought the Logitechs to use at work to cancel out the motormouths that work around me . The logitechs do this extremely well . The noise cancelling is at least as good as the Bose phones . When you flip them on the ambient noise disappears ! Nice ! In terms of the sound quality they are not as good as the Bose , but they are probably 90 % there . Sound is well balanced with the high end a little subdued but still perfectly acceptable . I 'm still on the first battery so I ca n't comment on battery life , but AAA batts are cheap . Tiger Direct -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- ships amazingly fast . I got these two days after ordering even after ordering late in the day . I would recommend these to anybody who does n't want to fork over the $ 300 for Bose . These are nearly equivalent -LRB- right down to the carrying case , which is as nice -RRB- to Bose at 1/6 the price .
 Just used these on my first flight , and they we 're very good . I 've never tried and Bose ones , but with noise-cancelling turned on and my iPod playing , practically all I could hear on the plane was music -LRB- and muffled announcements -RRB- - almost no engine noise , no talking , etc. . I 've also used the JVC HA-NC100 , which are more portable , but the Logitech sound and isolation is superior .
 I came to Amazon looking for noise-canceling headphones because two other sets I bought -LRB- and soon returned -RRB- at local `` big box '' retailers proved too uncomfortable , with noise cancellation that was lackluster at best . Because I wear glasses , any headphones that pinch or press do n't stand a chance . This Logitech model is very comfortable , the ear pads are soft & nicely cushioned , forming a good seal without pressing harshly . The noise cancellation is excellent -- I can still hear certain things , of course -- but the background music , typing or TV in our shared music/computer room is greatly reduced . The sound quality is better than the Sony MDR-XD200 set and ear-buds I own ; I also tried the $ 200 + pairs at a local furniture superstore and am now convinced I got a great deal for my money -LRB- unlike if I had been silly enough to spend $ 200 + on headphones :-RRB- . UPDATE
 These headphones are amazing in how they block out noise . The sound quality is great too . When I turn on the noise cancelling while listening to music , it greatly enhances the sound and is like being in a room with an orchestra . There is a light hissing sound when the noise cancelling feature is on and no audio is input , but that is not bad . I compared these with Bose , and these are close in quality but far cheaper . They are comfortable for long term wearing also .
 I purchased two sets of these headphones , one for me and one for my wife . One set arrived dead on arrival due to a broken left earpiece . Other reviews commented on earpieces breaking , but I thought how flimsy could they be ? Pretty flimsy . You have to be very careful rotating the earpieces . Do n't pull on the earpiece when trying to lengthen or shorten the head band to adjust the fit to your head . You 're liable to break the swiveling connection on the earpiece . Apart from that weak point , the headset seems nicely constructed , comes in a very nice carrying case that protects them when not in use . They are comfortable to wear . The noise suppression is pretty good . It does n't shut out all external noise , but it does reduce the volume considerably . The sound quality is fine to my ear . It is heavy on the bass side , but I like that . It sounds deep and rich . For the price , it is certainly a good deal compaired to Bose . Just wish those earpiece connections were n't so fragile .
 I love these headphones . I have used them on 4 flights and they are awesome . While I was sitting in the back of the plane -LRB- by the engine -RRB- I hooked these up to listen to my MP3 player and I barely noticed the engine noise and my music was crystal clear ! When Not flying I use them in my den to watch TV late at night - the noise cancellation works fine there too . Occasionally -LRB- seldom -RRB- a little static is heard from nearby PDA 's , cellphonese and the like - but otherwise they are WONDERFUL . When you compare the price of these to the more expensive models -LRB- BOSE -RRB- they are an AWESOME buy !!!
 I had a bit of trouble with buzzing in the background at first , but then I figured out how to fix that . If you go into the advanced volume controls for your PC , mute the CD audio . The buzzing will cease immediately.The noise reduction works fairly well . It almost makes it impossible to hear the fan next to my desk . I can still hear noises in the room -LRB- such as my roommate talking , or a 3-ring binder closing -RRB- , but this feature lets me listen to music at a much lower volume level than without it.The headphones fit comfortably on me I like the over the ears rather than on the ears setup.The sound quality is good . It is comparable to the Logitech headset that I own with 40mm drivers .
 I found this product to be great . I rarely use the sound deadening feature because just having the headphones on greatly reduces the noises around me . The headphones are very comfortable and sound great .
 I bought the set to wear during flight . It 's perfect for that . I also bought it to wear while watching movies at home but I find the set a bit too heavy for that.The sound quality is great for me but I 'm not too picky since I have never had the best sound system .
 The noise cancelling can be used even in a quieter environment . When the noise cancelling is switched on , it comes on discreetly . Some noise cancelling headphones , when switched on , cause a sudden shockwave to the eardrums from the releasing of the sound pressure . It takes one AAA battery and has a blue indicator LED , which starts to blink when the battery is low . It works well with a rechargeable battery . The sound is good for this kind of tightly closed , over the ear earphone . The sound is not like the open Grado headphones , but they do n't reduce any noise at all . They have a tough carrying case with a place for a replacement battery and has a dual airplane type jack in its own pocket . Good deal for the price . These go for 100 EUR in Europe .
 For the money spent , I do n't think there is a better value . I 've used these headphones to mix music/voice recordings at my church with excellent results.Logitech Noise-Canceling Headphones
 I bought these as a gift for my brother who is an author and complained about distaction noises -LRB- gardners outside etc -RRB- . He says they work really well as noise cancelling as well as regular headphones .
 My wife and I bought a pair of these before flying from New York City to San Francisco , during Christmas holidays ' 07 . One pair for her , the other one for me , and we could n't be happier with that decision.If we had bought only one , we would have had problems sharing it.About the trip to SF , I must say that I have never had a more pleasant flight ever!They do cancel the low-range of sounds coming from the engines of the plane and you can really enjoy the music coming from your MP3 player.We also also use them everyday in the subway here in New York . With all the noise , and the loud and crazy people in the subway there 's nothing better to just block them out and focus on your music.The chord is n't too long and the headphones are n't too tight so you wo n't have problems with that either.What else can I say besides that they 're pretty damn good !
 I use the headphones in the gym which is just as noisy as the airplane . I have used it on the plane too.The pros
 I have used the Bose noise canceling headphones , but did n't like the price . This product has the same features , comes with a case , and airplane adapter.When you turn on the noise canceling you get the same effect you do from Bose , but for 300 less.Great Product Great price .
 These have very good noise cancelling , good audio quality , and a nice price . Sure , you can knock each attribute , but for the price , I doubt that you can find better . One thing , these phones have a detachable audio cord . So if you rip the cord out , the cord can be easily replaced . I like this product .
 I just wore these on a trip to China . Worked awesome on the airplane drowning out cabin noise . Made the trip much better . I was able to hear the movie much better than with my other ear buds . I have not tried the more expensive Bose units , but for $ 40 these were well worth the money !
 I really love these . I was considering the Bose that everyone has but at $ 299 I decided to give these a try . . So glad I did . . These work and have great sound . . Very pleased .
 These are one really nice set of headphones . They are very comfortable to wear . The sound as far a I am concerned is fantastic . When I am outside running my snowblower I can hear the music just fine . I have never owned a set of bose noise cancelling headphones but then again at $ 300 I could by 6 of the logitech .
 These headphones are pretty decent . The sound is n't the greatest , but I use them more for their noise cancelling properties ; and since you do n't need the cables for the noise cancellation , you do n't have to dangle any cords . They do in a pinch for listening to music , though . The only complaint I have is the detatchable audio cable they shipped with the product -LRB- for iPods , etc -RRB- is inferior and flimsy . I did n't even use it when I first plugged it in and the right earphone did n't work . I touched the cable and voila ! ... it worked again , but when I took my finger off the cable it went dead . The wires are detatched inside the covering , so I ordered other 3.5 mm cables for using with these headphones - cheap enough to get , just a few dollars apiece for the cables -LRB- Logitech did n't replace the one that came with the unit -RRB- . REVIEW UPDATE : November 2010 - I still have these and like other reviews here , the plastic did break over one of the ears -LRB- the right -RRB- . However , I really like these and ca n't find them for a decent price anymore so I simply took superglue and glued it back together . They broke again no too long after in another spot on the right ear -LRB- mainly because I was careless -RRB- but I glued that back together as well . The superglued areas seem stronger now than the rest of the plastic . If you really like these but they broke for you , I 'd recommend using superglue if you possibly can because it will add new life to them . But like me , just be a bit more carefull with them in the future ! : -RRB- I 'm still glad I purchased them .
 Well I have a friend that paid the 300 dollars for the BOSE headphones ... Man is he upset that mine work just as good as his and i only paid 40 bucks for mine ... He is now in the process of trying to return his BOSE to buy these ... The sound quality is great and they are very comfortable ... HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!
 Quiet , but when the volume is turned up the sound has distortion . Sounds Great when the volume is around 75-80 % . Very comfortable around the ear . The bose quiet comfort sounds slightly better . But for the price you cant go wrong ! Recommended .
 I have now tried four different brands except for Bose , and these receive the highest marks . They are comfortable for extended periods , unlike the on-the-ear style . The price is MUCH more reasonable than Bose . The sound quality is not excellent , but I would consider very good . Good design with a replace-able cord from any electronic 's store . I have not had any problems , and use them about every two weeks on flights . I would strongly recommend the product .
 I am very happy so far with these headphones , especially for the price . The noise-canceling feature is pretty amazing ; when you flip the little switch , ALL background noise disappears . I tested it by running a couple very loud fans along with my humidifier , and ALL that noise magically disappeared . However , some noises are just as loud with the headphones in noise-canceling mode ... voices on TV and my very loud puppy being two examples . This is the first pair of noise-canceling headphones I 've owned , so I was n't sure what to expect . I did n't expect them to totally drown out voices -LRB- and barking -RRB- , but I was hoping they 'd help , which they do n't ... which is why I gave 4 stars rather than 5 . I could see these being very useful in a setting like an airplane , with loud , constant background noise ... but somewhere like a noisy dorm with people yelling and loud music playing ... maybe not so much . One other thing ... these are very large headphones with a pretty big case ; maybe not suitable to throw in a purse or backpack for everyday use , but good for home use and traveling .
 I should start this off with saying , I have not tried the products that these Logitechs are directly competing with , mainly the Bose Quiet Comforts.The noise cancelling feature is amazing . At work there is a large air conditioner on the ceiling above me at work that emits a constant hum . If I put the headphones on with noise cancellation , this is all peacefully drowned out . If I was using other headphones , I would need to turn up the value to cancel it out , leaving me with a headache . I 'm sure the noise cancelling will come in to play even more when I use them on an airplane.For comfort these are also very nice . Super soft ear pads and very lightweight , probably some of the most comfortable headphones I have ever worn.Price compared to other headphones is high , but compared to other noise cancelling headphones , is a very good price.They come with a bigger square carrying case that holds the headphones , airline adapter , ipod , and a battery -LRB- in case yours goes dead -RRB- .
 These headphones are terrific . I used them on a 14-hour flight to Australia and back recently . They reduced the jet noise significantly and were so comfortable that I slept in them without any problems . With the background noise reduced , the volume on my Ipod was turned to a minimum , thus extending battery life . The AAA battery in the headphone was still good at the end of the vacation .
 These headphones were quite comfortable worn for long trans-Atlantic flights and I found the noise reduction to be very good . Having the ability to listen to the airplane audio stations with the adapter plug very helpful . I 'm not a sleeper on planes but using the headphones turned on , without anything else playing , made for more restful dozing , cutting out most of the noise . The storage case is nice to keep the headphones safe from damage . The battery life is excellent .
 Before purchasing these headphones , I had tried several different brands at several different retailers . Some of the brands I tried were Sony , Panasonic and , of course , the very expensive Bose models . After reading the product information on these headphones from Logitech and some of the other customer reviews , I decided to give them a try . Boy , and I glad I did . These headphones are awesome . I have used them on commuter trains , planes and in my own backyard and am 100 % satisfied . For the money , I think they are an excellent value . Maybe not quite as good as the Bose , but certainly close enough when you consider the price difference .
 Headphones definitely have good noise reduction.Like the fact that it uses a standard batterythat you can get easily.Would purchase again .
 I wanted to come back and edit this review . When I bought these they were giving them away through Tiger Direct , and they cost less than 40 dollars for a 235 dollar plus pair of headsets . So I jumped , and wound up buying 2 pairs . Others had complained about the swivel headband breaking , and I must admit that after 8 months of using them to do gardening and such , I came inside one day , and someone said something , and I abruptly pulled them off , and one of the ear pieces broke at the band . I know I can glue it , and it will work perfectly , just not swivel to be able to put it away in the case , but I do n't care about that . Even if I did not touch them again , I got 8 months of use out of these for a little over a dollar per week . I for sure will glue them . If I use the right glue , you wo n't even be able to tell they are fixed . Currently I am using the second pair that I bought . Now onto my original review.I was looking for an inexpensive set of noise cancelling headphones because I do gardening , trim the bushes with a gas operated trimmer , have an elaborate woodworking shop , and the planer is desctructively noisy , and I wanted something that would quiet that down , and be able to plug my iPod into.Of course I was looking at the Bose Quiet Comforts , but at 3 or 350 , they were outside of what I wanted to spend to get dusty in the shop , and sweaty working outside . So for the price I popped for the Logitechs . Boy am I glad I did . I was n't expecting much , since some of the reviewers were less than pleased with the sound . That is the advantage of people creating low expectations , then when you put them on , turn on the noise cancelling , which boosts the sound , and do n't expect much , then hear a symphony of sound , with sub-woofer like lows , great mids , and superb highs , you freak . What were they thinking ? :--RRB- Look I had a band that took top awards , -LRB- tied for first place in a 50 band , county wide rock and roll contest in high school -RRB- have more high end stereo gear then I care to admit , -LRB- replacement cost is nearing 15k -RRB- and I am telling you these things sound great for a pair of noise canceling headphones . What do you mean for a pair of noise cancelling headphones ? I have been studying this for a while now . In the professional stereo reviews , they state that , `` None of the noise cancelling headphones put out a quality of sound equal to a studio grade headset '' I have to agree with them there . I first bought a set ofSony MDR7509HD Professional Headphoneand the sound , and accuracy of those is another dimension . So if you are looking for just sound , without the noise cancelling feature , I highly recommend the Sony 's . As one of the reviewers stated , who is a recording engineer , `` He was never so impressed by a set of headphones , and that he would do a final mix with these , and he never thought he would say that about a set of cans , and he has been in professional audio for 20 years '' I could n't have said it better myself.Ok so let 's get back to the Logitechs , and enjoy great sound , and save our hearing when working around a lot of noise . Is the sound coming out of the Logitechs the same as coming out of the Sony 's ? Not really , but it is hard to make a qualitative analysis when it comes to sound . Some people like tons of bass , some people like a totally flat sound , they prefer music to be in the background , they often go for low efficiency speakers , and others want high efficiency , with full splashy highs , and full bass , which is more like the sound of these Logitechs . You wo n't be looking for the bass and treble knobs to turn up with these . I wear these as often as I wear the Sony 's . I love the both types of sound , and I appreciate the noise cancelling of the Logitechs . Ok let me get technical for a moment.The Logitehs have a swivel feature on the headband , and that enables them to lay flat in the very nice traveling case they come in . They only swivel one way , so if someone , not knowing that , tries to swivel them the wrong way they can break them with a lot of effort . Frustration sets in when someone may try to put them in the case , they wo n't go in without swiveling them , so they wo n't move one of the directions , and if forced to move , could break the mount in the headband . Is it possible that someone received a pair of these broken ? Sure . Is it possible that someone broke a pair in frustration , and wishes to bash the headphones , and return them for a refund ? Sure . I received 2 pairs , and they both are in pristine perfect condition , the headband swivel feature is tight , and accurate . No problems . These are more substantially built then the front runner of noise cancelling headphones . The cord that comes with them is detachable . You can unplug it from the headphones . What a great idea . The most common problem with headphones is people get up and walk away from a stereo , for example , and forget they have them on , and tug , or break the cord end jack . With these , any standard replacement din jack will do , or you could get a new wire . The slot opening that the jack plugs into , will not accept some larger plug though , so you have to be careful which replacement you choose . If they gave you a gaping opening , there would not be any support to prevent you bending the plug . They engineered it properly . I also like the fact that the wire in a single stereo wire , that is not a coil cord . I like to wear my iPod wire under my shirt , and park the iPod in my pants pocket , so no wires show . A coil cord would not make that practical . By the way when I am outside doing landscaping , cutting bushes , lawnmover and the like , I have been wearing the iPod earbuds , and the following problems ensue
 Very comfortable and relatively compact headphones . This is my first set of noise cancelling headphones , and the difference is quite noticeable . I do n't know how the technology works , but flip a switch and I 'm immersed in a movie or online xm radio . The battery slips into a well-hidden compartment on one of the headphones , so there is no extra bulk on the audio cord . Very cool design . The carrying case is a nice bonus . It holds the detachable audio cord very nicely with a velco strap , and there is a place for the airline adapter , an extra AAA battery , and a business card . A great purchase .
 My husband loves these things ! He says they block out most of the sound in his area of work , which is in a cubicle within a building . He uses them for private training videos and listening to music so as not to disturb his cubicle mates . He even uses them at home to block out his kids while he 's taking classes online .
 I 've come to admire Logitech for their quality and innovation . These headphones are the capstone to my experience with their keyboards , mice , PC speakers and AV remote controls . The overall build quality , materials and fit and finish are lacking compared to Bose headphones , but the noise canceling and full sound that comes through is on par , if not better . The travel case is adequately rugged and even has room to store your MP3 player of choice , along with a nice loop to hold a spare AAA battery . Well done Logitech .
 I bought these headphones for one reason and that is air travel . When it is time to snooze and I want some peace and quiet the noise-canceling cuts out all the noise . I would recommend these headphones to anyone .
 Bought these for my husband for Christmas and he and I have both used them on plane trips already . They cut the background sound significantly and the music quality is excellent . The headphones seem well constructed and fold neatly into the carrying case . The case seemed rather large at first , but it really is n't bad to carry in a carry-on bag , plus there is room to stow your iPod in the case . They are great and are priced right . I 'm glad I did n't spend $ 300 on the higher end models .
 The Logitech Noise-Canceling Headphones are very good for the price , the sound quality wo n't amaze you but they do their job well.This is my first pair of noise canceling headphones so I ca n't compare them to the other brands , but the headphones wo n't mute every sound . Sudden sharp sounds such as a person talking , or something falling wo n't be muted very effectively , but constant sounds such as AC or airplane engines will -LRB- I would imagine , have n't used it on an airplane before but heard good things about it -RRB- . This is without any music playing , because once you connect these to any devices you will hear virtually nothing but the music , witch is exactly what i got these for . The sound quality is n't fantastic , the volume will be low without the noise canceling on -LRB- because of the large magnets used for each speaker -RRB- but when you turn the switch on the sound quality will drastically improve . You get deep bass and sharp sounds , it 's still not the best by any means , but for the price it 's very tolerable . These would be best for a frequent flier or a person that has a lot of background noise at work or school , it 's excellent for libraries and such . If you just want amazing sound quality you should look elsewhere but if you fit in the previous descriptions this is a great product , and 40 dollars versus 150 + over the other noise canceling headphones is a great deal .
 Nice carrying case , with airline jack adapter , extra battery -LRB- for noise reduction circuit -RRB- , cord to connect to MP3 player , etc. . Can operate without cord -LRB- just noise reduction , worked great on recent airplane trip - dramatic difference in the low frequencies heard ... much better than with the headphones in the OFF position -RRB- . Comfortable earpads . Great value . I did not compare to Bose Quiet Comfort headphones , but these work great ... for 80 % lower cost . Recommended headphones .
 I bought these as a Christmas present for my husband for a replacement set for another brand of noise canceling headphones that fell apart and he loves these ! He works in a very noisy work environment and says these eliminate most if not entirely - voices , pagers , copiers , cell phones and other office noises . He is very thrilled with these and for the price , a very good buy ! I highly recommend these to anyone !
 Folks , these guys realy work . . But be aware , these are designed to cancel out Jet noise not your mother in law 's voice ... If you travel , wear these and you 'll arrive less fatigued than you would otherwise . In fact I used them continuously for 14 hours on my way from SF to Taiwan and damn ! They run on a single AAA battery . . Hows that for great performance ? .
 I 've been using the headphones in several plane trips and they really make a difference . Cancels airplane noise very well and lets you enjoy your ipod inflight without hissing noises . A very nice product for its price .
 the noise-cancelling ability is good but what really got me was the sound that comes out of these things . the bass is incredible -LRB- best ive ever head from headphones -RRB- and unlike earbuds and other headphones you can have them on for very long without them being uncomfortable . also the detachable cord and carrying case are nice features as well .
 I found these headphones very comfortable . . even on long flights . . like across the Pacific . And I found the Noise Cancelling qualities BETTER than my Bose headphones . A Great Product !!
 My primary reason to buy these was for air travel , and boy am I not disappointed ! The noise canceling is great , and I have tried my friend 's Audio Technica , these come in * very * close in their bass and noise canceling abilities . Definitely recommended for the price !
 I can not say anymore than these headphones are amazing ... the price via TigerDirect is sensational .
 The price was so good that we purchased 3 headphones . I really have n't used mine much , but my brother loves his . He uses his at his cubicle at work .
 I had a pair of Radio Shack noise cancelling earphones I picked up for under 25 dollars . They were fine up to a point . Did n't fit over the ears completely so did n't cancel out all noise but got me by on flights o.k. and the sound was adequate but got a bit uncomfortable after an hours use . They have held up well for nearly 5 years.When I heard about the Logitechs and favorable user opinions for the most part I decided to get them and have not been dissapointed.They do a much better job on flights cancelling out most engine noise.They are more comfortable than my Radio Shack phones and the base is very rich . I have had them now for over a year and they seem to hold up well.Only thing I do n't like . I wish they folded up into a smaller footprint like the Radio Shacks for travel . They will fold flat to fit in the case but unfortunately the case is sorta hefty and is not far from being as space consuming as a smaller notebook computer.Otherwise these are great noise cancelling earphones if you do n't want to go with the alledgedly superior but pricey Bose phones where a good chunk of your investmeent probably goes to their advertising budget.Personally I do n't see how these Logitechs could be improved upon unless they were offered free .
 I like these headphones . But you need to know two things that have already been mentioned in some of the reviews :1 -RRB- The noise cancelling does not completely cancell all of the surrounding noise . It cancels the low frequencies ... but you will still be able to hear other people when they talk to you -LRB- if your music isnt too loud -RRB- . But I like the noise cancelling feature anyway . It also enhances the bass , which I like .2 -RRB- These headphones are comfortable , but my ears get hot and red after about one hour of listening.Conculusion
 I am very happy with these headsets . Initially , I purchased a set of heavily discounted sets from Tuesday Morning in the South Bay area . Then , I went on-line and started reading about noise cancelling sets . I decided to buy the Logitechs , and when I received them I returned the others because these are lightweight and comfortable . I liked the way other sets were more compact for carrying , but these were by far superior for wearing . I look forward to trying them out while gardening for peace and quiet from the mow-blow-and go-ers .
 With this product , you 're getting what you pay for . Do n't expect them to be as good as the higher end noise canceling headphones , but they get the job done . There 's a major difference in sound of the music between noise canceling off and on . I would recommend keeping it on all the time , even if in a quiet setting because the music is much better . There 's also a noticeable difference in ambient noise when in use . It reduces a significant amount of external noise -LRB- mostly in the lower freq . -RRB- , but you can also here a small amount of static white noise , probably from the electronics in the phone . Overall , they are a decent set of headphones for both using for entertainment and blocking noise .
 I had used these headphones for a few weeks in the office , and did n't even turn them on as they had sufficient seal to deal with simple computer noise and let me listen to whatever else I wanted to by plugging them into the computer.Last week , however , I took them on a three hop plane trip which included jet and turboprop aircraft . On several occasions I would turn them off just to see how much noise was out there ... after decades of travel I would n't voluntarily fly without them .
 These work great . I can hear my own music in the gym instead of all the foo foo stuff they like to play .
 These headphones do stop incoming noise fairly well . They also work with the noise-canceling turned off , which is quite useful They are large , comfortable cans . For the price , they ca n't be beat .
 I am a music buff . My wife is not . I can listen to my music whenever I want and allow her to watch the TV . Great Headphones and great value .
 Simple to set up - no codes to enter to enable multi-region playback or convert PAL to NTSC . I just hooked it up like any other DVD player , went through the setup menu -LRB- did not need to read the manual -RRB- , put in disc 1 from Blake 's 7 Season 1 that I ordered from the U.K. -LRB- Region 2/PAL -RRB- , and it worked perfectly .
 I bought this through Amazon the other day . No problems encountered at all.About ten minutes to set up out of the box . I hooked it up to my Optoma video projector using the RCA jack cable -LRB- provided -RRB- , changed one audio setting within the setup menu -LRB- to 2 channel analog audio -RRB- , placed a region 2 disc in the tray , and it played flawlessly . Nice , sleek , small footprint design , and the remote control is easy to read and handle .
 OK , the trick is to set the audio to play 2 channel so you can hear the voices . Took just a few minutes to set up and start watching region 1 AND 2 -- have n't tried any others yet .
 This machine does everything it says it does . Everything I 've put in it plays ! All regions - I 've got Asian , Australian , UK and Korean discs - they all play . It plays AVI , WMV , DIVX , MPEG , JPEG and more . I love it - worth every little penny !
 This is our second multi-region dvd player . Our first did not last long and needed replacing . We have British dvds that we like to view . We were pleased to see that it was ready to go as soon as we hooked it up . Just put in the dvd , and press play . The dvd worked well without skipping -LRB- a problem we had on our previous player -RRB- and the overall picture quality was great compared to our previous player .
 I bought this unit to be able to play European DVDs -LRB- PAL Format Region 2 -RRB- . It took an hour to figure out the machine but once done - it 's working fine .
 Slim , good looking multi-region player for $ 99 * All the basic features needed * No timer display on the front of the player -LRB- only track numbers -RRB- * Screen menu does n't have the glamour of more expensive models , but I like the retro look . * Plays all my DVDs from the UK without any adjustments . * Electric plug is European with US adapterFor the price this seems a good buy .
 I got this player and some PAL dvds on the same day and could not wait to hook it up.It took about 2 minutes to get it out of the box and hooked to my tv and i popped in a PAL region 2 dvd , worked great!I kept putting in different region dvds from all over the world and every single one has worked perfectly.Dvd 's and Vcd 's load in seconds and the picture is very clear.I kept thinking that i would run into a snag sooner or later but no matter what i put in the tray,Dvd-R , Dvd-RW , Cd-R , Cd-RW they all work fine.There is no reason to buy an American dvd player that only plays NTSC region 1 and 0 when this player can do it all .
 Recieved on time . Its a Euro -LRB- 220V -RRB- Device with an adapter . The one i recived had a different Part number but it works just fine . Plays US , Israeli , & French DVDs as well as ones made from my computer .
 Although I did not receive the specific item that I ordered -LRB- it was no longer available -RRB- I was sent an equally functional device . The service was timely and I was able to track the item for delivery . Overall I would purchase an item from this vendor again .
 This unit was used to replace a Daewoo unit that died after just 1 year . We play UK DVD 's with no problem , and this puppy can play the data-dense music DVD 's -LRB- Queen On Fire at the Bowl -RRB- that the Daewoo could n't handle . OK , so I 'm not comparing it to a really good unit . Next time , I 'd buy the good unit and not mess around with the cheapo one that had to be replaced anyway .
 I ordered three of these DVD players . They play all NTSC and PAL DVD discs right out of the box . There were no problems with either of the three units . They arrived within two days of the purchase in gr8 condition . I have read somewhere that this unit plays other file types such as mp3 , divx , and avi files . The player only recognizes NTSC and PAL DVD discs .
 This is worth the $ 89.00 I paid for it . Just took it out of the box attached the electrical adapter which I purchased for less than $ 3.00 locally in Santiago , Chile no other button to set or adjust . Comes with remote . Greatly impressed by the price and performance .
 Half the price of the adapter on the Valence site . I 'm all about saving money .
 I opened up the case , used canned air to get rid of the dust bunnies , and popped two of these bad boys into the empty slots . That was it . My computer speeds along nicely now . The biggest improvment is the internet speed . I did n't realize the bottle neck was at my memory . Also memory hungry programs like CorelDraw run at a nice clip with no down time during processing .
 Not much to say about this product - it is designed to work with plastic surface raceway , and it makes a nice appearance at a corner joint .
 Just picked one up at the local B.B. tonight . PS3 games and blu-ray movies look amazing at 720p , via a cheapo hdmi to dvi cable . Would highly reccomend it to anybody looking for a good quality hdtv for their bedroom , kitchen , office , etc. . . Works great as a computer monitor as well . Great price and a great buy !
 Do n't let the bad reviews for this TV on this site dissuade you from purchasing this beautiful TV . No , you 're not going to get a TV with an ATSC tuner for this low price . Samsung only puts those in the larger sets because smaller sets inherently have better pictures . I also have a 40 '' Samsung with the ATSC tuner . Both beautiful TVs ... Despite the bad reviews on this site , I just bought a pair of these for my mother - and sister-in-law . They were so thrilled with the picture quality and sound , I am going to buy another one for my daughter .
 i do n't have this lcd hooked up to a hdtv converter yet , my cable co. does not have any in stock , but it has an adequate picture for kitchen use without the box . picture is much better w/o box than the ge tube television that i replaced it with . very pleased .
 This is an excellent product - very pleased with everything except the sound - could be better but I use for kitchen tv and is sufficient . I would buy again .
 This is the second Samsung 19 '' LCD TV I 've bought because they both have great pictures . The sound 's just OK , but I play the audio through a sound system , so that does n't matter to me . The used one I bought through Amazon.com is in perfect , nearly new condition and was shipped quickly and professionally packed .
 I 've owned a lot of USB to Serial converters . This one is the best by far.I 'm sure everyone considering buying this product has had trouble with software/hardware compatibility using these devices ... as have I.I simply do n't own one piece of software that this thing does n't work with . I ca n't say that about any other converter.Make sure you do the installation as recommended . Then , if your experience is similar to mine , you will have no problems .
 We work with PLCs all the time programming and troubleshooting . It is essential to have a laptop with you to take in the field . This Edgeport 1 USB to serial converter allows the modern laptop to be taken in the field . It is easy to install , simply go on the website and download the driver , and then get to programming and troubleshooting . It is on the pricey side of things but it is worth it in the long run . I have n't had a problem with it .
 Little doubt that the Canon EOS-30D -LSB- close to $ 2000 if you add a decent lens and memory card -RSB- is king of the prosumer DSLR hill . If you want to spend less than half that , the Pentax DS or DS2 are right up there . Already owning a Canon Powershot , I looked at the Rebel XT . Yes , it sells with lens for under $ 1000 , but what a sorry compromise ; the body is a cheap-looking flimsy plastic , and not all that comfortable in the hand . Whereas the nice-in-hand Nikon D70 makes the price point by substituting a penta-mirror for the penta-prism . The Pentax , conversely , has a neat small yet comfortable stainless steel body and lens mount . DO spend just a bit more to get the DS -LRB- see later -RRB- or DS2 with the original one-piece solid glass pentaprism -LSB- the cheaper L-model uses penta-mirrors , which causes some light loss and thus a dimmer view ; moreover , precise alignment of the mirrors might be susceptible to vibration -RSB- . Do n't be fooled by the megapixel race ; it 's the sensor-size that counts . The Pentax , like its competitors , uses an APS-sized -LRB- 24x16 mm -RRB- sensor -- rather than squeezing more but smaller pixels into the same area , the Pentax uses fewer -LRB- 6 MP -RRB- but larger pixels , giving it a very wide dynamic range that captures more of a darker image , and with less electonic ` noise ' , than the 8 MP models . The tradeoff is a slightly lower -LRB- though not noticeable -RRB- line resolution on lab testing . It 's the difference between packing trailers on a large lot , or building fewer but larger on-site family homes.One of the great things about the Pentax is that it retains full compatibility with its film predecessors ; so that you can use older lenses -LRB- try eBay -RRB- and retain their auto focusing and exposure features . Because of the smaller APS sensor , there is a 1.5 X focal length multiplier which is great for tele lenses , but might require a more expensive wide angle lens . A pleasant surprise too is the excellent factory software support . You can download a firmware upgrade for the DS , for instance , to turn it into a fully functional DS2 equivalent -LRB- except for smaller LCD monitor -RRB- . To make that even sweeter , you can download the DS2 manual so that the instructions follow the script . On that topic , my biggest quibble is with the literal -LRB- at times even inscrutable -RRB- Japlish translation - particularly irksome when trying to figure out some murky menu abbreviation.The software - upgradable by a simple download - is superb and even includes a PhotoShop plugin for the RAW format -LRB- not needed if you keep your PhotoShop plugins updated from the Adobe website -RRB- . As I shoot a lot of RAW -LRB- ` digital negative ' -RRB- pictures I particularly prize Pentax ' PhotoLab which , in version 2.1 , actually provides more accessible image control -LRB- including batch processing -RRB- than does PhotoShop . Well worth considering too are the batteries
 After four point and shoot digital cameras this is my first D SLR and it works great with the Pentax lenses I have for my PZ-1p and other Pentax SLR 's . My first film SLR was the Canon Pellix QL in 1966 but I switched to Pentax after purchasing my first Pentax 6x7 in 1974 and have used Pentax 35mm and 6x7 film cameras ever since.I tried the FA 50mm f1 .4 , Sigma AF 15mm f2 .8 and Tamron AF 28-300 so far and they work perfect with the new * ist DS2 . I used the Sandisk 1GB Extreme III SD card that is rated at 20mb/sec for both read and write . I also use an Epson P-2000 40GB multimedia storage viewer that works great with the 1GB SD card but not my 2GB Sandisk Ultra II SD card so I hope Epson comes out with a firmware upgrade so it can work with 2GB SD cards.It looks like the Pentax DL and DS2 are the only D SLR 's so far with 2.5 '' LCD and SD card slot . I have the Pentax AF500FTZ flash with the TR Power Pack II that should work great with the DS2 but the new AF540FGZ flash came out at the same time as the DS2 should work better since it has advanced P-TTL auto flash . The shots I did so far were right on the money for exposure and reviewing the shots with up to nine images at a time on the 2.5 '' LCD is great .
 I bought this two months ago and continue to be amazed at the quality of this camera . First and foremost the best thing about this camera is the quality of the view finder and and the LCD screen ... which is essential after all in order to take a good photo ... you have to see what you are shooting . Other camera makers seem to be oblivious to this fact . Case in point , the new Canon Rebel ... I was going to buy that as it is 8 MP versus the Pentax 6 MP but after looking throught the view finder of both cards it was an easy choice to make . By the way do n't be too enamored with the bigger mp numbers ... remember along with the quality of the higher number comes the space requirement of your hard drive , plus making back ups of your photos takes a lot longer ! The camera is a joy to hold , beautiful to look at and takes fantastic pictures especially in low light conditions ... you will rarely have to use the flash on this baby . Using standard batteries is also a plus ... you buy fast 15 minute charger -LRB- make sure the batteries have a high number ... 2500 -RRB- and away you go ... the camera uses extremely low power so you are good for several days . I used this camera in Dominican republic and the pictures look amazing!SO do yourself a favor and buy this one you wo n't regret it , especially if you have pentax lenses or access to them !
 I chose this camera because I 've got a lot of money invested in Pentax-mount lenses , and it works just fine with them -LRB- though obviously autofocus and other features do n't work with the older lenses -RRB- . The camera feels solid in your hands , the LCD screen is bright and sharp -LRB- note that it only works for reviewing images , not composing them -RRB- , the automated features seem reasonably well thought out , and there 's a manual override for pretty much everything if you prefer not to let the camera make the decisions . And I 'm very pleased with the pictures so far.One disappointment was that the RAW image files this camera produces do n't seem to be compatible with iPhoto , Photoshop Elements , or Photoshop -LRB- at least not the versions I have -RRB- , and I 've read on forums of other users experiencing this problem . I imagine this will be resolved by a software update from Pentax or some public-spirited soul , and the workaround is to set it to generate JPEG files , but in the meantime it 's a limitation for me.The second disappointment is that the SD card I bought -LRB- none is supplied if you buy only the camera body -RRB- stopped speaking to my computers -LRB- all Macs -RRB- after I formatted it in the camera ; it still speaks to my PDA -- go figure . I 'm not sure this is the fault of the camera , but I mention it here for the record in case it turns out that others experience similar problems .
 I 've had my DS2 since April . Prior to that , the only digital cameras I had used were low-end point-and-shoot Olympus models , suitable for quick images for the web but not much else . I used my 35mm film cameras whenever higher quality was needed.This camera seems like an excellent value , especially now that it is heavily discounted due to the introduction of the K1000D.It is a very comfortable camera to use . The controls are positioned logically and are easy to use . It is compact and lightweight , but solid . It feels good in your hands , and is comfortable to use and hold . A previous reviewer mentioned he had compared it to the Rebel XT , and I agree with his comments . The Rebel feels flimsy in comparison , and is awkward to hold -LRB- a little too small -RRB- compared to the Pentax.I have a few complaints about it . My biggest is that it 's somewhat difficult to focus in low light . The autofocus sometimes has to do a lot of work and generates several flashes before it can lock in on the target . Living subjects sometimes move on with their lives while this is taking place . I do n't shoot under these conditions often , so it is n't a huge problem for me , but it might be for some people.In general , it is more difficult to focus manually than the various film cameras I 've used . I think there are other focusing screens available for it , but I have n't explored that option yet.Another complaint is that I see some noise in images shot at any setting higher than ISO 200 . If you let the camera determine the ISO setting automatically , you may find some images unacceptably noisy . I keep it at 200 , which sometimes requires using a tripod.Another reviewer mentioned problems with an SD card formatted in the camera -LRB- as it should be -RRB- not being recognized by his Macs . I do n't think that 's typical . I 've had no trouble with the various SD cards I 've used -LRB- Sandisk and Kingston -RRB- . I have a Lexar USB 2 card reader hooked up my Mac -LRB- OS X , Panther and Tiger -RRB- . It occasionally loses contact with the computer , but unplugging its USB cable and reconnecting it solves the problem.I 'd recommend using CRV3 batteries.I 'm using Photoshop CS2 and Bridge . The current Adobe Camera RAW plug-in works fine with the images generated by the DS2.Aside from the issues described above , I have enjoyed this camera tremendously . I take it with me almost everywhere . However , if I were in the market now , I 'd probably get the new Pentax K1000D , which has image stabilization in the camera body and can use all the K-mount lenses .
 I bought a istDS , not the DS2 . I bought it because I have had a pile of Pentax lenses . Overall , I am happy with the camera mainly because of the size , picture quality and battery life . Buy the rechargeable AA cells , they last forever . On the flipside , complaints are 1 -RRB- the auto-focus does not seem as fast or as solid as Canon or Nikon . This is really true in lower lighting situations . 2 -RRB- I shoot in raw mode because I seem to have to do a lot of tweaking on the images . Hopefully my two complaints have been addressed in the DS2 . Adobe Photoshop CS2 does support RAW mode for Pentax , there is a separate download required -LRB- at least with the version I have -RRB- . If I had to do over I would probably go for one of the semi-pro Canons . If price and size is of utmost concern , go with the Pentax .
 The old powerbooks do n't have great battery life because they require so much power , but this battery satisfies my needs . I get 2 + hours out of it
 I 've had lots of battery 's for my powerbook but never one at this price . I have n't put it through it paces much yet but it seems as good as all the others at triple the price . the only reason I have 4 instead of 5 stars is that I still do n't believe it and do n't want to give glowing ratings untill it 's been charged/discharged a number of times .
 It was a great deal over the `` official '' battery ! I 've used it for about a month and no trouble so far . Good capacity . The fit was snug for some reason but I 've managed to pop it in and back out without any worries . Looks just like the original with led status and everything .
 I 've been using the battery for nearly a month with no problems . It fit easily into the macbook , and has continued to provide about 3 hours of use per charge .
 Got it pretty quick . Very affordable . Easy transaction . Easy to install . Just wish these things lasted longer than a year .
 Battery arrived in a very timely manner . It looks just like my worn-out battery , so no noticeable difference when I am carrying around my laptop . I really appreciate being able to trust that it was the right replacement for my computer . Thanks !
 Yeah ... you get what you pay for . Okay , maybe you get a little better than you pay for with this battery . I charged it the way you are supposed to -LRB- you know , charging it up fully , letting it run down once a week , etc. -RRB- ... and NEW , this battery lasts about 2/3 as long as a new Apple battery would . So ... yeah . Slightly better than paying half the price .
 I want to thank the people at Sun Valley Tech for their excellent customer service . I bought a battery for my 12 '' Mac powerbook in March , 2009 . I ordered the wrong battery ; it was entirely my mistake . But Sunvalley agreed to accept a return and instead of charging me a hefty re-stocking fee , they only charged me shipping plus 10 % f the purchase price . I thought this was very nice as it was my mistake . My advice , check your details before ordering !
 Despite some negative reviews about this product , my experience has been mostly positive.As soon as I received the battery , I popped into my PowerBook
 Received in less than a week with free shipping . Replacement looks exactly like factory battery , minus the apple logo . Works just like original , no complaints after one month of regular use . Good product and far less than you 'll pay at a local storefront store . A must buy !
 All rechargeables suck to some degree - they just do n't last . This battery came with instructions on how to get the most life out of it and this time I hope to have my battery a little longer .
 The battery worked fine from the first charge , in October 2010 , and still does , but the thin aluminum cover that seals the unit recently came loose . I got in touch with the vendor , laptopmate.us , and they immediately offered to ship a replacement battery as soon as they received the defective one . I explained that it was for my son 's computer and , as it was nearing final exams time , he could n't afford the down time . So , they said they 'd make an exception and send the new battery right out . This is outstanding customer service , and I will deal with laptopmate11 .1 V 5200mAh Lithium-ion Battery Pack , Replace
 The battery works , and has decent life - the real issue is that it 's not exactly the right size and you 've got to * really * push it in for it to make contact .
 Fits great like the original and looks identical but battery life is probably 90 % of the original . Ca n't beat it for the price though . I recommend it .
 This worked much better than the original battery that was long dead when it came time to sell my old powerbook . It might not be as good as an original apple battery but for the price it ca n't be beat .
 Received within a week of order , gave it as a Christmas present to my mom and she has no complaints and it holds its over 3 hours of charge very well .
 Fits perfect in my PowerBook and works as expected , I am very pleased I did not order a replacement battery from Apple as they are much more expensive and this battery does the trick : -RRB-
 Fits great works just like the apple one it replaced when new . A fraction of the cost ... great find .
 I was wary of buying a non-Apple battery for my Powerbook . I 'm on a budget , though , and this battery seemed to have the best reviews of those available on Amazon . With some trepidation , I clicked the `` Submit my order '' button.Man , was it a good decision . About a month into my new battery 's life , it holds a charge longer than my old official Apple battery ever did . It also charges quick . The color does n't quite match the Powerbook , but when are you ever really going to notice ? And the instructions come in very poor English , but again , if you do n't know how to install/manage a battery , then you 're in trouble anyways.Overall , I 'm very pleasantly surprised and happy with my purchase .
 The person I sold it to has not complained.That has to mean it was satisfactory .
 This battery arrived quickly and performs very well . The fit is perfect . It provides me with about 3 hours of heavy use and 4 + hours with some inactivity .
 I recently picked up a used PowerBook and sure enough the battery was totally dead . I did n't feel like paying more than half what I did for the computer itself on another battery , so I tried this one . I chose free shipping and had it 4 days after placing my order . The battery capacity appears to be just as good or maybe a little better than an OEM replacement . My software is indicating mine is 4912 mAh . The finish matches perfectly , and the fit is snug . How long will it go before the battery life deteriorates ? Only time will tell . I will probably buy another battery to get me through long layovers .
 I ordered this battery for my 15 in powerbook G4 Apple laptop . This was a much cheaper alternative for the ~ $ 129 Apple replacement battery . The battery fits perfectly , albeit more snug than the original . There is even an indicator light on the back that lights up showing the charge level . While the lights do not progressively light up like the original apple battery , I do n't check the battery life with these lights very often . The silver metallic finish matches my computer perfectly . One large difference from the original apple battery is the way that it comes to the end of it 's charge . The original battery gives warning at about 20 % , whereas this battery does not until the bitter end . As long as you look at the small battery charge indicator at the top right of your screen , you will know how much time is left on the battery charge . I 've been using this battery for a few weeks , so I can not speak to the longevity of the battery life . I am happy that I did n't pay apple their high price for a replacement battery .
 This works for me and has for a while . I try to charge to 100 % then unplug until almost dead to get max life . Sometimes it goes dead without putting laptop to sleep , but now I know that can happen I pay attention so it does n't happen . It was less expensive when I bought it than other options and works fine .
 I was a little nervous when I saw a somewhat negative review about this vendor 's replacement battery for the 12 '' PowerBook . It complained that it did n't match the aluminum finish or have the right power level indicator . Well , this battery for the 15 '' PB had no such problems . It looks just like the Apple original and is finally giving me back several hours of use at a time -- and saved me $ 30 or so . I 've only had it for about a month , but so far it 's working just as I 'd hoped .
 After several months of use I 'm happy to report that this battery charges and holds its charge exactly as it should . I ca n't detect any difference between this one and the MacIntosh battery that it replaced.There 's often a difference between a a factory original product and a low-cost replacement but in this case the only difference I can find is the welcome savings .
 Could n't be any happier ! It works and it 's half the price of an Apple battery . With a full charge you get 4 hours of battery life .
 I 'm no expert , but this seems to work well and lasts quite a while . Seems like a reasonable price for this product .
 I went about 2 years constantly plugged in because the OEM battery died - literally had 0 capacity . For $ 40 I 'm free again . Probably not quite the original battery 's capacity , but I can go about a week with light evening use and constant sleep otherwise without recharging . I 'd guess I 'm getting about 3-4 hours using wireless + internet applications -LRB- ? -RRB- Was delivered to my door on a very cold day -LRB- ~ 0F -RRB- , and the aluminum cover fell right off . Maybe the glue was n't design for that cold ? Craft glue worked like a charm though , and the battery looks like the original . It actually fits into the computer chassis a little bit better , more snug , than the original.It really looks like it must be manufactured in the same Chinese factory as the OEM battery ... Do n't bother with the $ 130 Apple ...
 The only problem is that once this battery reaches 0 % , my computer turns off -- completely . With my old Apple battery , my computer went to sleep once the battery ran out . I found this out the hard way when I was calibrating this new battery and lost a good portion of a report I had neglected to save . But other than that , it holds about the same charge as a new Apple battery , so I think that this battery is WELL worth the price . $ 129 for a new Apple battery vs. $ 35 for this one ? Yeah , baby !
 This battery fit right in my Powerbook G4 . Did n't even have to look at the directions . I do n't know how long it lasts , since I only got it a week ago , but saved me a bundle compared to the Apple Brand Battery .
 Pretty much same as the original , with a little bit less price , gives me 4.5 hours when you handle the laptop with ease -LRB- documents and light web browsing -RRB- and whenever using heavy browsing and music it gets down to 2-3 hours , which was around the same as the original battery .
 It feels so good to have a battery life without my macbook pro constantly being plugged in . I 'll drink to that !
 I was very pleased with the price and ease of purchase . The unit was delivered about a week in advance of time expected . Works perfectly .
 I would buy the battery again . I put it in my laptop and turned on the computer and it worked !!
 I bought this battery , because my old battery just suddenly died . I have used my new battery for a few weeks now , and it works great . It is not a genuine Apple product . But , I like its low price . The most important thing is that it does the job . I do not care much that it is produced by Apple or not . In my opinion , Apple makes excellent stuff , but they are unreasonably over-priced . OK , let 's get back to the battery itself . Well , the first time that I wanted to charge it , it took a few hours . But now , it charges quite fast . Frankly , I use my laptops mostly like a desktop . I mean that I connect them to the charger most of the time . I checked a few times to work with my laptop without the charger , and the battery life was quite good . In conclusion , I really like this battery , and I think that it works great . At the end , I just want to quickly mention a very small negative point about the battery . Its color did not match completely with my aluminum casing for my Apple PowerBook G4 . It is quite paler than what it should be . I personally , do not care much . Who 's going to look at the bottom of your laptop , anyway ?
 This is my 2nd aftermarket battery , and by far the best . The original equipment batteries are notoriously bad/short lived , and expensive ! This unit has outlived the other 's and shows no signs of giving me less than approx 2 hrs of use , just like when all 3 were new.I will buy this product again , and recommend it to anybody .
 The seller is professional -- shipping is quick and I receive the product in good condition . As for the battery , it sort of works fine . After the 2nd recharge , the batter easily overheats to the point that the recharge stops automatically and the battery has to be cooled down before the recharge can be resumed . I did not have such a problem with the authentic powerbook battery , but this could be that my laptop is old and the fan happens to stop working at the same time ? My current solution is to use something to lift up the bottom a bit to help circulation -LRB- I suppose a notebook rest and stand will work better -RRB- . I am still yet to see how long this battery will last .
 Pro 's - Great design . easy to work on . lots of room for components . Looks cool with a blue led case fan.Con 's - Cheaply made . drive covers are cheap plastic and do n't work well . some screws are threaded crooked . small stuff like that.Also ... side panel has to be open in order to take front panel off , and front panel needs to be off in order to unscrew panel on the other side -LRB- non transparent -RRB- Much easier to get in and out of than any previous cases that have come with my other computers -LRB- dell , sony , etc. . . -RRB-
 I have several cases , This is by far the easiest to use.For a mid sized case it has tremendous space.I 've had none of the troubles that have been put forth here.What was n't in the manual , A little common sense made up for.I would have given it 5 stars but for the very few cons.I could n't believe the reviewer that thought that the drives would just sit there in the cage . Many drive cages have the feature to screw the drives at the bottom.Also My Neo HE 550 slid right in.My firewire cable was clearly marked as IEEE 1394aCant say much more than whats already been said.Pros : Looks , Access , Removable MotherBoard tray , Good cooling , Nice cabling scheme , Included temp sensors and display , Light weight , Etc. . Etc.Cons : Price , Lack of a second mother board tray hold down , The Hard drive trays are sideways and not very ide drive friendly.they work great for sata drives however.Lack of a front case fan .
 This is by far the best case I 've ever owned . If you want an impressive looking case look no further . Add some UV cables and a small black light and this thing looks amazing.I use it for my primary machine for surfing and games as well as both of my brothers . What I ended up doing was swapping the rear fan to the front of the case for the BLUE led 's to shine thru the grills and put a normal 120mm fan in the rear to keep it darker for UV lighting.It 's big enough to get your hands inside and work with it after all the components are installed . I 've pulled a MB attached to the tray without having to uplug any connectors for all the drives which makes for an extremely easy swap!It also has a washable filter behind the front of the case to help minimize dust which is really nice . Just be careful , it is alumnimum and plexiglass . Both will scratch easily !
 Potential buyers of this case should not be put off by reviewer `` Sierra '' -LRB- 01-15-2007 -RRB- . Some of my other cases include the Antec P180 , Gigabyte 3D Aurora , and Lian Li PC-6070A -- hardly `` crappy cases . '' The P160 may not be quite on the level with those just mentioned , but it is a good , solid case with some nice features.With respect to some of reviewer Sierra 's comments , you are supposed to use the supplied screws to secure the hard drives to the tray containing the rubber mounts -LRB- as most of you probably know -RRB- . I had no trouble installing an OCZ 700W PSU in my P160 , and my DVD drives are all level . And not only did my plastic pull-thru devices for the rear fan not break , but I actually removed them and used them to secure a larger Antec fan.But here is the reason for my review
 This case may be expensive but it is worth EVERY CENT . This is easily the best case I have EVER used .
 This case is a pure dream to assemble . Antec has really put some focus and attention on user convenience over their own ease-of-construction . Four HD drive bays with rubber mounts and properly-designed screws for mounting . An optional 120mm fan will suck air in through a filtered vent in front to blow across all four drives . This filterd vent is the ONLY intake , which helps minimize dust and debris inside the case . The included rear 120mm rubber-mounted fan is exhaust as well as your PSU fan . Great ! One huge selling point to me was the clear side window does n't have a fan port . This is on-point because these fans tend to reverberate on the flimsy side wall and cause all kinds of noise . It 's much quieter to have fans mounted to the sturdy case supports . Locking case is neat if I had anything valuable in there for people to steal.My USB and 1394 cables were clearly marked.CONS
 My son and I had no problems building his computer . This box was easy and quick to open and work in . It looks cool and is easy to open , close and work in or on .
 I have read the good and bad reviews on this case and bought it anyways . not a single regret . i had no problem fitting an antec NeoHe 550 PSU in it with plenty of space . the case is quite roomy and has plenty of expansion bays the case does kinda feel cheap but its aluminum it is going to feel light that is teh whole reason people buy the aluminum cases . it is quite duurable regardless of how cheap it may appear , anoather common complaint i hear aboult aluminum cases is that they scratch easily which is true because aluminum is a soft metal so be careful . i hate it how people rag on this and other aluminum cases for not understanding how aluminum is NOT steel and quit expecting them to be the exact same thing . the HDD trays do look kinda cheap but they get the job done so a couple minor flaws but over all a great case
 Has everything you need and more . Very large as far as internal space goes . Best of all it is well built and is also very light weight . Air flow is also a plus . Ca n't go wrong with this purchase .
 This is the best case I 've ever used or worked on . I 've now have 2 . I have used the first one for 3 years.Excellent access all around . Hard drives are easy to get at . Motherboard tray makes installation a snap . It is well made , functional and attractive.It is on the pricey side , but well worth it.Everytime I work with a different case , I realize how great this one is .
 This case has been good to me . Im somewhat new to computer building and being so i did not want a cheap case nor did i want an extremely overpriced one . This case was perfect , basically the only thing that i personally have a problem with this case is it is not easy to wire in . Thats probably my fault not the case 's since this is my first attempt.BTW i think i did alright the pics are up on my myspacewww.myspace.com/kiykaThis is a good buy .
 I totally love this case . Inovative design including front swivel USB and firewire panel which is located at the very top of the case . Easy to plug in external devices . The case itself was delivered in flawless condition . Very large case can hold anything you wish to install . Side window panel opens easily and front grill mounted blue LED lights look fantastic . You ca n't go wrong with this case . This case is designed for builders who wish to purchase their own power supply , but it does come with one case fan for the rear , which is legacy 4-pin molex . I did add a second Antec fan for the front panel , which also has a washable dust screen .
 the sound is very clear and the amps are perfect . completes the stero system .
 This television is typical for LCD sets in this size . The sound quality is poor and the off axis color also is dissappointing . Would have expected better quality for this price
 Overall this is a solid TV . Sound could be better , the hidden bottom speakers do n't have a good sound quality . But that 's what a home theater system is for . Nice , rich and clear picture . Simple elegent design . The only issue with this TV that I have is that the aspect ratio for real widescreen is 16:9 , this is 16:10 which stretches the image vertically to fit the screen . I hoped that it would just get cut off on the sides . It 's not really noticable though . Great introduction for first time LCD/HDTV buyers .
 i absolutely love this TV . the picture quality is exceptional . I originally saw the tv at a tweeter store and loved it . the salesperson told me that samsung is among the best in LCD and he was right . I have this tv on top of my fridge and i sit across the room and the picture is crisp and clear . the sound is very good also . it 's the perfect size tv for a kitchen , office or any other small room . . even a kids bedroom.i plan on getting another one of these . i also have a 42 '' samsung plasma in my home.in my opion one of the better brands in TV.this tv is also HD ready which is a big plus.BTW , amazon is the best price for this TV . $ 100 less than any other website .
 Amazon must have fixed the error for mislabeling this unit . I purchased it knowing that it did n't have a tuner . I use Comcast HD digital cable with this unit . The HD channels are spectacular . The non-HD channels are so-so . This unit is in my bedroom . I am about 8 feet from the picture . The picture looks fine from that distance . The non-HD channels are grainy up close . The sound is n't great , but adequate for a bedroom/office/kitchen type application . I am using the DVI connection for the video and the RCA type connections for the audio . One reviewer mentioned HDMI . Do n't be confused , this unit does not have an HDMI input . It is n't really necessary since DVI looks just as good . HDMI adds surround sound capability but this unit only has two speakers , so it wo n't make a difference . I recommend this unit if you have a small space to work with . If you have a little more room , I 'd go with a slimline CRT as the non-HD pictures are much better . All in all it is a good tv .
 There is no digital tuner built in like Amazon says . I did my research before I bought this and knew it did n't have it before I spent the money because the price was about $ 100 less than Best Buy or Circuit City . The TV is nice looking . I also have the 32 '' in my living room . That one has the digital tuner built-in .
 I bought this for my bedroom but found that the picture was so sharp it cut my eyes . On a serious note , I love to watch football on my HD DirecTV DVR but the players seemed really small unless you got up to about 3 feet from it which was not going to happen . Thus the TV was `` donated '' to the kitchen where everyone loves it . A 32 '' HDTV in the bedroom has solved the `` tiny '' football problem . By-the-way , I tried this hooked up to my computer and it was absolutley excellent as a computer monitor . I imagine the price has come down now , got mine over a year ago .
 This TV is easy to operate and has a great picture . I have not noticed the sound volume being inadequate in our bedroom . I 've been told that my hearing is not all that good and it works fine for me . It takes up much less space than our old 19 '' . We have enjoyed it .
 Great TV if you are constrained by space . Color is excellent but the sound could use a little boost . The price was right . I did some comparison shopping and I think I got the best deal available . Bigger is better , if you have the room . Instructions for use were simple and easy to read . The remote was easy to use also . It did n't have a lot buttons that needed to be figured out . I did not need to consult with my teenager on how to use it . I would recomment this set .
 I bought this to replace a very old Sony Trinitron which I used for watching DVDs . Both of them were placed several feet from my favorite chair . It took some time to adjust the custom controls to get a good picture to my very critical value standards but it could be done.What I especially like about this set is that the full amount of the video picture is shown . The older Sony magnified the image so that the edges of the original image could not be seen.People who watch on the air or cable television programs should be aware that the built in tuner is the NTSC analog type and not the high definition type that will be required in two years .
 Great TV for our Kitchen . So good I bought my son one for his office .
 Okay we have had the TV for five week now and are very happy with the overall quality . It is a sharp looking and well performing set . The picture is good even though we have not yet spent the bucks to upgrade our Dish to HD reception . The volume was a concern given the other reviews and since we were pputting it in our busy kitchen . Its no boom box but the sound is adequate .
 Easy to install . Excellent picture and sound quality . Just the right size for our kitchen .
 Is this tv Hd - ready if so which of these 480i 480p 720p 1080iThanks anyone
 Purchased this product before heading to South Dakota for pheasant hunting . Helped me keep track of my dog 's location and her activities even when I could n't see her.With all of the crops still standing in the field , a Brittany disappears quite quickly in 10 foot corn and sunflower fields . The unit worked well , always giving me a read on her . The only problem I had with the unit was that there is a 5 second delay between information updates , and that interval can be too long when the hunting is going at a fevered pitch . The product seems to be well made and well thought out . It does the job it says it does .
 Before purchasing , I was concerned about the two-star reviews
 I am a bird hunter and this a very effective tool to find fast a dog pointing birds . It is also very usefull in finding your location and the location of the dog in difficult conditions -LRB- fog , thick forest , etc -RRB-
 Garmin Astro GPS Dog Tracking SystemThe products are very good exept the transmitter for the dog , because the antenna is very soon damage or loosen very easy so that it get lost . I have lost one allready and my friend have got it damaged . It is good business for you and Garmin because I have allready ordered 3 new antenneas !!! Best regardsKari Hertzberg
 I had a hard time convincing myself to try this because I already had a traditional dog tracking system . Trust me it would be like comparing apples to oranges.I 've been using this system for two months now . I will never go ` coon hunting again without it . It works exactly as advertised . I feel a little guilty because it takes most of the guesswork out of hunting . You will know exactly where your dogs are and where they 've been , and you will know when they 've stopped moving.My gripe list : The dog unit is n't nearly durable enough . The antenna has been lost . The replacement antenna has now been damaged . The clip that holds the unit to a collar has broken.The battery only lasts for twenty hours.The topo maps should be preloaded.It should be compatible with the RINO series , from a layman 's perspective it looks like the same technology.If you buy this unit go ahead and buy : The mag mount antenna , you pick up some serious distance with it.Extra pack of antennas , they come two to a package . I lost one right away and I check them for tightness now . They will get damaged , especially if you use the vest instead of the collar attachment.Extra collar attachment , it might break if your dog decides to go in a hole chasing something.Extra DC20 for each dog you hunt . I knew exactly what dog # 1 was doing and I hated not knowing what exactly what dog # 2 was doing .
 In short , the product works beautifully . I am no longer a hunter . My interest is a combination of pure fun as well as working the dog on tracking and possible future SAR work . However , for the hunter , this unit affords the same advantages and benefits I use , and much more . I have had ranges thus far of around 900 yards , however , the best signal strength is line of sight , and I live in the mountains ; sometimes that can be an issue . My only complaint about the unit as shipped is that the mapping software included is very limited . I had to purchase the Garmin Mapsource TOPO 2008 disc -LRB- $ 80.00 + / - -RRB- to really make the operations more accurate and readable . Overall , the units are accurate , durable , well thought out , and the information capture is little short of amazing .
 Everything was delivered to my full satisfaction except for one thing . The charger was delivered with adapter for US . This is understandable as it was delivered in the States , but there should be an option to change this as there are many of us having stuff delivered in US , and then brought home to Europe .
 The product was exactly as advertised , and what I wanted however I paid 30 some dollars for expedited shipping and it took over 2 weeks to recieve luckily I did recieve it in time for xmas .
 Astro works perfectly ... buy it , and relax ... never again worry about losing a wayward hound , or disturbing one on point by yelling , etc. !! It has changed our lives for the better ... a first-class product that really delivers , plus you get far more than dog tracking capability ... such a true bargain is rare these days .
 GARMIN ASTRO COMBO UNIT GPS BASED DOG TRACKING SYSTEM - GARMIN - GPS HANDHELD -RSB- -RSB- I am very satisfied with this item
 Double UPDATE - Garmin has now introduced the DC 30 dog collar + gps transmitter . It fixes many of the bugs in the old design . It uses a metal backplate behind the gps instead of plastic . The gps is black instead of orange . The antenna is longer and more flexible allowing for better range and less breakage . And since the GPS hangs DOWN by default , the new dc-30 puts a tiny GPS antenna into the dog collar itself that faces UP towards the sky . Overall it works better , in the country it adds about 2 miles to your trackign range if you are using the car mounted antenna . Those 2 miles could mean finding your dog . The new kit is sold with the DC 30 and costs about $ 60 more than the old model -LRB- this one -RRB- which will most likely be discontinued as my dog has broken one antenna and two plastic mounting plates . Note however that the new collar has no rings for attaching tags or leashes . This means your dog will wear 2 collars when being tracked , but gone are the days of broken parts and tracking down your GPS unit without the dog attached.Update - I ordered the car mount antenna and found the range boost phenominal . In CITY range went from .7 miles to 1.7 miles , almost the full 2 mile rating . In Country range went over 4 miles . It is the best $ 25 spent plus amazon 's price on the accessory is heavily discounted over garmin 's . If you think you may have to use your 4WD to find your dogs , start using the external antenna accessory option from the beginning.I got my Astro about a month ago and from the start the 2 mile range was n't there -LRB- more like .33 miles maximum -RRB- . I checked it with a pulse wattmeter from HP/agilent and it was outputting only 0.45 watts for .38 seconds , not the 2W rating -LRB- and the battery lasted alot longer than it was supposed to for some reason ! -RRB- . I shipped it to garmin , got it back and it was now putting out 2.2 watts . Range was still disappointing at 0.6 miles -LRB- city - granted - but my rino 's do far better and they are n't digital ! -RRB- Next , I found that there are 5 channels Astro can use of which 2 of them are used by every jobcom radio in construction etc -LRB- 154.57 and 154.600 are the worst and are in use all over the place -RRB- - my unit was on one of those channels which was almost always in use , so using another RF tool -LRB- spectrum analyzer -RRB- - I found a much better channel and suddenly the in city range went up to 1.5 miles which was n't bad.Mounting - You get 2 mounting options - a screw bracket that will mount the transmitter to the dog collar which works really well , or a velcro pocket to put the transmitter in , strap it around the dog 's breast and put a tab under the dog collar to keep it upright . I tried the vest option first and when the dog came back , the whole assembly was swinging around the dog 's neck -LRB- and velcro fills up with hair if your dog sheds - the gripping effectiveness goes to zero -RRB- . The collar I thought would be better because the tags are always at the ground , but now the heavy part is up high . My guess was to put a lightweight fishing sinker in the dogtag strap which would keep it verticale - without that weight the dog comes back with the collar rotated sideways and the antenna horizontal , which hurts your range again.Once factory adjusted to full power , put on a clean freqency , and mounted with a counterweight it works really well - 1.5 mile range in the city and 2.0 mile range or better in the country are not uncommon . I found my dog had gone on a 5 mile chase one time from the truck.There is a problem in the few bits that garmin uses for `` dog status '' like `` treed '' or `` quarry '' , etc - when the gps has moved a bit they are meaningless so I ignore that and leave it on the doggie detail page which tells you how far away your dog is , where it is , and the battery level/gps coverage in the dog 's GPS , along with the radio signal you are getting . I would have preferred `` moving '' or `` stable '' , which you can get from the map if the signal reaches.You can get a nice VHF -LRB- marine type -RRB- antenna if you become car bound and unscrew the garmin antenna and connect the outdoor antenna which more than doubles range or better right away - great for end of the day searches for the dog . Both the dog and user antennas are SMA and removable unlike the rino which by law must have a permanently attached antenna unless you are good at soldering on external jacks yourself , which allows you big outdoor antennas and high power amplifiers on one radio . Dog transmitts at your programmed time interval , the handheld transmitts when only when you need to adjust the dog parameters , making it a 2way link temporarily on the AA batteries.The GPS -LRB- s -RRB- in both the dog and handheld use the highly sensitve SIRF chipset -LRB- which is dirt cheap because the entire gps is in one chip , but because of the indoor usability of it garmin sees fit to charge almost 2x more e.g. the rino520HCX is also using the sirf chipset for gps , which costs them less ! -RRB- - it trades sensitivity of getting a signal for accuracy compared to their old 12 channel receiver garmin made -LRB- like putting a ford engine in a corvette -RRB- . Anyways they are very sensitive , the handheld allows you to load 2GB of map data on a micro-SD card like your cellphone uses so there are alot of nice features in the set , plus you can use the handheld without any dogs . -RRB- I 've put highway and topographic mapping data for the western USA , along with the entire roads CD . I have GPS mapping in my car and garmin really has a poor algorythm on this one - it will insist you drive 5 miles backwards to get on the freeway , to drive 5 miles forwards to the destination 1/4 mile ahead . It 's better for 4wd or marine navigation than on-road accidents . ON-Road navigation probably is a feature to avoid.MY ONLY `` STRONG '' NEGATIVE is that they use 2-AA batteries in the GPS handheld . Worldwide there is a push away from disposable batteries due to price - countries like Germany and Switzerland charge more than the battery for a disposal fee - if you are caught putting them in the trash look for $ 500 fines . Most of europe has adopted this , hence the move to li-ion standards . I 've been evaluating some 3000-3500 mah prototype AA cells in my lab from a battery company . The combination is really good - better in all cases than alkalines . I 'm accustomed to the Li-ion cells on the Rino radios I use which last forever . Garmin could have fit some sort of Li-Ion pack into the battery area making it charge from both the dog charger -LRB- which is li-ion -RRB- and the dog 's car-charger -LRB- included in the kit -RRB- . But alas , we are stuck with kids ' toys AA batteries.The waterproofness will outlast any rainstorm and the worst weather - for both you and the dog . Overall , knowing what direction and how far my dog is is great information . I have not found any geo-fencing yet which would be nice to keep your dog out of problem areas on the map like traintracks or highways.In summary you are getting 2 really sensitive GPS units -LRB- one rechargable and one AA powered -RRB- that communicate one way their location . To top off the system , Garmin gives you a nice hard case to seal it all up and keep the wet soggy stuff out of the dry stuff with a clever X strap holder on the outside of the caseBe sure to get it working good in the city before going on a hunt with it - you 'll know what buttons shortcut to where , and what limitations are in the unit , and what the beeps decode to.Happy Hunting !
 The transaction was excellent ... good price , quick delivery time . My husband was thrilled with his new `` toy '' , and could n't wait to try it out . He was very impressed with the details he was able to see when tracking his dogs in the area . However , upon the first real hunt with the unit , the dogs managed to disconnect and lose the antenna -LRB- which seems to be pretty wimpy ! -RRB- and of course , the unit is useless without the antenna ! When I placed a call to order a replacement , I was told that parts must come straight from the manufacturer . It was impossible to reach a person at the manufacturer , so I resorted to ordering a replacement antenna online which I did receive in time for the next hunt . We are now waiting on a reply to my husband 's email -LRB- he also gave up on talking to a real person -RRB- to complain about the antenna and ask for the manufacturer to provide a free replacement b/c this is an expensive piece of equipment and if the antenna is that easily lost -LRB- which renders the unit useless -RRB- , I anticipate that this will be an ongoing problem and become the gift `` that keeps on giving ! '' .
 I purchased the astro primarily for hiking with my dog in the wooded dunes of West Michigan . It surpassed my expectations . My dog will be chasing something 200 yards away , well out of sight and hearing range , and it works great . All of the stress and worry of not knowing where the dog is is gone . Because my dog does n't stray for more than 200-300 yards , I have n't had a chance to test the full range , but within those yards and in very hilly terrain it 's tracked flawlessly .
 I bought this Garmin setup after looking for a GPS based dog tracking for a long time . Competing models either require monthly subscription -LRB- through cellular phone system -RRB- or were dog tracking * only * . The Garmin handheld unit is useful as a standalone GPS device , with the benefit of communicating with the dog GPS unit.I do n't hunt , but rather intended to use this to allow my dog to run free while walking him . He loves to track rabbits and deer and for that purpose this Astro worked great . In the area I walk there is much vegetation and he can easily be out of site as little as 20 yards away . After a very watchful eye the first time I used it , I found that it worked far beyond my expectations ... GPS always gave me a distance and position on the map , and the compass always pointed right at him . Occasionally it would lose either GPS reception or RF communcation , but it would always come back in 10-15 seconds . I tried both the backpack and the collar , and actually had better results with the collar even though it would often swing to the side or bottom of his neck . More counterweight would probably help , but he 's usually got his head down to the ground and it could easily be a nuisance for him.Although the dog unit is supposed to be waterproof , I did encounter severe problems when he decided to cross a small river . He does n't swim so I did n't expect this to ever be a problem , but this time it was shallow enough for him to cross and it seems to have gotten the collar unit wet enough to be a problem . I ca n't determine if the GPS reception was affected or the RF communication with the handheld unit , but it started indicating that he was 100-200 yards away , even though he still was within eyesight . Eventually it crept up to reporting him as 600 and even 900 yards away -LRB- I could still see him -RRB- ! The compass indicator started pointing in what appeared to be random directions . It took awhile -LRB- maybe 15 minutes -RRB- but after it dried out again , the reporting went back to normal and was right on . I intend to investigate what was going on , and maybe I just have a defective unit . My dog never broke an antenna like others are reporting ... come to think of it however , maybe it * is * broken and it 's just not visible to me.Aside from the dog collar issues , I love the handheld unit . I 'm still finding features that I did n't know it had , and it is far beyond my previous model -LRB- GPS 12 -RRB- .
 Fantastic ! I 'm not a hunter , but I use the Garmin on my dogs when we go hiking . I 've found the product to be very accurate . The construction of the product is very rugged . I 'm glad I elected to use the shorter antenna because my dogs like to rough house . I 'd be afraid they would damage the longer antena when rolling around . The piece of mind I have knowing that I can locate my dog should he chase after a rabit or deer is worth every penny to me .
 I am learning more about this all the time.Every time I go hunting both units need a couple minutes to recognize each other -LSB- turn transmitter and gps on until the gps says dog is near -RSB- Do this before putting the transmitter on the dog-hold them both in your hands.then put the transmitter on the dog and it will work fine . I lost the rubber coating off the transmitter , garmin is supposed to send me a new one - I am using the other one with a piece of rubber hose on it with silicone caulk in the end . it works well-garmin wants my broken antenna - I will wait to see if they send me a new one first .
 The rebate advertised for this product is NOT for this product , but rather for the update to the dog collar transmitter.The rebate requires you to own both the DC20 dog collar AND the DC30 dog collar . You can purchase both if you wish , but if you buy only the handheld unit and the DC20 , which is what this product listing is , you will NOT get the rebate.Beware . Your price after rebate is NOT $ 349.99 . It is still $ 399.99
 I do n't hunt , but I hike with my dog . Being a bird dog , she instinctively runs far from me , and I was always afraid I would n't find her.The Astro is very easy to use , which is great for a dog tracking novice like me . The compass screen points to where she is and how far away , and the map shows the routes we 're both taking . There is a lot more information , like the distance she 's traveled , her average speed and plenty of other things that I have n't figured out yet . Every time I use it I find something new . The best thing about it is that I do n't worry if I do n't see her . I love it!The only problem I have had with it was a broken antenna , but it was easy and not too expensive to replace .
 My best buy for a long time . And Amazon and the seller did all very well and quick . The Garmin Astro is best choice for hunting dog tracking.Yours KaiFinland
 I ordered this great package . It arrived in 2 days faster than J&R . Great value and super fast shipping . Thank you
 Got this item for my NIKON DSLR and SB-900 flash - I could not ask more , I can work effortlessly , with this now . Help me to think of other elements while I shoot , once I set the camera and flash right . Recommend it .
 I 'm on a dual Canon and Nikon system . I love the Nikon CLS system and have the legendary 105mm f/2 .8 VR , SU-800 , R1C1 -LRB- R200 -RRB- , and a couple of SB-600 / 800 that I shoot products with , like diamonds , rings , and jewelry in general . This is the setup I use 80 % of the time , and I absolutely love it.Occasionally , I need a repro ratio beyond 1:1 , and since Nikon does n't have a lens that would give me beyond 1:1 repro ratio , I bought the amazing Canon MP-E 65mm -LRB- which Nikon has no equivalent of -RRB- that I also love along with a cheap Rebel body . Here is a problem
 Nowhere to be found in my town . bit pricier than expected but exactly what I was looking for . Fit my MoBo no prob .
 This litle guy does everything he 's supposed to . I used it to copy old recordings from a portable cassette player . It froze on me just once -LRB- during recording -RRB- but I just let the battery run down and it restarted promptly . Since I use it for daily biking I also bought an accessory case and a handlebar mounted speaker called Activetunes -LRB- $ 30 thru amazon -RRB- . The entire setup is incredible and allows me to safely listen to my own music on city streets .
 First off , I did n't want an ipod . I did a lot of research on the different players out there , b4 buying the creative zen 5 . I looked at zune , iriver , sandisk and samsung . I finally chose this one because it had the mp3 player , direct in-line encoding -LRB- u can record from another cd player w/out a pc -RRB- , fm radio , voice recorder , picture view capability WHILE listening to music , and video . I have n't been able to figure out the video conversion option yet , but all the other features work great . The pictures are decent -LRB- they look better than my cell phone camera -RRB- , and you can view them in the daylight . The 4GB holds alot !! I think I have about 20 full albums on there , 25 pictures , a 3 hour class lecture , and still 2.5 GB left ! It is a sturdy piece of equipment , and because it 's short and `` pudgy '' you wo n't have to worry about it bending in half -LRB- like the ipod nano -RRB- . Everyone on the subway was staring at it like they wanted one . Ipod made a copy cat version , that just came out this month . Stick with the creative - more value for the $ . I have had to `` reset '' my player , but n.b.d. it did n't erase any of my music . This thing is great .
 4 GB is amazing and although mine did not work , amazon sent me a new one , How is that for service ! UPDATE
 this player works great , never any problems and it works with vista . only thing is the ear phones are not comfortable at all , i had to spend another $ 20 on some phillips ones that are great .
 Had a Zen Micro for a bit more than a year . It worked OK but the batery life was not as good as advertised and the `` touch pad '' controls were a bit difficult to use , especially in colder weather . I decided to try the Zen V and was completely thrilled . The sound is excellent ; big punch for a small size and the controls are much easier to use . Congrats to Creative on a relly good unit for the price !
 The Creative Zen V was recommended by a friend . When I opened the box < I was a little surprised by the size . Its very small . BUT it performs very big . I use it to listen to audiobooks in the car and it not only holds an entire unabridged book , but it holds its place when I turn it off . A big deal . The iPod I tried would n't hold its place in the book and one would have to fast forward to the place you left off.I 'm learning new things about the Creative Zen every day and would highly recommend it to anyone .
 I use this player mostly for audio books . I download books from our local library system and transfer them to the player . The process is easy even for a non-techie like me . I listen to the recordings through earphones or through the car radio.The player works well for me and is easy to use . The only `` con '' I can think of is the earphones do n't stay in my ears very well .
 This is my first MP3 player and I 'm very happy with it . I was seeking portable music for airline travel and exercising so I wanted to be able to readily acces a variety of music genres . I do not download music just yet , preferring to transfer my CD collection into a more portable format . This player had all of the features that I wanted , namely folder organization , adjustable equilizer , line in for direct CD to MP3 player transfer . I 'm not particularly technologically adept , but this unit was extremely easy to use . If I can figure it out , anyone can .
 This is a great little MP3 player ! It is very user-friendly . I listen to books on MP3 and the quality is excellent . Very easy to find and organize titles . Can fast forward and reverse -LRB- unlike many players -RRB- . Does not run on batteries - has to be recharged . Charge lasts quite a while . I give this 5 stars . Best one I have ever owned .
 Love this product , it has more features , and costs less , than the iPod . It works just as well , but is frankly smaller . The smaller is a slight disadvantage if you are old like me and have poor reading vision , and the small controls can be difficult for my big fingers.But with all the features , it is well worth the inconvenience , for the lower prices.Jamie - Broken Arrow OK
 I received this player as a Christmas gift and I absolutely love it . So far I have not had any of the problems with it that other people report having . In my opinion the joystick is very easy to use -LRB- I do have a joystick on my phone so I was already used to it -RRB- and the menus are pretty user-friendly , although I do agree with the reviewer who commented on the documentation . The user manual is pretty sparse and does n't cover most of the features of the player . However , it 's very easy to find things if you play around with it a bit . The earbuds that come with the player are sufficient but I find them to be very uncomfortable and will be purchasing different ones . As several other people have stated , there 's no way I will be able to put more than about 700 songs on it but that is n't a big deal . The software took awhile to install on my computer but that probably has more to do with the fact that I have an old computer than anything else.I really love my little player and I recommed it highly .
 Purchased this for my son and it is an excellent MP3 player he enjoys it.Simple to use and small and the sound is incredible .
 I wanted to get a MP3 player , but not an Apple iPod . The Zen V is a nice alternative to the industry leader ... I had to upgrade the ROM via software to a newer version soon after purchase to stop a string of freeze ups that happened . I 'm enjoying the sounds , the battery life and the transfer software . Do buy the extra power supply to charge the unit without having to plug into the USB port on the computer.I have yet to use the recording features of this unit , but plan on doing so at some point . The picture viewing is OK , but the screen is so small , it is hardly worth the effort.Overall , I like this device !
 I just bought the Zen V and last night downloaded my first batch of songs to it . Kudos to the manufacturer ! The device is wonderful . The software makes it so easy to rip CDs and create playlists.The device works flawlessly and produces tremendous sound for its size !
 This product from Creative met and beat my expectations . First the size , it was smaller than a credit card , then the ease of use and last but not the least the quality of the sound it produced . I tried microphone recording which , even in an external out door setting with lots of other noise , was quite good.It is worth the money I spent on it .
 The Zen V is just the right size for me , both physically and electronically . It has plenty of storage for my needs , since I only want it for music , not pictures , video , or as a PDA . It took me a little time to get things organized to my liking , but accessing it via my PC made things a lot easier . The included software is excellent , allowing the aforementioned PC access and finding information on the CD being uploaded . I 'm an online music novice , but this makes it fairly easy . Nice work , Creative .
 I 'm amazed at how many people are still willing to pay .99 / track on iTunes and continue to march to the beat of Apple . Especially when there are options available that are superior in every aspect . I mean , who needs to actually `` own '' the music anymore ? I would n't pay .10 / track for the low sound quality -LRB- 128K -RRB- sludge that Apple is peddling . I also never burn tracks to CD anymore . As long as you pay your monthly membership fee on Yahoo -LRB- or Rhapsody or Napster -RRB- , you are only limited by how many CD 's your MP3 player can hold . Besides being portable , you can hook up the Zen to a good stereo in the house and listen with higher sound quality . This player , combined with Yahoo Unlimited Music service is the best deal for music lovers that I 've found . $ 10/month gets you unlimited portable listening . The Creative Zen V is a very good player -LRB- and I 've tried the iPod , the Dell DJ , etc -RRB- with extremely long battery life . It is smaller than a credit card and as thick as a AA battery . I thought I would miss being able to carry around 300 + CD 's the way I did with my Dell DJ , but with the easy USB song transfers from Yahoo , I really do n't need more than the 40-50 CD 's it holds at a time . The flash memory is nice - it absolutely will not skip - even if you jump off a cliff while listening . The color screen is very sharp and displays the album covers while playing tracks . I used a number of earlier digital players that Creative put out -LRB- Rio , Nomad -RRB- and have never been impressed - until now .
 Take a look at the 2GB versions of the Creative Zen V for lots of reviews .
 When i bought this player it cost about $ 40 less than the 4GB ipod . It more features built in than the ipod and it appears smaller , but still has the same sized screen -LRB- 1.5 '' -RRB- . The line in allows anyone with any computer knowledge at all to easily record anything ... though i have not used the mic yet i am sure it works great . I love that you can play videos on it without having to do anything crazy like install linux on your player . Though its not really that great watching videos on a 1.5 '' screen its definitely better than not being able to watch videos . In the five months i have had it , it has froze twice . That is perfectly acceptable , especially compared to computers.Overall a very good purchase .
 My brother , sister , and I bought this for our dad for his birthday . He knew we were going to get him an mp3 player and he actually told us not to . When I described all the features of the zen , especially that he could record records onto it , he became excited . But I had read the reviews -LRB- of many mp3 players -RRB- and so warned him that it might freeze or do crazy stuff . So far so good . He is really getting a kick out of recording his records to it and ca n't wait to listen to them in the car on vacation in a couple weeks . The only issue he has had is that he needed to have a stereo headphone adapter because when he used a mono adapter , the records only played on one side . He also complained about the lack of directions that come with the zen . Otherwise he has been very pleased .
 This model seems to have a battery life of about 12 hrs so it 's not really 15 hrs . The annoying thing is that the headphones are a bit too big and uncomfortable for my small ears . The creative media explorer software was easy to use to sync music from my pc but there were some files that could n't transfer with the smartfit option . The smartfit option allows me to compress the file that are transferred to the zen . The error that I got was that the music files in question might not be an audio file . Those music files transferred successfully when I disabled the smartfit option and transfer them as mp3 files . overall I feel this product offers a lot for its price but I would have liked a longer battery life . The charging time was not 6 hrs , it was actually about 31/2 hrs for me so I think that 's acceptable compared to the ipod or sansana .
 Overall I 'm very happy with the Creative Zen 4 GB media player . The only problem I 've had with it is that it freezes up if I try to fast forward through a song or try to scroll through titles too fast .
 i got rid of my 20gb ipod in favor of this , and i was happy . i got ta tell ya , i 'm super happy . this thing is great . i absolutely love the interface . the controls are probably my favorite of all mp3 players . my girlfriend wants one as well , and i was thinking about getting something different and then giving her mine ... but now i realize that i want to keep my zen v ! the size is just perfect . the battery life is outstanding , and putting music/photos on it is as intuitive as it gets . i like the explorer software it uses , but drag and drop is just as good . like i said , i had been using an ipod with itunes , of course . it worked ... sketchily for me , could never figure out why it would never function smoothly on my computer . and now that i have the zen , i ca n't believe how easy it is to organize and transfer music . so much smoother and simpler than itunes . i much prefer it.i really ca n't wait till the 8gb comes to america . i 'm definitely upgrading to that ... and my lady friend ca n't wait either ...
 I bought this for a gift , and after it got home i wanted to keep it . when the girl opened it i couldnt believe how small the device was , and comes with all the features anounced . i 'd call i an ipod nano killer
 This Product is a steal . It has everything an Ipod does , and is really simple to use . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a mp3 player without all the ipod fluff .
 I 've used this mp3 player for over 8 months . It has always been pleasant to listen music or watch videos on this . Sound quality is crisp , clear . Video quality is very high , surprisingly enjoyable even on its small screen . The only thing is video file takes a lot of space as creative has its own format , which is cumbersome . But overall , I love it .
 I am very happy with my Zen V. I 've had two other players . The first was a Creative Muvo TX FM - an ok player but the controls were too hard to use and the screen tiny . I would have put up with it but it was stolen . My next player was a Sandisk Sansa m200 . I do n't even know where to start when describing everything that was wrong with the Sansa - it was a complete piece of garbage and made me feel ripped off on a daily basis . Due to Sandisk 's failure to fix the problems with the Sansa , I will never buy another thing from the company . Because I was reasonably happy with Creative , I went back to them for another mp3 player.The Zen V is just perfect . The size is fantastic - tiny as but it also manages to feel substantial in my hand . The screen quality is excellent . The menu system is very easy to use and the link to my laptop easy to use as well . The range of features is really amazing and well beyond other products . I have to record classes and interviews and I am very happy with the quality of recording - it 's not ` professional ' but is clear and certainly good enough for transcription . I have already recommended the Zen V to friends .
 This is a great MP3 player ! The controls are easy to use and the sound quality is great . I was pleasantly suprised by the overall size of the unit . Much smaller and lighter than I expected . Great for wearing during a workout.I would definitely recommend for the quality and the price .
 The price is better than Ipod 4GB . the zen does everything that you need and more . This is a great product .
 Has everything I need . Beautiful screen shows photos , contacts , and music selection perfectly with easy-to-navigate joy stick . Looks great , and sounds even better . However , its biggest strength could also be its biggest weakness . This puppy is SMALL ! Also , an important tip ... be sure to download all of the software and firmware upgrades before you start to transfer . It took me four times to transfer my music . But once I was done , I was a happy camper .
 It 's awesome . Con 1 -RRB- Too many features to count ; con 2 -RRB- you ca n't preview songs as you 're ripping them from a CD , so that sucks if you do n't know exactly which songs you want -LRB- or I have n't figured that part out yet -RRB- . Other than those two little things ; I would n't have any other MP3 player .
 This little thing will go any where you want it go . Very easy to use . My only complaint is that I have to buy a power adapter at extra cost to charge it using the AC outlet .
 I paid 130 bucks a piece for two of these for my wife and I and I 'm really happy with them . We 've had them for only a month and they do everything they are supposed to . They did however freeze up a few times when we first used them and we had to poke the reset button on the side , but nothing was lost an it has n't happend since the first week . I am very happy with my player especially because i use it for audio books . It plays the copy protected DRM format that my library uses for online rentals and has a really good bookmark feature . I spent alot of time researching players and for my money this was perfect .
 I just bought this a few days ago . Everything is fine , but the battery seems so short . I charged it with an AC adapter from gomadic and I definitely do n't get 15 hours ! I goes past the half way mark in about 3 hours and that is lame , but I do play around with it a lot . I also do n't like the volume control . It 's really hard to press and it should 've just been part of the joystick .
 I love this little MP3 player . I purchased it because my daughter borrowed my previous Zen and refuses to give it back . I absolutely love it . this way i have specific songs from my CD 's that I listen to the most at the touch of my fingertips .
 You 'll get your monies worth from this item , but get the bigger one to save time . You 'll realize how much more you want to do with this product after you get it , but there 's no more GB 's .
 It 's wonderful . It 's easy to use and easy to manage . I thought I would have a problem installing music or using the little joystick , but I found both to be a breeze . It connects easily to my car with my CD in wire , and to my friend 's cars with a cassette . My only complaint , and it 's slight , is the battery life .
 Like everything about it from it 's size to the sound . Earphones are great for factory throw ins . Pictures look good on it , colors are great ! My only negative was instructions were not detailed enough , it did not tell you how to change time and date . But I figured it out by trial and error .
 It has been working good . Had a few problems when we first used it . It kept freezing then deleted a album and it started to work better . Now there is no problems .
 This mp3 player has great features -LRB- like instant uploads from a CD player , a user-friendly menu , and extra functions for video , organizer etc -RRB- cool design that never scratches , and great sound quality . I have n't tried out any videos yet , but it 's ideal for music . The only problem is , and I 've seen many similar complaints on the Creative zen website is with the software . when I finally got my computer to recognize the usb I was quite impressed .
 this mp3 player is great . the main reason i bought this instead of an i-pod is because you can download music from a variety of sources and from your own cd collection . and it 's easy to use . the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because i ca n't figure out how to remove songs .
 I bought this for my niece for Christmas . I also bought her some music that I wanted to load up for her so she would be able to use it that weekend , so I loaded the software on my PC and charged it up for her . The unit itself is very nice , easy to use with a beautiful color interface . What I really disliked was the software interface . Having been spoiled by iTunes , I was disappointed by the hierarchy of the interface . Not having a lot of time to play with the software , I do n't know if it could be improved with other settings , but out of the box the software has a very old-style GUI . If the software was better , I would have given this unit 5 stars .
 It is the best m3 player I have seen around . Superb performance and sleek design .
 this is the best product , i purchased on amazon , i bought it as a gift for my hubby and he just loves it , he may forget anything , but never ever forgets to take his zen where ever he goes.i love it !!!!!!
 I WOULD ACTUALLY GIVE IT A 4.9 OUT OF 5 STARS ... IT IS EASY TO SET UP . THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE IS THE CONTROLS . . THEY COULD BE SET UP EASIER TO USE . . SOUND IS GREAT .
 I had a Zen Vision : M but I returned it because I decided I did n't need quite that much storage capacity and the hard drive seemed to sputter and whirr too often and I wanted the peace of mind that comes with owning a flash player compared to a hard drive player , so I decided to go with the Zen V since it 's interface is almost identical to that of the Zen Vision M 's -LRB- which I liked -RRB- . The first thing you will notice is the physical design . Initially I was n't that impressed , but it 's really grown on me . The height x width dimensions are comparitively much much smaller than the iPod nano . You can actually wrap your entire hand around the device , and the soft finish feels very nice in your hand . The second color that fills the seams of the player is a very nice touch as well.The music is organized your standard Artist-Album-Song interface that is becoming quite a bit stale in my opinion . Still , it 's as simple as you can get I suppose . The device officially supports album art although it seems to be very hit-or-miss in that regard in my experience . The screen is vibrant and colorful but is very hard to see in bright sunlight.The middle joystick is used for navigation and it works very well in that regard , although wedging your thumb underneath to move upward can be tricky sometimes and result in an accidental button push . A dedicated volume control switch is found on the side and a hold switch on top.The player syncs with WMP11 via USB connection . Syncing it is a snap although I was not impressed with the transfer speeds . Also , if you sync the tracks on your player back to another computer , album art will not be attached to the music tracks.One final note , if you are a newbie to buying MP3 players make note of the different sized models . Creative boasts that the 2GB model holds 1000 songs , but looking at the fine print reveals this is based on a 64kbps bit rate ! If you have no idea what that means , it means your music collection is most likely encoded at twice that amount , 128kbps , which is the general default setting for most ripping programs . So a rule of thumb would be to cut the the number of songs on the box in half.Summary : Pros : Excellent physical designEasy to use interfaceGood navigationGreat sound qualityCons : On-the-go playlist creation is flawedAlbum art support hit-or-missSlow transfer speeds from WMP11Accesories rarely available in brick-and-mortar storesUltimately , I recommend the Zen V over the iPod nano mostly on the strength of it 's vastly superior physical design .
 Update : The player freezes with no sound and with the screen on -LRB- displaying album artwork -RRB- , at random times and for no apparent reason . One of my two units had to be reset so many times that it can no longer be reset
 I recently received the Creative Zen V as a birthday gift and I could n't be happier . This is a fabulous little mp3 player.I too have had other mp3 players -LRB- had a horrible experience with a Dell DJ and a lovely experience with a Rio Sport -RRB- and this is a wonderful compromise between a bigger player like the Dell -LRB- or an iPod which I refuse to buy and become enslaved to Apple -RRB- and my little Rio.The Zen is tiny in overall size ; smaller than my debit card in dimension and about the size of a AAA battery in thickness . You can very easily drop it in your pocket and forget about it . A wonderful feature when you 're working out and do n't want to feel like you 're lugging around a brick!It comes with your typical set of ear buds but I prefer sport earphones that fit over my ears and they work just fine with the Zen.I 've got the 4 mb model and when I have it fully loaded with music , I average around 800 songs on the player.The interface to add music and manage playlists , etc. is incredibly intuitive and easy to use . It ca n't get any simpler than the command entitled `` Load player with music '' ! You can also use regular old drop-and-drag to add music as well.The battery life has been phenomenal and I have yet to run it down completely even after listening to it most days while at work and in the evenings when working out . -LRB- Any time you have it plugged into your pc to add music , remove music , etc. it 's getting re-charged ... -RRB- The screen is very clear and easy to read for the small size of the player itself . Again , navigating around the player is very intuitive . You can add and remove features from the main menu screen as it suits your needs . The controls for playing songs , controlling volume , etc. are also easy to use and pretty much idiot proof.I love flash players because as others have said , they never skip a beat no matter what you 're doing and the Zen is no exception . I run on streets , sidewalks and uneven terrain and there 's never any worry about rattling the player too much as you bounce around.All in all I could n't be happier with this player , especially for the price ! I would -LRB- and have -RRB- enthusiastically recommended this to anyone in the market for a simple to use player that 's inexpensive and can hold a ton of songs !
 I have had my player for a month now . I did some extensive research before I bought mine and found that every MP3 player on the market had problems with freezing . I was not paying attention when I bought the ZenV and thought it had an FM radio , which it does n't -- my fault . It does n't matter though because I am quite happy with it 's performance so far . Out of all the players I have researched this one has the best ratings per number of people who have responded . My player did freeze up on me once , but I was advancing quite quickly through the now playing selection - no different than if you do too much with your PC at one time.I will agree that the booklet does not include enough information about the details of working the player . I must say I learned alot more from reading the reviews of the player than the instuctional book . I keep a pin with me when I use it , but like I said , I only had to reset it once.I have no complaints about the speed of the installation or transfer and ripping of music . To me everything was fast enough . I could understand how having to plug your player into your computer to charge it would be a hassle while travelling . So buy the adapter . At the price of this player it 's not that much more . Plus if you do n't travel alot , you must sleep ... sometime . It takes six hours . If you do n't get six hours of sleep , you work too much . If you ca n't live with out your player for six hours , you need help . And , you only need to charge it that long if you let it die . Plug it in when you sleep and you 're fine .
 I was debating whether to buy this or the Zen V plus , and I am happy I bought this one and saved $ 30 . The Plus has video , but I do n't have any intention of watching thumbnail-sized movies -- especially considering how fast video eats batteries . The sound is very good for an MP3 player -LRB- almost as good as CDs if you choose the highest recording quality -RRB- . I bought this player in large part because it has a bookmarking feature for audiobooks.The controls are pretty intuitive and the buttons are in good places.There are some drawbacks :1 . Creative will charge you -LRB- some ridiculous amount -- $ 13 I think -RRB- if you call their tech support after the first 60 days .2 . The battery is really bad . It is built into the machine , and it recharges extremely slowly . I would prefer regular old batteries like my old iaudio had . I 'm not looking forward to the time when the built-in battery becomes weak . I will have to send in the entire machine to the company so they can put in a new battery , almost certainly at a high price . The majority of other players are also like this , however -- I do n't know why the designers think people want non-removable batteries . Also
 Wanted to record CD 's , cassettes , LP 's ... w/out bothering the computer.If you have headphone output , the inline record works . Direct to this little cutie . Have to adj. volume & it takes as long as the song plays , but I think it 's great .
 This is a great little MP3 player . I can use almost any program to sync it with and I can add songs one by one if I want . Creating a playlist is incredibly easy , as as editing them ! The only drawback on the entire thing is that the instruction manual was n't completely clear on everything and I had to go to the website for some answers , but the website is very helpful and I was able to get the information I needed . HIGHLY recommended !!
 Recently I was heartbroken when I misplaced my 30gig video vision M. Music makes my world go round , as a college student i sometimes have a long walk across campus to get to my next class and music helps me focus . As such set out to buy a new creative zen , having been so impressed with the last one . I selected the V for a few reasons :1 . the size - it 's very very tiny , it fits in the fifth pocket of women 's jeans that is normally used for chapstick ! 2 . the price - It 's comparable to the Ipod with features I want more3 . the Zen name . I 've never been let down once by them4 . the design - I love when I walk into a class and my classmate pulls me aside to ask me what MP3 player I 'm using because it looks nice and they are fed up with their IPod or Itunes . everyone says it 's one of the nicest looking MP3 players they have seen , and when I tell them details they all say they are going to drop their old I pod and make the switch.I have now had my V for about two months and I 'm glad to report that I have not had any of the operating issues that the negative reviews on this site claim . There is one downside of the V and that is the lack of products designed for it , but they are not impossible to find . amazon has a wide range of cases and other things to go with the V.I have never found a type of file it didnt play in the strictly music realm and the recorder is great for lectures and other things you might want to listen to later . over all a very nice little product .
 My irrational desire to possess a tiny movie playing gadget eventually led me to buy the 4GB Creative Zen V.Of the video MP3 players available on Amazon , it seemed to have the fewest negative reviews . Other video MP3 players made by different companies tended to die quickly and could not be revived or fixed.I 've owned mine for about 3 months and it 's still working . I 'm generally happy with it.The positive : - The controls are pretty easy to manipulate . The manual teaches you the basics and refers you to a website for the complete controls-The software seems to work well for organizing songs on the player and converting 30 minute video files to be played on the player-It 's impressively tiny-Good color and picture on the screen and good sound on the audioThe negative : - While the player 's flash memory is large enough to hold a full 2 hour movie and more , the conversion software ca n't seem to convert a video that is longer than about 30 minutes-This last point is sort of moot if you consider how rarely you 'll actually be watching something longer than a few minutes on a 1 inch screen . So , the tiny screen could be considered a negative when you realize the actual experience of watching a video.If you 've read this far , you may ask yourself if you really want a tiny video player . I 'm still charmed by this gadget , but I honestly never watch videos on it . It 's not often that a tiny video player is useful . It 's just kind of fun !
 I just got my Zen V for christmas and absolutely love it ! I got it mostly to download and listen to eAudiobooks and it works great . You can download books from NetLibrary and -LSB- ... -RSB- Unlike listening to audiobooks on CD , you can set bookmarks anywhere you want to leave off . You can also fast forward and reverse whithout going all the way back to the previous bookmark . I find the buttons easy to navigate . I also received the Zen Aurvana headphones -- they really do enhance the sound quality and block out ambient noise .
 The Creative Zen V is very small in size , but large in value . It has a great scratch resistant surface and packs in a very nice GUI and features . Sound quality is excellent.See my full review of this player here
 Before I review the product I want to say the price for the product was outstanding . Amazon did it yet again.I bought the Creative Zen for my son as a birthday gift . I have one and love it better than my Wife 's Nano . I subscribe to several teckie newsletters and the Zen has been getting rave reviews . My son manages the computer dept. at work and asked spacifically for the Zen . I think if more people new about it that it would give the Ipod a run for its money . They should start an ad campaign in the written and television media .
 So small but packs a big punch ! Lots of memory . Easy to use , once you really get the hang of the little blue dot in the middle -- which is the control -- Wow.My only complaint are the earplugs -- not bad but certainly not great ! will probably have to upgrade to another pair .
 I 've had one of these players plus an 8 gig and the Creative Vision M for almost a year now and they are all excellent music players . I have had no technical problems . They are easy to use and have good sound quality however , I ca n't vouch for the earbuds that come with them because they were too big to go in my ears . It is easy to download or transfer music onto them as they accept a wide variety of files . Video quality is good even on the smaller players . Creative gets my vote over IPOD everytime . It 's a superior product -LRB- or at least an equal one -RRB- that has more features -LRB- i.e. radio tuner and video capability on smaller machines -RRB- for a lower price PLUS they do n't force you to shop at iTunes . I would buy another one in a heartbeat .
 It 's small , which is good , comes with a nice pouch to hold it and the ear pieces . The ear pieces that come w / it are not very comfortable , and the unit is not extremely easy to use , but overall I like it .
 The 2.5 mm To 3.5 mm Stereo Audio Jack Adapter -LRB- 2 rings -RRB- , when connected to the Samsung E105 2.5 mm Universal HF Adapter -LRB- 3-rings -RRB- and then connected to a Samsung Cell Phone -LRB- SHG-T309 -RRB- enabled a clear audio connection to my computer . Works just like it was designed to do .
 Although these types of adapters may be listed for a certain model , this one will work for anything that requires a 2.5 to 3.5 adapter . It works great with my TMobile SDA , and any others I have tried . Being able to use any headphones -LRB- or speakers -RRB- with this adapter really makes the media player functionality of a cell phone worth it .
 I got the product in 2 days . I was shocked . Works wonderful with my cell phone . Will sure be ordering from Amazon again . I already have many , many times .
 works for a tape adapter in the car stereo . also , I think it 's an accident the Treo will work as a speakerphone if you receive a call with it connected , however wo n't work if you dial out that way . FYI
 Inserted this adapter into a Samsung a930 phone , and it plays stereo sound through headphones . If you twist or move the adapter on the phone jack side , it does crackle a little bit , but it is almost unnoticeable . I would recommend this if you are going to use it for trips or airplanes , but nothing like running or where constant movement is involved .
 I ordered 2 of these adapters on Sunday , they were delivered on Saturday . These are stocking stuffers for my grandchildren so they can listen to music on their cell phones . The size is correct and the price was great . Thanks for making my tweens happy .
 I bought it for use with my Alias 2 phone . I needed the `` L '' jack because I wanted to put the phone in an arm band to listen to music while I worked out . I do n't know if it is the phone or this jack -LRB- which is why I gave the 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- but if I have the jack plugged in all the way , I can only hear music out of one of my earbuds . I remedied this by wrapping a clear goody brand clear elastic around the jack so it does n't go in all the way and I can hear out of both of the earbuds . The sound seems pretty good , and you ca n't beat the $ 3 for the adapter . Radio Shack wanted $ 10 for an adapter , and it was n't even an `` L '' jack . I hope this helps !
 lasted over half a year and still going . It is a great product to plug any headphones into . Definitely the best alternative for the lg chocolate phone .
 These are great to have . 2.5 to 3.5 is one of those things in life that you ask . Why me lord ?
 I do n't know who came up with the idea of fitting a 2.5 mm stereo jack to the Treo 650 , and above all , why ? There might be a reason , but we shall never uncover the truth.This $ 6.99 cable will save your life . There are a handful of these adapters on the market but this one is the best , because it is flexible , and also , because the way it is designed , it wo n't ruin your device by bending the jack input.Pros
 It 's just a cable , I did n't have any issues . Works fine with my Nokia E51 . Note you want the 2-ring variant -LRB- this one -RRB- not the 3-ring variant if you have regular headphones . If you have headphones w / integrated headset you need the 3-ring variant .
 The format is great . . having it a little bit longer makes it more flexible so you put your Treo in the pocket and the risk of having the plug disconnected is low . Great product .
 Did what it was supposed to do , although the cord between the two ends is much longer than is shown in this picture , which was kind of disappointing as I wanted to avoid having extra cords to get things tangled in .
 I use this for my motorola cell phone to listen to the music . Someone said the sound only come out from one side , you only need to pull the plug out a little bit . That is because for a headphone designed for cell phones there is an additional ring for mic , so when you plug this one in , that may or may not line up exactly , so you need to pull it out a little bit .
 Awesome Sound ! I wanted a more factory sound , not the trunk `` rattling '' sound you hear when people have boost really high and crossover really low . Many experts that have all the best equipment in their cars get into mine and think I have the best because it sounds so good ! Then they see the blue box in the back with Dual on it and are suprised . The key is you have to know how to mess with the settings . I set mine to a more `` Lexus , BMW , Benz , premium sounding system '' , not a `` competition in the high school parking lot '' war - and if you do this they wont hit `` hard '' if you will . I just have infinitys on the doors , a sony deck with DSO -LRB- Dynamic Soundstage organizer -RRB- that raises the treble and makes it seem like there is an imaginary tweeter at the top corners of you dash , Boston Acoustics 6x9s on the back window deck , that provide good mid treble , and allright bass for the rear , then the dual , and use your sony deck so you can cutoff the other speakers below 100Hz cause this dual will handle the rest with the boost not maxed out on the sub amp . Then the others with have maximum clarity at high volumes cause the bass wont be blowing them for a classic expensive premium sound .
 The Athena FS-2 floorstanding speakers are some of the best reviewed anywhere , probably because at their price-point , they are unsurpassed in quality . Mid-range frequencies are crisp ; bass reproduction is sharp ; and higher frequencies for percussion instruments are vivid without being fatiguing . All-in-all , as many have said before , the overall sound quality can best be described as `` transparent '' -LRB- i.e. the listener hears the music as if `` there '' . -RRB- I replaced some older Pioneers with these as mains in my HT setup . And although I 'm not fond of the silver front , the sound quality more than makes up for introducing a mismatch color scheme in my all-black system . If you are unfamiliar with speaker manufacturers , note that Athena 's parent is Audio Products International Corp. -LRB- API -RRB- , which also markets speakers under the names Energy , Mirage , and Sound Dynamics . And if the FS-2 is a little out of your price range , buy the lower-priced FS-1 , which has one 8 '' Woofer vs. the dual configuration of the FS-2 , with a slightly smaller frequency range.One final caution
 I debated the star rating for a while ... for the price , these are 5 star speakers , but then what would I rate a better , much more expensive speaker?I 've been blown away three times while auditioning speakers . The first time was a pair of Sonus Faber Grand Pianos - $ 3,500 / pair at the time . They provided what I can only describe as a religious experience . The second time was when I listened to the Athena F2 's . They filled the room with music that was effortless and unstrained , and created a soundstage that brought the music to life.The third time I was blown away was when I heard the price of the Athena F2 's . I purchased them on the spot and I 've been happy ever since .
 These are fantastic sounding speakers for the money . Only trouble is they are listed on Audio Advisor 's own website as being priced `` $ 399 PER PAIR '' . An Amazon pricing error ? If you are planning on purchasing these speakers , check out this price discrepancy .
 This is the second Tunebase I have owned -- the first being replaced due to it 's incompatibility with my new iPod 's form factor -- and I find that it answers quite nicely . The plug fits snuggly in the power outlet on my '01 Stratus . The radio broadcast is very clear.I especially like that it is capable of displaying quite your selected radio station on the iPod 's screen . I also like that it comes with something like nine different adapters to accommodate a wide variety of iPods.All in all , I am very happy with this product , and have no complaints whatsoever .
 You get what you pay for . All of the items work but for me the TTL Flash cord is the most cheaply made item in the package . I had to add rubber washers to the flash connecting end to keep it from spinning while the flash is connected . It now works fine . I also had to send back all the batteries and the charger because they did not work . They were also returned promptly . Overall , still worth it for the money .
 Extremely convenient for travel or times when you do n't want to hook your Archos up to a computer . The tip exchange allows you to add tips for other devices .
 We consider this a most valuable tool when traveling to places where the electricity is not reliable and foot trails not well lit . For emergencies or just plain lighting up the doorway to insert your key , it 's a very useful advice and has rescued us more than once . Wish more electronic products were windup or solar generated .
 I 'm not an audiophile , I just wanted a pair of good ` bookshelf ' speakers for general use . I 'm entirely happy with how these sound , I 'll be using them for years .
 I have the Athena S2/P2 combo for my front speakers and I played these speakers as the front pair to break them in and they sounded great . They are not a deep as the S2 -LRB- especially with the P2 -RRB- but sound great . Very clear , the lower end simply rolls off and does not distort the speakers . For the price It ca n't be beat . If I was starting over again I would simple by the Point 5 set with a sub and be done ! Great speakers . Sound great and are nice and small . Athena makes great products !
 This is my first experience with satellite radio , and I 'm very pleased -- the sound quality is fantastic -LRB- I live in an area which gets lousy FM reception , due to all the hills , so it 's a great relief to be able to get radio without static -- or commercials -RRB- . ESPECIALLY no commercials
 Product arrived promptly and in perfect condition . We love the Sirius Satelite system . We never listen to the radio any more ! I purchased this for my husband for our anniversary and he had it hooked up in less then an hour of receiving it . He is constantly listening to the NFL stations and all the games . The instructions on Sirius were great in helping direct the antenna for the house unit . There have been no issues with signal connection . I would highly recommend this unit .
 I bought this Kenwood Sirius car and home system and it is the best deal out there ! Sirius provides much better content than XM in my opinion . So I went with this unit . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Pros : Very easy to read display . Very well made . Everything I would expect from satellite radio.Cons : FM modulator is poor -LRB- not a real problem I just plugged it in direct thru AUX input -RRB- . No accessories out yet -LRB- Boombox Please !!! -RRB- Here 's a tip about the antenna for your car ... Find anyway possible to put it on your roof as the directions state . I had the antenna on the trunk of my Integra and the signal would drop out for a second while going under overpasses and big trees . After moving it to the roof I have had much better reception !
 I was looking into both Sirius and XM last month , and between their online free trials , I found Sirius to have much better programming . I wanted to find a receiver that would work both in my car and my home , so I came to Amazon to read the reviews . This radio had very good reviews , so I went ahead and bought one.I could n't be happier . The radio gets very good reception , both in the car and in my home . Hooking up the radio took very little effort , and the home installation did n't require looking at the manual . I was able to get reception even with the antenna in my window.I was especially impressed with the reception in the car . Some of the streets I regularly drive down have a lot of tree coverage , but the signal has never gone out , not even skipping.The display is large and very easy to read , and navigation is very simple.I only have two minor annoyances with this receiver :1 . There does n't seem to be an obvious way to open the setup menu from the remote , although you can use the remote to navigate the menu once it 's up . You can open the setup menu by hitting the `` menu '' button on the receiver .2 . The back button on the remote is in the lower left of the remote , which is an odd placement.I would definitely recommend Sirius overall , and this receiver lived up to my high expectations .
 I love this unit in my home ran into free left and right rca inputs in my receiver . It works great and the station storage is easy to use . I am disappointed with it in my car . It broadcasts an FM signal to your car stereo and in my car the Kenwood deck has to be in one exact place to work at all and then the reception is poor . I just do n't bother anymore and will get a separate car unit eventually . I wished I had saved some money and bought one without the car kit but I do n't begrudge the cost since it works so well in the house .
 Got ta love this thing ! No complaints AT ALL !!! I even put my antenna on the dash of my car rather than running it to the roof and it 's still nice clear sound coming thru ! I doubt I 'll ever go back to regular radio . The song seek is a neat feature and easy to use . I guess the ONLY thing that would make it a better unit in my mind is a stronger fm modulator , it would n't make it across the room in my office , but I had a modulator I used w / my laptop and just plugged that in to the unit and it 's fine ... do n't count on much range though ! I 'd even recommend hardwiring it in the car unless you mount it fairly close to your head unit , but again , that 's a SMALL issue if you ask me , reception and over quality more than make up for it !
 I have owned the DRX710UL model & know people who own the 720 for about a year now and are not completely satisfied with Sony 's burners ... but then I gave it another shot and bought this and to my amazement Sony took leaps and bounds to improve this product . It has never failed once during 100 's of recordings & the Nero software that comes with it is completely compatible unlike previous models where they would fight with each other . I just plugged it in , installed the software and off I went burning DVD 's like crazy ... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BURNER if you are in market for one
 I bought this dvd writer recently and I have to say that it works great . After reading several other reviews of the device about the software that comes with it I decided to use my programs to write to the dvds and have n't had any trouble with it . I 've currently made about 10 dvds containing video , documents , and games ; everything works fine . I give this item five stars . Works for me .
 First of all , It 's a sony , meaning that it costs more money than a usual burner like this does , but in exchange you get the quality that in my opinion no other brand provides.Now , for the burner , it 's very small , it burns full DVDs very fast -LRB- 15 minute for a full 4.7 Gb DVD at 4x speed -RRB- , It 's external so you can take it anywere you want . It has n't given me any problems , and I 'm not expecting any.It comes with some burning software -LRB- nero -RRB- , which is cool , but the downside is that the software is labeled `` SE '' -LRB- Sony Edition -RRB- . I tried to use nero with another burner and it did n't work . I did n't really appreciate that . Other than that , I think it 's a great product .
 I think this is a great product . It has been very easy to use . The Nero software that came with the product leaves a lot to be desired . I am not at all happy with Nero . I bought this recorder to transfere my photo albums to DVD to play in my DVD player on the TV screen . Nero keeps telling me -LRB- in the photo slideshow mode -RRB- that I can only write once to a disk . It does n't matter if it is DVD R or DVD RW . It is impossible to write all your photographs to a disk , all at one time . You have to use several sessions to fill up the disk . I 'll have to find another software product to work with .
 After doing extensive reaseach for an external DVD burner , I decided to go with Sony 's current fastest burner . Sony has a terrific reputation for quality and as long as it 's under one year , Sony service is quite good.Pricing ... Amazon was n't the best price on the Internet , but based on Amazon 's reputation , this is where I made my purchase . The order came quickly to my residence .
 It 's been plug and play -LRB- using WinXP & USB -RRB- . I 've been using dual layer 8.5 Gig discs without any problems . The unit also shipped with a suite of Nero software -LRB- Nero 6 , Nero Backup , etc -RRB- .
 The product itself is very good , however the documentation is of the worst kind .
 This DVD player has been worth the money . Granted , it is more expensive than many others , but read the reviews on others ... they all have problems . The Sony 665 has problems and Consumer Reports was n't impressed with picture quality . Pansonics have glitches with playback , JVCs are almost as expensive ... there is a new Toshiba out that might be worth considering.The video and audio on this player are impressive ... and I 've had a Toshiba and Panasonic 5-disc changer in the past . The audio out of this player -LRB- digital connection to a Yamaha receiver -RRB- is incredible , much better than the others . There is a button for random play on the remote . I read people complaining about the noise on the Onkyo 701 ... there is n't a noise issue on the 702 . People also complained of long times to change discs on the 701 and 702 ... this is still ture but it is no slower than the Panasonic F87 -LRB- which I owned and returned -RRB- and the F87 claims to have a fast disk exchange.Having the 6th disk is nice and ordering it through Amazon/Crutchfield is an added bonus . The player arrived 24 hours after I ordered and I used the free/standard shipping . The item shipped from the east coast , so if you live out west , you might have to wait a day or two.Great product , no complaints , looks sharp , awesome performace . Highly recommend , despite the price .
 I needed a new player and decided to go with a changer -LRB- oh , I 'm so glad I did . They are so much more convienent than the single disc players -RRB- . I wanted a quality player that did n't make a spinning noise when playing discs . I was tired of hearing spinning noise at quiet points in the movies . I also wanted a player that had quality slow motion capabilities and progressive scanning.I did the research , shopped around , and talked to people and I settled on this model from Onkyo . Everything I was hoping for in my player has been realized.Only complaint is that the remote is not `` ergonomically '' designed and has no backlight . But that said , the remote is more sturdy and of better quality than some ergonomically/backlit remotes i 've had . And the Onkyo remote has more `` quick access '' remote buttons . A single button leads you right where you want to get to . For example , while watching a movie , if I missed some dialogue , I can just hit the `` Subtitles '' button on the remote and rewind a little to see it again with subtitles . Hit same button again to turn off the subtitles . So the remote is good too but not awesome in intuitive layout/placement of buttons . But the remote is also the least important thing to me because if it is a serious problem one can always get a universal `` high-tech '' remote if they do n't already have one.Best DVD player I 've owned yet . I 'm totally happy with it . i wanted to write this to let others know my experience who might also be wondering about this player . Good luck in your selection .
 I love the ONKYO product line , they have great features for the money , but unfortunately the high-definition playback modes offered by newer technology such as Super Audio - CD -LRB- SACD -RRB- or DVD-Audio is only available on the DV-CP802 model or higher , which comes in a price point almost twice that of the DV-CP702 at a current market price as of 12/04 of approximately $ 500.00 US . - Otherwise the DV-CP702 is an excellent choice .
 I have had the DV-CP701 DVD Player that came with the HT-S767c Home Theater in a Box for over a year and not noticed a single problem with the player . Several reviewers have noted a tint problem with the previous 701 player , but careful searching on the web has shown me that only two or three reviewers , whose reviews have been duplicated word-for-word across the web by parasite websites , have actually complained about the problem . Complaints always get posted more often than comments by satisfied customers . In addition , the HT-S767 , now upgraded into the S777 system , is a great deal for the money . While I love the multi-thousand dollar systems , sometimes you just have to use common sense and buy the great deal at a lower cost.While there are a few slight updates with the 702 player , I honestly ca n't find a reason for most people to go running from the 701 version to the 702 - especially if you find the 701 for a much better price.Now , if you are like me and you are using this player with an HD resolution system , you should also consider the newest players out on the market . In recent months single disk players have taken great leaps to include 3:2 pulldown , HDMI video/audio out , and internal upscaling to bring your DVDs up to HD resolution . In addition , you will soon see new players for the new standards of HD-DVDs and Blue-ray DVDs . These new formats are having a format war like beta and VHS had years ago . The winner will control the new DVD market - the one where DVDs match the higher resolution of your HDTV.Of course , it is likely we will soon see some companies on the leading edge of the newest technology offering all-in-one players . These will be able to play DVDs , CDs , varous video and audio formats like DivX , HD DVDs and Blue-ray DVDs . All are likely to have both HDMI and component outputs , as well as optical/coax digital audio outputs.This all comes to one point - if you need to buy a DVD player now , consider the future . Serious home theater folks will likely be buying a new player in 1-3 years no matter what they have purchased in the past . If you like the 701 or 702 , buy it , but realize the best is yet to come . These are great players for what they are - wonderful digital audio , but not cutting-edge on the video . To keep up with the pack , Onkyo will have to soon come out with HDMI outputs and upscaling , not to mention players that can handle HD-DVD or Blue-ray , whichever wins the war.As a note , if you want the best right now , investigate the HDMI output DVD players with upscaling to HD resolution - so far only about half actually do proper upscaling . Oh , and if anything I 've posted is greek to you yet you want the best system for the money , I suggest reading more about video standards before buying anything .
 I did not buy this through Amazon , but I have to let everyone know , it is an awesome product . If you run across the DV-CP701 , stay away . It has problems with showing green tint artifacts on backgrounds . The new 702 however has no problems and performs beautifully , especially when paired with the HTR S-760 Component HTiB . Great purchase , if you can find one !
 This DVD player is great ! I have been using it for about a month now and hav n't had a single problem with it . The picture quality is great and the sound is amazing using the digital audio out . I am using this player with a Onkyo 702 reciever and the pair work great together .
 I needed a new player and decided to go with a changer -LRB- oh , I 'm so glad I did . They are so much more convienent than the single disc players -RRB- . I wanted a quality player that did n't make a spinning noise when playing discs . I was tired of hearing spinning noise at quiet points in the movies . I also wanted a player that had quality slow motion capabilities and progressive scanning.I did the research , shopped around , and talked to people and I settled on this model from Onkyo . Everything I was hoping for in my player has been realized.Only complaint is that the remote is not `` ergonomically '' designed and has no backlight . But that said , the remote is more sturdy and of better quality than some ergonomically/backlit remotes i 've had . And the Onkyo remote has more `` quick access '' remote buttons . A single button leads you right where you want to get to . For example , while watching a movie , if I missed some dialogue , I can just hit the `` Subtitles '' button on the remote and rewind a little to see it again with subtitles . Hit same button again to turn off the subtitles . So the remote is good too but not awesome in intuitive layout/placement of buttons . But the remote is also the least important thing to me because if it is a serious problem one can always get a universal `` high-tech '' remote if they do n't already have one.Best DVD player I 've owned yet . I 'm totally happy with it . i wanted to write this to let others know my experience who might also be wondering about this player . Good luck in your selection .
 Very easy to install and use . It is great that you can have a full size mouse and a smaller portable mouse for the price of one . The AAA batteries you may have to change every month . Other than that , it is worth buying .
 My G4 Powerbook -LRB- Aluminum -RRB- was wheezing from battery-itis . Problem is that replacement batteries for Powerbooks are somewhat pricey . Apple would rather sell you a new Macbook than a replacement battery . TechFuel to the rescue . Their battery had the best specs and the best price , and it was guaranteed . Ordered , shipped , and the old Powerbook is better than new . -LRB- OK , I upgraded the OS too . -RRB-
 I used this for my car , and it works great . It 's a little technical if you want to install it in the trunk and use your MP3 player in the car while hiding the wires , but it does n't take long . Great sound quality and a much better value than other companies such as Dice .
 I had purchased and installed this product 's predecessor , model PA11 , into a 2003 BMW 325i , but it was getting flaky after a few years . I purchased this one as a replacement . The software changes in this newer model makes it even more functional , supporting title display on the radio and making good use of the multiple channels/tracks on the radio controls . I 'd already done the hard part of installing the cables both from the changer port and into the radio , so this installation was plug and play . Charges the iPod , efficiently supports and resumes operation from sleep mode , etc. . Not sure what more it could do that it does n't already do . Excellent product .
 It took all of about 10 minutes to install this in my 2000 BMW 540i . I did n't bother running the cord back into the passenger compartment . I just leave my iPod nano in the trunk . I set up 5 special playlists - BMW1 , BMW2 , ... BMW5 on my nano and it works flawlessly . Even after switching from one playlist to another , it remembers where you were on the old playlist when you go back . Pretty cool . Sound is great . The only thing that sucks is that I did n't buy this 3 years ago when my CD player went kaput .
 I installed this USA-Spec iPod adapter into our 2001 325 sedan . It turns out I did n't want the DSP model , but a call to the seller got the order switched to the proper unit : USA SPEC PA12-BMW - iPod in-vehicle interface adapter . It installed into the CD changer very easily , but it was time consuming to route the cables up to the glove compartment . There are some YouTube videos which detail exactly how to remove the seats , etc. to get the best result.We use a 4th generation iPod Nano -LRB- no camera -RRB- with the USA-Spec , and it controls and charges the iPod properly . The nano does display a message indicating charging is not supported , but it actually works . Sound is clear , and navigating the playlists works fairly well . Sometimes , it takes an extra button-press to advance the track , but usually it works flawlessly . Overall , a great solution for playing our music from the iPod in an older vehicle .
 sound quality is there , took under 5 minutes to have it operational . longer of course to hide the wires etc. glad to have purchased
 I have limited experience with photo scanners just to qualify my reveiw . As other reveiws and recommendations have stated , this thing works great right out of the box . I have been very impressed with its ability to produce very sharp reproductions of scanned prints and film transparencies.I highly recommend this scanner to anyone getting into semi-serious photo scanning .
 I bought this scanner to restore 35-year-old 35mm slides . I spent a few hours today experimenting with different settings , and I 'm delighted !! Most of my slides are dirty , but the Digital Ice technology is incredible . This setting does make for slow scanning , but I just start a scan of 8 slides and go do something else while the scanner does its thing . Would definitely recommend this product !
 I am pretty much a newbie at scanning , however it is my impression that this is one nice scanner . To begin with , the setup went without a hitch . I was up an scanning within an hour . I have tried the film and slide holders and have had successful scans with them . And all the scans I have made from pics have turned out well also . I ca n't speak to how an expert that has used many different scanners would review it , but I am more than pleased with it .
 So far it has performed extremely well on all its assigned tasks . Will let you know how it works as I get more involved with all its programs .
 Exceeds my expectations , both in ease of use and quality of output . I have n't yet used it for scanning slides and negatives , but look forward to the experience . Incidentally , I 'm using it with Photoshop CS2 rather than the provided version .
 I was forced to replace my scanner when I bought a Windoes Vista computer but this was worth it . Setup was quick and flawless , performance is excellent .
 At this price level , this is by far the best scanner I have purchased .
 Seldom have I been so pleased with a purchase at the start and SO disappointed after a few years!UNLIKE the Microtek scanner I previously owned that gave me nothing but aggravation from the git-go , I loaded the software , plugged the Epson 4990 in with the included USB cable and , using Photoshop as the platform , IMMEDIATELY scanned an 8 x 10 page of medium format negatives successfully . Eyeballing the colors , I did not think ANY correction was needed . I had NO PROBLEMS loading the software or with anything else.I subsequently read the CD contained instructions and found that I had failed to use the 8 x 10 transparent media placement guide . It worked ANYWAY!This scanner is particularly suited for `` serious '' amateur and professional photographers . It comes with negative holders for 35mm , 120 and 4 x 5 sheet film . In addition , as noted above , it will also scan the whole 8 x 10 inch area so you can do proof sheets from your transparent negative file pages.I also scanned a music CD cover and liner , using Photoshop to convert the liner to black and white , and a 4 x 6 color photo . The scanner worked perfectly on all . The resolution of the four to six point type of the CD liner was crisp . This was a scan as a reflective image and NOT using OCR software.Since I wrote my original review , I have had an opportunity to try the scanner with Caere OCR software . The 4990 did a spectacualr job of reading some old documents . It only had problems with type that was over a severe fold in the paper or obscured by marks from the very old photocopying processes . This is to be expected.A little less than five years after I bought this scanner and having used the `` transparent media adapter '' -LRB- TMA -RRB- just a few times , the TMA DIED . The TMA , and capability to scan four 4X5 sheets of film simultaneously was my primary reason for purchasing this then top of the line scanner . Since the scanner was long out of warranty , I took it at my expense to an authorized Epson repair facility for diagnosis . A part that held the pulley in place for the TMA light source had BROKEN OFF within the TMA . I was advised that it could NOT be repaired . I contacted Epson customer support who told me I would need to buy a COMPLETE new TMA unit.Not only was Epson not willing to sell directly to me -LRB- instead , I would have needed to buy through an authorized repair facility and pay them a fee or commission for their `` trouble '' in placing the part order - NO installation is required for this part -RRB- , but Epson was also asking the full list price for the part , almost $ 300 ! I felt that I was not treated with respect as a `` valuable customer '' by Epson . They lost a long time loyal repeat customer!Incidentally , after some research , I bought an HP G4050 photo scanner , complete with TMA , for less than $ 200 ! It can not handle FOUR 4X5 negatives at one time ; only two at a time , but it works well , was brand new with full warranty for less than the cost of the replacement Epson TMA AND I like the scanning software better !
 This is a nice scanner . BE CAREFUL to UNLOCK BOTH transportation locks !! Epson should really put an electronic kill switch for those who mess up here . I skimmed the instructions since I 've set up numerous previous machines and unlocked one lock but not the upper lock . Ooops ! Luckily the machine does n't seem to be damaged.The scans from 4x5 film are fantastic . Make sure to use a fair amount of unsharp masking in Photoshop when done scanning . I 've used 200 % , Radius 2.0 , Threshold 1 to extract more detail . When doing this , it is difficult to distinguish the result between the 4990 and that of an expensive drum scanner.A scan from a 35mm negative is much better than I expected . I 've made 8x10 prints from a scanned 35mm negative and it looks very very good.Scans needed minimal color correction which is a great time saver . I 'm quite impressed with SilverFast SE which is bundled with the scanner.The film holders could be better as they are a bit flimsy .
 I needed a machine to scan my collection of transparencies and color negatives . This model seemed to have what was needed . After loading the software , I began with Monaco EZ color and ran the calibrations and created the profiles for transparencies and reflective prints ; this was fast and fun . I was surprised with the closely matching results.The sharpness was very good ; it was so sharp that I needed the Digital ICE software to remove dust and scratches . This ICE is incredible ! Takes longer to scan , but is much quicker than cloning out all the artifacts . There is no loss of sharpness.I found the provided film holders to really work well with the automated batch system . All is square and cropped.I have scanned printer 's film and the original halftone dots held ; that 's sharp!Color negatives were more of a challenge ; this is normal for scanning input . A gray card or gray item in the picture helps as you can click on the preview with a tool to make the gray neutral ; `` click ! '' and the color snaps bright and clean!The software can be used several ways , with a Photoshop compatible plug-in , and several stand alone methods . It does fine with no special skills or Silverfast Ai has sophisticated controls for the adventuresome.This machine is for ALL users ! Kids , photographers of all levels , and professionals in the graphic arts . I am a drum scanner , photographer , and pixel artist ; this unit and software please me a lot .
 I use a Canon 9950F scanner at home , but chose this Epson Perfection 4990 for work use -LRB- to scan things like very hi-res B&W ; TEM negatives as well as 35mm slides -RRB- . So how do the two very similar priced and spec 'd scanners compare ? Well essentially in terms of the quality of 35mm negative and slide scans there is nothing in it . Both scanners provide high quality images at 2400 dpi but the miniscule gains in scanning at 4800dpi simply are n't worth the 4x increase in file size -LRB- to nearer 100Mb -RRB- . By comparing scan quality from both machines I really could n't find any significant difference at all . This is echoed by the very useful in-depth reviews of both scanners at independent photo-i . co.uk . The Canon 9950F has the advantage of scanning 12 slides or 30 negatives at a go compared to the Epson 's 8 slides or 24 negatives . The Canon is definitely a bit better built and put together -LRB- e.g. fitting the reflective plate is really fiddly on the Epson and their 35mm slide holder design makes removing slides slightly more tricky -RRB- . Canon 's in-house FARE dust removal is similar and a little faster than Epson Digital ICE -LRB- Kodak -RRB- dust removal . However Epson score 's highly with its far better TWAIN software and can scan up to full A4 negatives -LRB- the Canon is fixed to it 's film holder sizes to 4x5 inch max -RRB- . Both scanners are now supplied with Silverfast SE twain software as well as the in-house version . This is less useful for the Canon as Silverfast does n't support FARE , although it does allow the Canon to scan negatives to A4 . In order to get more functionality out of the Canon I have upgraded to Silverfast Ai for another $ 115 -LRB- still no FARE support though -RRB- - whereas with this Epson 4990 I am happy with the Epson TWAIN interface . This Epson 4990 also deals with odd film sizes like my childhood Kodak Instamatic 125 slides that are square rather than 35mm oblong - the Canon 9950F twain driver is so useless it chops off the top and bottom to fit them to 35mm size -LRB- and you ca n't do anything about it unless you use Silverfast without FARE dust removal instead -RRB- . Plus Sivlerfast supports ICE on this Epson.Scanned image quality is a little soft with 35mm film on both scanners compared to a Nikon slide scanner -LRB- although the out-of-focus effect at 100 % is also because the scanners have a higher resolution than the film grain -RRB- . Things like shadows and sharpen are best left to Photoshop post-processing rather than using the TWAIN options -LRB- I do use Photoshop CS2 not ` elements ' as supplied -RRB- . So the 35mm scans require things like Unsharp Mask -LRB- USM -RRB- and shadow/highlight . In fairness all digital camera images are normally highly image processed -LRB- e.g. noise reduced , colour balanced and sharpened -RRB- by the camera , so expect to use Scan/Scangear or Photoshop to do the same with scans . The 35mm film image quality is very good for the price , particularly with ~ 100 ASA slide , and very similar to that of the Canon 9950F -LRB- and appears rather better than results from my dedicated 35mm 2700dpi Benq Scanwit 2740S film scanner , particularly for cheap 400 ASA colour negatives and shadows - although these flatbed scanners need more twain and post-scan tweaking to get the best results -RRB- . Cheap colour negatives always scan very badly as they are often higher ASA -LRB- larger grain size -RRB- and were not deigned to be enlarged beyond A4.Scanning quality on anything else like photographs , A4 paper or large format negatives is naturally top notch , as the optimal resolution of 2400 dpi of these scanners is well beyond that of the source material - or the resulting image file size would be too enormous for any home/office use anyway . Even professionals would find these scanners OK for large 4x5 '' and larger negatives or working copies of 35mm . I have compared this Epson 's and the Canon 's output to that of 12,000 Imacon Flextight 484 drum scanner , and for my old consumer 100 ASA slides and film , there 's very little difference in image quality - the Flextight fuzz is a little sharper at full mag and dark shadows are resolved a tiny bit better with less noise -LRB- and do n't need ` shadow/highlight ' -RRB- , but that 's all - naturally the Flextight scans at for higher speeds though . So this Epson 's a highly recommended and incredibly versatile scanner - although also check out it 's new upmarket stable mates the Epson V700 and V750 at Amazon . These flatbed scanners have few benefits over far cheaper stable-mates if you do n't want to scan film or photographs though .
 Bought an Epson 4990 on Amazon 2 weeks ago -LRB- ... -RRB- -- with 3 to 5 day shipping . It arrived with little apparent abuse of the packaging and perfect product box within . The scanner is surprisingly small and light.This is a first impression review from firing up the scanner for the first time last evening . I skipped installing Photoshop Elements , since I have both Photoshop 7 and CS on my Apple G-5 . Just loaded the Epson software , then the Silverfast . Attempted to plug the Epson software into Photoshop CS , but it landed in Photoshop 7 anyway -- which is fine.The scanner can be accessed either through the separate Silverfast icon or by Epson software through import under file on Photoshop 7 . Wonderful scans of 120 and 4x5 B&W ; negative film by either route -- which together give a wide tonal range of initial scan results that fairly easily can be adjusted to look much alike . The B&W ; neg . setting in professional mode in the Epson software seems to capture the finer highlights in the film and Silverfast does well also.Quality of scans -- range of values and sharpness ? Having until now used a Microtek 1800F , I thought I was getting satisfactory results . Bought the Epson 4990 in hopes of squeezing better scans from my 120 neg and color film . Well , the Epson scans more than match the Microtek 1800F -- I compared results from identical 4x5 B&W ; negatives . Using autosharpening in Epson software , my first response to direct comparison of sharpness was simply ... HOLY CRAP ! The resolution the Epson is getting from the sharp negatives is simply remarkable -- noticebly sharper than anything I 've been getting using the Microtek . Both these scanners have fixed focus -- but the Epson removes all doubt that the focus is on the mark.This Epson 4990 is going to resurrect my years of accumulated 120 film that required , until now , a chemical darkroom to produce high-quality images . And I 'm wondering what 's going to happen when I scan 5x7 B&W ; negatives -- which for various flaws in the glass carrier and bugs in the scanning never produced usable results in the Microtek 1800F . Have n't attempted color work yet , so too early to rave beyond the B&W ; results . But last night 's tests proved the worth of the scanner to me for this purpose alone .
 I got this Epson scanner recently to replace an older HP Scan Jet that did fine scans of photos but was limited on size and quantity of film handling.The Epson comes with film holders/frames for :35 mm mounted slides -LRB- 8 per -RRB- ... this is a grid of plastic that you put on the glass , then put the slides in it to hold them in place . This is a bit clunky as you have to dig the slides out or pick up the holder and then the loose slides after scanning -LRB- wear gloves or clean the glass frequently -RRB- . Also , unfortunately , about a millimeter of the top and bottom of the image gets cut off . You may have to switch to a less convenient process to crop and scan individually .35 mm negs -LRB- 4 strips x 7 negs per -RRB- - there are two loose frames that snap down on 2 strips each ... 120 negs -LRB- 3 strips x 2 images though film strip can be longer -RRB- with attached hinged frame over each strip ... 4x5 negs -LRB- 2 -RRB- with individual attached hinged frame ... Unfortunately , under some conditions this splits the images into many smaller pieces , so again you may have to switch to a less convenient process to crop and scan individually.A `` film image area frame '' that defines the 8x10 area that will scan if you want to just put a bunch of loose negs on the glass.Although it is nice to have all the film-handling holders , you 'll need to figure out where you will keep them all when not in use . Do n't forget you 'll need to find a place for the cover you 'll remove from the lid to expose the lamp for film scans , as well . With the little `` door handles '' on some frames , the soft plastic-covered foam side of the removable cover , and the somewhat flimsy nature of the film area frame , you 'll have an inch high stack of frames to handle and protect.I have not delved into all aspects of the included software , but here are a few observations : Epson Scan has a simple `` Home '' mode for scans with minimal adjustments , or a `` Professional '' mode with a selection of tweaks if needed.The Adobe Elements is V2 .0 -LRB- now 4 versions out of date -RRB- , but it allows scanning a bunch of images into it -LRB- not all programs can do that -RRB- , so it is fine for that purpose -LRB- and the only thing I use it for -RRB- . SilverFast SE 6 seems to be an older version , and a `` lite '' one as well . Have not used it so I have no other comments except the manual is in 6 languages -LRB- usually a bad sign -RRB- . In fact , the instructions are only 17 small pages per language . You 'll probably learn by doing ... Also included is ABBYY FineReader Sprint OCR software to scan text into editable text documents . It works , though as with any OCR software , you 'll normally need to correct some typos.In some type of small glitch , after scanning a batch of images into Elements , I have to close Epson Scan before I can perform any function in Elements , such as saving a file . So , after I scan and save 16 or so images , I have to `` acquire '' Epson Scan again . This is not really a big deal , though I have to re-select the source every time , and there is no way to change the default from `` PDF '' to `` Perfection 4990 '' . If I did not have to close it every time , it would still be set for the scanner.I was a little skeptical of the image quality I would get by scanning negatives , but I 'm quite happy with the output - except for the image getting cut off on 35mm slides . I scan at 600 dpi , which produces 4x6/5x7-ish sized images -LRB- from 35mm -RRB- . I touch up the 600k-or-so sized JPGs -LRB- you can save as other formats such as TIFs in Elements if you need it -RRB- as needed using Firehand Ember . This reduces the size to around 100K , but keeps the dimensions and makes nice `` proof prints '' on the monitor.It takes perhaps 5-8 minutes to scan about 16 negs at 600 dpi . You can scan at 4800 or more even , though your scan time goes way up . If you use the ICE feature , you 'll want to find something to do between scans as the time is 10 minutes or so each.It 's a little pricey if you just want paper scans -LRB- you can do that for $ 100 -RRB- , but I 'm happy with the output , film handling -LRB- except 35mm slides -RRB- , and general ease of use . However , if you want cutting edge software , you 'll need to get that separately , or upgrade , I suppose .
 I bought the scanner to use mainly in my retail imaging business as a flat-bed scanner for photos and reflective art . I own several flat-bed scanners and I have other scanning solutions for film and slides . Imagine my surprise when this Epson scanner produced incredible scans of 35mm slides and negs . Nikon better watch your back.This Epson is the best scanner I have owned . The ICE feature works very well for film and slides but it is way overhyped for use on on prints . In fact , I am not totally sure it even works on prints , but I suppose it must do something.Using the ICE feature adds significantly to overall scan times . As a commercial production tool I would only use ICE when absolutely needed . You can grow whiskers while waiting for the thing to finish . That said , when I ICE 'd 35mm slide scans -LRB- even dirty ones -RRB- they looked absolutely pristine.The Epson software is good and they also throw in Silver Flash which is becoming an industry standard.This scanner is sooooooo quiet . Compared to my noisy , squeeky , Microtek flat-bed scanner ; well , there really is no comparison . Sometimes I have to put my ear to the Epson just to see if it is working.Fit and finish is near perfect . Amazon delivered a well-packed product , on time.As a side note , if you want the very best `` movie-style '' scanning training on the web , go to lynda.com and look for Taz Tally 's videos on scanning basics . I do this stuff for a living and Taz has been an invaluable aid . Actually , lynda.com is the best web-training anywhere.RonR
 We needed a scanner that could scan 3 x 5 B&W ; negatives from an old electron miscoscope . When the computer running a 1995 model HP transparency scanner -LRB- the scanner still works -RRB- broke down and we could n't find a computer or motherboard that had ISA slots -LRB- and was worth a damn -RRB- , we decided to buy a new scanner.The Epson Perfection 4990 scanner is very nice . The old HP had a huge lighted panel that covered the entire scan area , but this one has a very bright bar that lights up and scans along with the reader . The scan time is a little slower than the old HP , but I think the old HP was quite a professional top of the line model.Like I said , the Epson scanner itself is great . The images come out completely awesome and up to a very high resolution . But the software is lame . Like most Epson products the software wants to automatically do everything that you do n't want to do . The scanner comes with two scanning programs , one by Epson and a program called Silver Fast . Whatever you do , do n't even run the Epson program -LRB- install it , but do n't use it -RRB- if you want to scan negatives . It assumes , and there 's nothing you can do about it , that you want to scan 35mm color film , so whatever you scan , it slices it into neat little film strips for you -LRB- how convenient -RRB- . Also , it makes you use these totally worthless film holders that really only serve to bring dust and scratches to the scanner window.The Silver Fast program , on the other hand , will allow you to actually do what you want , but getting there is far from obvious . The manual really stinks , and although there are little Quicktime movies on every bar to tutor you on what you need to do , they are narrated by a guy with a soft German -LRB- ? -RRB- accent and assume that you are a doing a magazine or brochure layout or something . In the end they are no help . If you are using it for any other applications , you are on your own trying to figure it out . Well , after about 30 minutes of toying with it , I finally got Silver Fast to do what I wanted and the whole thing works like a dream.My advice is to buy this scanner if you need to scan film negatives and transparencies , but do n't throw it through the window when you ca n't figure out the software right away .
 I purchased top of line Epson scanner after comparing reviews of Epson and Canon . I picked it because of Digital ICE technology and because software was easier to use.I have in the last thirty days scanned nearly 700 35mm negatives -- the scanner is going almost day and night.It has met my expectations.The only thing I like to see improved is the negative holder which is a bit flimsy .
 I 've been looking for a way to scan slides and negatives and tried an Acer ScanWit a few years ago . But it was SCSI , could only scan four slides or one negative strip at a time and removing dust and scratches from the resulting images was really tedious . So I gave up pretty quickly and put the binders of negatives and slides back on the shelf.Finally , last month I figured I 'd try again . Read the reviews and settled on this scanner , mostly because a -RRB- I have a 5 + year old Epson 1640SU that I 've been happy with ; b -RRB- prefer Firewire over USB2 because there are no bandwidth-sharing issues -LRB- long story -RRB- ; 3 -RRB- it claims to have Vista support.Turns out the Vista support is kind of a an illusion
 This scanner is the sharpest , user-friendly and fastest flat bed scanner I have ever used .
 With the discontinuation of Canon 's popular and highly rated Canoscan 9950 F , the Epson 4990 is by default the new flatbed color scanner champ . I do n't think I 'm just going to wait while Canon gets around to coughing up a new and persumably better successor to the 9950 F . What arrogance ! I 'm switching to Epson today.Canon = STUPID .
 I bought this scanner based on the number of positive reviews that it had received . It is a good photo scanner , but I 'm not so sure a great photo scanner . Perhaps it 's just Epson 's default settings , but I 'm not a professional so I place a lot of faith on it being right ` out of the box ' . I have a less expensive HP 5370C that does a much better job on transparency scans -LRB- slides , negatives , etc. -RRB- I also do a lot of line art scans involving pastels . The 4990 Photo is inconsistent to say the least . Some pastels it can interpret fine , some it just washes out and with others , it does n't even come close to what the actual color is.It does some things pretty good , but at this price point I was expecting more .
 This is my fourth scanner , and with it , I can do practically everything . with very hard work , I scanned my 14000 slides with an older scanner - with this one I could have done it more that twice as fast . It even scans the very small negatives of my wife 's old Minolta quite well , not to mention the 500 4X6 negatives I scanned . Normal scanning is a snap . I can recommend this scanner to anybody who is willing to spend a bit extra for versatility and quality .
 This might be more than you were planning to spend on a scanner , but you wo n't be sorry . Seems well made and produces outstanding scans . I have been using it for photos and some quite old 35mm slides and have been very pleased with the quality , speed and ease of use .
 To summarize , I just have to say , this device scans perfectly ! If your looking to get your money 's worth and get excellent quality scans , then look no further . Trust me , you WO N'T be disappointed !
 After doing a lot of research on which scanner would be the best for our photo-archiving project , I settled on the 4990 because of the great feature set and the consistently high reviews . After playing with my machine for about a month now , I believe that not only is the 4990 a great tool on its own , but the software that accompanies it is , alone , well worth the price that I paid for both hardware and software . The only downside is that the edition of Photoshop Elements is 2.0 instead of one of the more recent releases . Still more than powerful and useful enough for the amateur photo-archivist .
 I purchased the Epson 4990 after reading good comments about the quality of film scanning . My primary purpose was scanning 5x7 and 4x5 B+W film and it has been great . Very impressed with the dust remoavl feature and when unsharp mask is applied in photoshop the sharpness is great . I would n't hesitate to recommend this scanner for medium to large format film scanning .
 I needed to convert a bunch of old photos and slides into a digital presentation format -LRB- powerpoint -RRB- and my old scanner was not going to manage the job . I ordered this scanner after looking at many reviews , both on Amazon as well as on other sites . This scanner is a bit pricey , and a bit large , but it really does a nice job with all the jobs I have asked it to do . Even old photos that are washed out , look much better after scanning using the ICE technique , and color correction . Scanning multiple slides at one time is a time saver . The packaged software is simple to use and works well . I am using the scanner with Adobe Photoshop elements 3 , already on my computer , even though it comes with elements 2 . It was easy to set up and I have not had any problems with it.It also does a fine job with print , although I may need to obtain a higher grade OCR program for more extensive importation into my word document and text aloud programs .
 Since I bought the scanner I just did minor work with it.The software was very easy to install.Still have to take it to the test , so far so good !!!
 I was looking for the best scanner with Digital Ice . I purchased and returned a Microtek i900 because I did n't like the gray reflective document mat . I use scanners frequently to copy and digitize documents and wanted a white reflective mat.The Epson Perfection 4990 does a superb job with photos , documents , and film . I 'm extremely happy with this purchase and feel I 've obtained a scanner that will meet my needs for years to come.If you expect to scan in any film or prints that are creased or torn , make sure you get a scanner with Digital Ice . Nothing compares to this technology -- it 's a must have .
 I bought this scannner for my father who is a professional photographer but isnt as savy about computers as he should be . He 's working on a book which involves a lot of photography and thus a lot of scanning of his photographs . So far , this scanner has worked extremely well by delivering high quality scans with an interface that 's simple enough for my computer novice Dad to understand . I work as a video editor and was pleased enough with the scanner that I 'm ordering another scanner for the company I work for .
 I forst tried the Canon 8600f which was a fine scanner , but poor at 35mm slides and negatives . Resolution on 35mm films was mediocre , and color balance was consistently poor . Upgrading to the Epson 4490 from the Canon brought slightly better resolution , and significantly better color with it . The Epson moving light source is obviously superior.Going from the 4490 to the 4990 I did n't expect much of a benefit for 35mm sources , since the optical resolution is the same on both . I was surprised to find that in addition to the increased dmax -LRB- which helps significantly with underexposed slides -RRB- the resolution is again a step up from the last . I was considering trying the V700 , but I am now getting adequately sharp scans from my 35mm media.Also , for those wondering ... digital ICE is FARRRR superior to Canon 's FARE . I am a Canon user exclusively when it comes to photographic equipment . I was surprised the Epsons were so much better in the scanner department . The 4990 is a bang for buck winner in my book . To get any better with 35mm you need a dedicated Minolta or Nikon film scanner for a whole lot more $ $ $ $ $ !
 After endless aggravation with an expensive Microtek machine -LRB- including a $ 200 `` repair '' by Microtek itself , after which I never got the scanner to work again * at all * -RRB- , countless fruitless hours spent on the phone with tech support , in complete desperation I purchased the inexpensive Epson 4990 - about 1/3 of what I had payed for the Microtek Scanmaker . And am I glad I did ! The machine is compact but handles 8 x 10 '' negs and transparencies -LRB- which is my primary use -RRB- very nicely ; installation was a breeze , and operation has so far been completely hassle-free . October 2005 addendum
 The Epson 4990 is a flat-bed scanner . If you are looking for a scanner that can handle very under-exposed 35-mm film , this is not the scanner for you . Choose instead a dedicated film scanner such as the Nikon CoolScan-IV or a similar film scanner for acceptable results . For normally exposed 35-mm film , the 4990 does an excellent job ! For larger images , positives and negatives , it does an excellent job too.I purchased this scanner with the intent of digitizing old family photographs , transparencies -LRB- negatives and positives -RRB- , and some documents in lieu of a xerographic copier . My expectations were that the photographs and transparencies be digitized perfectly . They were . I just expected documents to be convenient to copy . This expectation was met too.What can I say ? The positive results are there . The negative results are non-existent . I am very happy with this scanner for all my scanning needs from photographic to documents except at the photographic exposure extremes where a dedicated film scanner is dictated.Epson Perfection 4990 Photo Flatbed Scanner
 Bought this scanner from amazon , and I ca n't express how happy I am with it . First ordered the scanner last saturday , and it arrived on Wed. , this was with the free shipping . As for the scanner I have been playing around with slides , negative and older b/w photo 's . No complaints , and some very nice scans . I like the ability to have a large scanning area . I have been placing multiple b/w photo 's of different sizes in the film area , then individually crop the photo 's . The digital ice has been very good on some of the pictures that have seen better days . I would highly recommend this scanner .
 Excellent photographic quality , even from 135mm negs . It is s-l-o-w , though . That 's the trade-off for high-resolution , high D-max scans . I work on a Frontier lab scanner for a living , and the 4990 blows it away , except for speed .
 This is an excellent almost pro-quality scanner complemented by equally good software.The scanner performs well . It sets up easily . It is fast and easy to use . Be aware , though , that it is a bit large . Primarily in height , compared to other scanners . Well worth the investment if you need to do high quality scanning easily.The included Epson Scan software is also outstanding . You can do a preview , drag to create multiple selections , and then have the scanner automatically scan each area . Very helpful if scanning individual pictures mounted in an album . Epson Scan also has many easy-to-use adjustments built in so they can be done at the same time as the scan . Resizing , color restoration -LRB- simple and more complex with tone adjustment curves -RRB- , removal of moire patterns , sharpening , and more.The scanner also comes with an LE version of SilverFast . Epson Scan is far superior to the SilverFast LE version . I also feel no need to purchase the upgrade to the full version of SilverFast . EpsonScan is meeting my needs . Any more detailed adjustments on photos are best done in photo editing software -LRB- PhotoPaint , Photoshop , etc. -RRB- . The scanner also integrated well with OmniPage Pro -LRB- version 12 in my case -RRB- to scan documents for OCR .
 This is a well engineered and versatile scanner . Film holders are numerous and well designed ; film scanning rivals somededicated film scanners . Scanning is quiet and of highest quality , especially if the operator knows how to use the settings , curves , etc. . Highly recommended .
 I recently purchased the 4990 to scan a large quantity of glass plate negatives and needed something big enough to handle 8 x 10 plates . I called Epson and they were of no help to me as they had not tested the scanner on glass plates or that is what the rep told me . I bought one anyway and the set up was super easy and the software a breeze to use . If you click on the color restoration button before you scan , you can see an amazing difference . The only thing I was not happy with is the mask to hold the large plates . Basically , it was useless as it is so flimsy . I found that cutting strips from a manila file folder and taping the strips to the scanner with easily removable blue painter 's tape was just what I needed . If you scan all of one size and then change the strips , you can go on to the next size . -LRB- I have 8 x 10 , 5 x 7 , 4 x 5 , and some odd sizes , too . -RRB- I have now scanned over 1,000 glass negatives with ease and am very happy with how the scanner works . It also has worked well with hundred + year old pictures done by professional photgraphers . We have four scanners and this one is definitely the best . Am I happy I bought it ?? Yes , yes , yes .
 I have have had other scanners in the past , however this scanner is excellent . It is easy to use . You can scan 35mm slides , negatives from 35mm to 4x5 's . You can also scan text or almost anything and get great results.The price is good . In all the reviews that I read before buying this scanner are accurate . It is a good scanner and when one compares a more expensive scanner -LRB- side by side -RRB- with the Epson 4990 there is no difference that anyone can really notice at all .
 I 've used plenty of Epson scanners before but this one does top the cake . It turns out beautiful scans of photographs and does an amazing job with 35mm slides and film negatives.I would have given the scanner a 5 star rating except that there were a few issues . The first is that a high end scanner such as this should have a Firewire pass through so that it can be part of a longer chain of devices . Secondly , I 'm using the scanner on a Mac OS X machine and the software took a few tries before the entire package loaded . I also get some `` application unexpectedly quit '' when quitting out of the application . Lastly , although the results of the 35mm slide scans were fantastic getting up and running was a little less than intuitive.If you want a great general purpose photo scanner , do n't hesitate on this one .
 Love the scanning quality , speed , film options . The only thing that I wish it had was software that came with my last scanner where I could scan in multiple pages to one document and create PDFs from existing documents . This one you have to scan the pages in separately and combine them later , and you can only scan in as a PDF , not create from existing files .
 I bought this scanner to replace an aging 2450 mainly for the Digital Ice feature . With the 2450 , I used Silverfast AI as my scanning software.Using both the Epson software and the Silverfast software , I find on this scanner I get much better results with Epson 's software . Maybe the AI version of Silverfast would do better but at $ 100 to upgrade , it is not worth it . Overall scans are excellent . The Digital Ice feature is good not great . Sometimes works excellent , sometimes hardly at all . But never as good as the published test cases . The scanner is better than the 2450 but not by a whole lot.But here is the kicker . The scanner itself on the front of the unit says GT-X800 not 4990 . Doing a bit of research , I find this is the Japanese version . A Japanese version scanner was placed in the US box with US accessories . I am 99 % sure that there is no physical difference in scanners other than the model number on the front . But , just to be sure I call Epson . I speak to four different people , customer support , tech support , Epson store and then finally customer relations . Nobody ever heard of GT-X800 . What I expected them to say was the two models are the same except for name and everything will be fine . Instead 4 different people told me they never heard of the model and I should return the unit because they wo n't warranty it . Such a misinformed company and such a waste of time and resources . So the scanner gets packed up and sent back while I await a new one which hopefully will be a true 4990 .
 This scanner produces superb quality images . Installation could not be easier . I use SuSE 10.2.1 . put together the scanner and I did not install any software as the manual said . I do not have windows .2 . Linux is running . I attached the usb port and power on3 . A message comes in the screen saying `` scanner usb configure y/n '' I said yes4 . Open yast and I just say next to a couple of defaults . Some files are installed.If you press edit it recognizes it at `` GT-x800
 I bought this scanner since most people on the web recommend it for film scanning and it definitely does a good job . 8x10 prints that I have made via my inkjet come out at least as good as traditional -LRB- analog -RRB- prints from a commercial lab if not better . A nice touch is the on/off button . Many other models do not have this and you have to listen to the scanner warm up every time you turn the computer on . USB 2.0 interface is fast as well .
 This thing is great . It 's nice to be able to scan so many 35 mm negs at once , as well as med . and large format . My only complaint is that the medium format holder wo n't allow me to scan 3 120 images in a strip , while there 's physically plenty of space to do that . It just means that I have to run multiple scans to do a whole roll.The performance on 4X5 negatives -LRB- B&W ;-RRB- and color transparencies is unbelievable ! I no longer get prints when I get processing . I do still get enlargements from my negatives in most cases , but would n't hesitate to use a scan for reasonably sized prints . It 's awesome .
 I have had this scanner for about 8 months . It is my first scanner purhcase and I am very pleased with it . I am using it with an iMac . It was very easy to hook up and use . I have had excellent results scanning both pictures and slides . Color is excellent . I can recommend this scanner very highly .
 The Epson Perfection 4990 performs well in most situations . The scans are quick and accurate . Color balance is right on . The only limitation was with 35mm negatives scanned at a large size . They do not retain their sharpness . This product is not ideal for negatives so do not purchase it for 35mm . It does pretty well with large format negatives however . Overall , an A + .
 A very good machine with high resolution for a good price but it has a delicate feel to it . Film and slide holders are flimsy and will not stand up to heavy use . Software installs easily , runs well and dust removal feature works better than expected but is a little slow despite the USB 2 connection . It arrived undamaged , but it is not well protected in it 's shipping coantainer . Overall , however I 'm pleased .
 Great value . Retail price about $ 50.00 , and I purchased for $ 19.00 . Flash card works well in each of my SLR cameras .
 I ended up buying 4 of these mounts for my Polk speakers -LRB- my front speakers weigh about 5.5 pounds and my surrounds are 3.5 pounds -RRB- . The brackets are easy to mount on the wall , and easily attached to the speakers themselves . They allow for easy articulation of the speakers , which is nice for tweaking the sound in your room . My only complaint -LRB- and the only reason I am giving 4 stars instead if 5 -RRB- would be the drywall anchors supplied with the kit were lousy and I ended up using my own in the one instance where I did not attach directly to a wall stud .
 I 'll start by saying I bought these and I have NO issues . The mounts are perfectly tight , my 8lb . speakers do n't move.But I can understand how some people would have issues with not being able to get the ball-socket clamped tightly enough . The metal has a sort of matte finish to it , which makes it sort of slippery . My advice to people with this problem would be to slip a small thin piece of rubber -LRB- a tiny square cut from a latex glove , perhaps ? -RRB- or cloth in the joint to prevent the ball from slipping.Other than that , it would have been nice if the item had come with extra hardware , like a spare drywall screw just in case . When you are tightening the ball-socket , you are putting a lot of leverage against the mount , almost enough to pull it out of the wall . For this reason you should use extra caution while installing.Amazon has a competitive price for these . I nearly paid $ 30 for each one.Unlike the reviewer who said these look cheap and are made cheaply , I disagree , I think they are an item of relative quality and the supplied components are just fine . My only other advice would be to pick up some steel drywall screws if you do n't have a stud to drill these into . A heavier speaker puts a lot of stress on the mount , and you want every assurance that the mount is secure .
 At first was n't sure if I should go with the store bought variety , but man were they expensive . I could tell right away from the packaging that they were cheaply built and they were all plastic . My speakers weigh in excess of 8 pounds so I had to go for quality , just did n't want to spend an arm and a leg . So I read some reviews about these mounts and they were all positive , thank you Amazon ! I ordered and installed them and I really like them . I had to drill directly into the hard plastic housing of my speakers but it was worth the effort , probably works a lot easier with wood speaker enclosures . Well to wrap things up they seem to be extremely sturdy . I would recommend these mounts to anyone . Hope this review helps anyone looking for a good set of speaker mounts.Oh by the way , they are available in a multitude of sizes to handle small to large speakers .
 I am using 3 of these , 1 each for my Klipsch Quintet SL LCR speakers . Once tightened appropriately you should have no problem spinning on the speakers and having them stay in the right place . I have not had the drooping problems of other posters . They must not have tightened it enough .
 first off i am guessing the reviews for this product that are negative were n't installed correctly . or maybe my speakers just lended themselves to easier installation . i bought these mounts for the polk RM 6750 speaker system . the speakers weigh between 8 or 10 lbs and the mounts are holding quite nicely . my advice would be to figure out where you want the mount set first before you put it in the wall . then screw it into the wall . take the allen wrench then and tighten it as far as it will go . the speakers i have , have a hole in the back that just screws right onto the mount . and that 's it . done and done .
 I already have two of these for my heavy rear bose speakers . The speakers are about are about 10 lbs each and are easily handled.The mounts are solid , and can be oriented in any direction easily . I am about to by three more for my center , and two fronts.I highly recommend .
 I researched the multiple speaker mounts available and decided on the OmniMount 10.0 - wall mount version in black . First , I mistakenly expected the product to be sold as a pair of mounts . I ordered one , and of course , a single mount arrived . I 've ordered the second one , which is on the way . Now , for the product itself . It comes with plenty of hardware and mounting options , which makes it very versatile . I needed the keyhole mount option , which worked well . Other than being sold as a single , the only drawback I 'd mention is the ability to tighten the mount with a speaker in place . The directions want you to mount it so the Allen head screw used for tightening and adjustment is on the bottom . If you mount a speaker of any size , tilting down , it tends to block access to the Allen screw . I 'd suggest they include a LONG Allen wrench so it can be tightened from below a speaker . Otherwise , you need to squeeze your hand behind the speaker and use nimble fingers to tighten it -LRB- while holding the speaker with your other hand of course -RRB- . It 's a small space when the Allen screw is mounted on the bottom . Other than that , it 's a fine mount , perfectly versatile and strong . Recommended .
 I just received these speaker mounts yesterday and I started the installation immediately . It took me about 30 minutes to mount and hang all four of my DefTech ProMonitor 1000 speakers . These speakers are about 7-8 pounds a piece . Installation was a breeze -LRB- they were all mounted to studs , so I did n't use the sheetrock anchors . I would n't recommend using these mounts for speakers any heavier than mine , as I had to REALLY tighten them to get the speakers to hold in the desired spot . Otherwise , the instructions were easy to follow and the whole process was a snap .
 I got this because my NHT Super Zeros have a pre-threaded insert for them . They work okay but the screw to tighten the position of the speaker is hard to reach because its directly behind the speaker . It will help if you have a long hex key , preferably one with a T handle . Otherwise , the position will slowly slip .
 Easy to install and does what it says . I thought it felt cheap when I took it out of the box . However , once adjusted the mount was fine . Disappointed that I spent a lot of money on the center speaker and it did not come with a mount .
 I spent $ 20 a pair for the speakers at a factory clearance , it sucks that the mounts cost almost double what the speakers do . Oh well , they 're worth it .
 Always loved Koss headphones , and these are no exception . Great highs , responsive lows , accurate even at high volume . The only thing that is missing is a volume control on the wire and the wire itself could be a bit more , . . sturdy . They fold down nicely to fit in your pocket .
 Koss scores again on these phones . While not as powerful or dynamic as their titanium diaphram earphones , these are smooth and transparent . They do a great job of reproducing the full spectrum , and have excellent balance . The difference between these and the titanium based phones is like the difference between a good pair of AR-3 's , and BOSE speakers . Both excellent in their own way , but totally different . For the price ... highly recommended . I would like to have a volume control , and a little heavier cord though .
 This little fairly inexpensive headphone surprised me . When I compared it to the `` Sony MDR-G74SL Street Style Headphones '' it sounded FAR superior.There 's no LEFT AND RIGHT ear labeling I can find , perhaps because you can wear it two ways , with two different ergonomic configurations . I prefer the shiny silver piece under my ear lobe .
 Clear highs and punchy bass . Where did this come from ? And for the price ? Wow.I was previously using Sony behind the ear headphones , Sennheiser HD555s , and Sony isolation earbuds . The Sonys ca n't compare at all , and the Sennheisers need to be powered by a serious amp to produce any meaningful results .
 These are probably the best behind the neck headset I have tried . I have an overhead pair of Koss headphones that are a little better but not by much . Clearly better than more expensive ear buds or other Sony head phones I have tried . I recommend them .
 The AS-B2 's compliment my AS-F2 's perfectly . These are the best speaker values going . Unheard of value , a real treat when you listen to them . Comparable to speakers costing 3,4,5 times more.Do a internet search and you will find many favorable reviews on these Audio gems .
 Great speakers , almost better than the old model Polk Audio 's that were the best back in the 80 's . Highly recommeded !
 Indeed the Athena B2 .2 bookshelf speakers are the best . After a careful review online , I settled on the Athena because of 1 -RRB- value 2 -RRB- quality . When first hooked up , it lacked bass and quality but after about 50hrs break-in period - the bass increased and the quality of the speakers improved significantly!I have no subwoofer - only the Athena B2 .2 and the Athena C. 1 center channel yet I get deep pleasant bass in my 20X16 room . Its not boomy at all , just pleasant.I hooked them up using 14-gauge speaker cable and power them with a Yamaha RX V559 6.1 receiver -LRB- XM-ready -RRB- . The quality is soo excellent that I 'm seriously debating whether I even need to bother getting the floorstanding Athena AS-F2 . Highly recommended - try it , you will love the sound quality !
 I 've tried blank DVD 's from just about every well known brand out there . I had settled on Verbatim because they have worked out the best overall for me , but when you come right down to it they 're not THAT much better than much less expensive Memorex discs , at least in + rw and - rw formats . Though , Verbatim has a lower defect ratio -LRB- unusable at all -RRB- . The Ritek dvd-rw discs , as well as their + rw discs , are the best I 've ever used from any brand at any price . Not only do they have an excellent 1st burn quality in both sound and picture , but I have n't experienced a single defective disc yet -LRB- over 50 discs and counting -RRB- . The quality on 2nd and 3rd burns of the same disc is consistent , even on discs that were heavily edited the first time . I have very good equipment , and that helps a lot , but these discs are capable of near blu-ray quality -- on good equipment . I 'd like to find out if they make dual layer discs , as I have had inconsistent quality issues with all brands , even Verbatim , which you would n't expect . I 'd love to hear from anyone with experience or info on dual layer discs from Ritek.-DJ
 I have a Panasonic DMR-EH50 and a Panasonic DMR-EH55 DVD recorder and this works fine in both machines . I have had no problems with these disks and will reorder them again as needed.If your DVD recorder is similiar to either of my Panasonic machines , then I think you will have no problems with these disks , but I can not vouch for them if they are used in other machines since my experience is limited to my machines . Still , for the price , they are a good deal .
 I decided to buy the AS-P400 in addition to the Point 5 system by Athena Tech . after reading several glowing audiofile reviews on line . It 's now been exactly a year and the system still leaves me grinning from ear to ear ! The sub is tight , powerful and perfectly balanced with Point 5 speakers.AS-P400 is a tremendous value and a true sensory delight , both for music listening and viewing your movies !
 I upgraded my entire HT system from decent JBLs/Yamaha YST sub to Athena mix-n-match speakers and this sub -LRB- incidentally , the Amazon picture is incorrect - it shows the newer , somewhat inferior downward firing AS-P4000 ! -RRB- . -LRB- update
 I recently bought this item . I am very happy with it . I would recommend this product .
 before this i used another RCA cable - whenever my computer shifted even in the slightest , the stereo would completely fuzz out with an unbearable sound . this cable is completely sturdy . i can jostle all i like , and the sound stays constant . a good buy in my opinion .
 I can finally connect my stereo to my laptop and move my laptop more than a few feet away from my desk !
 Excellent battery for my Panasonic phone . I thought the phone was dead because it kept turning on and off for no reason , but it turns out that it was the battery . Installing this solved the problems and I can use the phone again . I 've only had this for about a month though , so if I have any problems I 'll come back and post an update .
 It 's a great bettery and since I bought this I have no problem with it at all . It 's a classic Panasonic cordless phone battery that is manufacturing discontinued . Glade I found one and it works great . Thanks .
 Product is solid and is performing very well . Needed to split a DVD signal in our church to show a video in multiple locations and it is what I needed . Shipping was speedy and the price was right .
 Works really well . Perfect for my outdoor theater . The quality is what I was looking for . In fact I bought more after I used the first roll .
 Fast shipping and it was free with super saver . Good quality wires they do the job for my subs and speakers . Way cheaper than buying at a car audio shop or any other retail store .
 12 gauge speaker wire is 12 gauge speaker wire after all . : - / I only needed a few feet of the stuff , but as usual , you ca n't get anything locally anymore . Amazon comes through again , although the price for 50 ' + shipping was an ouch . The wire is flexible and caries sub-woofer frequencies the 12 extra feet , I needed just fine .
 I was happy in every way . Easy to use and hook up my new stereo system and it sound fine to me . It 's wire , not much else to say really .
 it is good quality wire . works fine no issues just ran about 20 feet of it . the only reason its not a 5 star is because it does n't separate very easily . I had to cut it at the ends to separate it .
 I just ordered alot of items from Amazon recently , so all my reviews will start the same , just with different sellers of course : Amazon & Etronics gets 5 stars for extremely fast regular/standard shipping !! Was supposed to come June 30 - July 3 ; I ordered this on the June 24th , it arrived June 26th !! I dont have wire strippers so I had to improvise a lil . The case around the wire is thick . Audio sounds good . Only thing I can say is 50 feet might be too short for even basic home theatre hook ups . It looks like I may run out of wire if I decide to do a longer run . -LRB- I have all my speakers right by my TV right now -RRB-
 This wire is very fine quality , but it was labeled wrong . It was labeled 12 gauge , but is only 14 gauge ! I think you sould let the maker know it was labeled WORNG ! Thanks Roger Weikel
 I should have gone with 16 gauge wire since its about the same thickness as this 12 gauge . Otherwise the wire is good quality and sounds good in my home theater .
 Bought this wire for my home theater system . It seems like good wire to me . No complaints . Not sure why it says color may vary . Mine has a clear wire coating , but it does mark one wire with a red line .
 It is pretty thick , high quality speaker wire . I used it to push two alpine 12 inch type Es off an 1100 watt max amp and the subs are happy with the wire quality , it never gets hot even with lots of bassy abuse .
 Just what I needed . Mine came in clear tubing with copper wiring inside which is what I assume most people will get since that is how all the speaker wire I have seen is .
 It is good quality speaker wire . Not much to say . Price is low . Wire is well twisted . Jacket is thick enough but still flexible.My only complaint was the wire feels smaller then 12G , I am guessing it is closer to 14G but for the amount of current I am running it is fine . I have not measured to be sure . At this price it is still cheaper then many 14G wire out there .
 this sub goes great paired with Athena Point 5 MKII speakers . great for flicks , PS2 gaming and of course music -LRB- cause you can dial off the sub altogether -- -RRB- if you want to feel the floor shaking ooooph this sub has , just put on any LOTR DVD/game , sit down and feel the rumble . or ask my neighbors ; -0
 It gets a five star for what it is . I listen with class A electronics through my Klipschorns which weigh about 200 pounds each . I listen in a 1000 square foot room with 12 foot tall ceilings . One of these little subwoofers can really made a dent in the room . I recommend that anyone interested in good bass buy two of these and place them in the two front corners of the room . You wo n't get Klipschors but you will get very good bass for movies . And it 's not half bad for music . It really performed well on Bach 's Toccata and Fugue in D minor . When I played D'Drum it lifted the fringe on my rug .
 For the $ 100 that Amazon is selling this for , you can not go wrong . This is a very high quality subwoofer . It mated very well with my Energy Take 5 system . -LRB- same maker incidentally -RRB- I find it more powerful and musical than the Energy ES8 sub.Very happy with my purchase .
 I purchased this subwoofer to add bass to a pair of bookshelf speakers . It was very easy to match the subwoofer to the bookshelf speakers using the adjustable crossover control . The auto on/off function is a real convenience . Overall , this was a perfect addition to my stereo system . The bass is extremely tight and the 300-watt amp provides ample power . It 's great for music -LRB- jazz , rock and classical -RRB- and for watching videos . If you want a subwoofer that will rattle your windows , then you should look for 12 '' subwoofer . But if you 're looking for accurate and distortion-free bass at a `` reasonable '' sound volume , then this might be the one for you .
 I have these connected to a 5.1 yamaha set and a 7.1 channel panasonic receiver , and the quality is amazing . If you want the room to shake , get these . The base is wonderful for the price . Highly recommended
 I 've had this sub since Sept. 2006 connected to a Denon AVR-1804 6.1 reciever . It has a break in period of 50 hours and it just sounds better & better over time . The bass is tight , crisp & clear , not at all boomy . The room is fairly large , 25 x 14 , and I was actually looking to purchase the AS-P400 10 '' sub . But at $ 160 , this little 8 '' was worth a shot and proved worthy . The only two very minor issues
 I purchased the Athena AS-800 for a basement stereo system . I was really surprised at the quality and sound of this subwoofer . I have larger subs for my other systems that cost a lot more and this 8 inch sub sounds as good as the big boys . Not quite as deep in the bass , but pretty darn close . I would recommend this small speaker for anyone looking for a resonable priced subwoofer for a stereo or video system
 I wanted to get an inexpensive subwoofer for the old Carver amp/tuner stereo system in my basement . Because I do n't use my `` man cave '' that much , I only wanted to pay about $ 100 for a sub . I thought I would have to settle for a basic low fidelity unit with ordinary performance and no features , until I came across this Athena product . For about 119 bucks I got a great sounding unit that really brings out the rich , full low-end from my old Carver amp . The auto-on/off function is convenient and saves energy . Do n't worry about matching the subwoofer with the other speakers . It was easy to fine tune the response level by ear to match a pair of JBL and smaller Cambridge Soundworks speakers .
 I purchased this unit to replace a worn out $ 500 subwoofer . Price and quality were a consideration . I thought that , for a hundred dollars , this was worth trying out . I have not been disappointed . It does justice to the bass effects on the DVD of `` Titanic . '' The bass is deep and tighter than the subwoofer it replaced . This unit is good for a medium size room . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 For its price and size , this sub works great . Especially good for a small home theater or gaming setup in one 's bedroom .
 I liked it so well I bought a second one for a different room . Works perfectly with old -LRB- early '80s -RRB- Realistic receiver and satellite/bookshelf speakers.EASY to hook up and adjust . And it sounds great ! Fills in the bottom frequency range as advertised.Also works great with mid - '90s Yamaha receiver and Klipsch speakers . Has plenty of power for my living room.Both arrived on time and in perfect condition .
 This is my first subwoofer so I could n't tell you how this sub compares to others . This sub is highly recommended by many audiophiles if you have to get a sub for $ 100 , but then these audiophiles do n't really recommend $ 100 subs . Interestingly , these same audiophiles say that the Sony $ 100 sub on amazon is no good yet that sony has garnered a higher rating than this athena sub . Go figure ... This sub is fine in my med . size living room .
 The Tamrac `` 5275 Expedition 5 Photo Backpack '' was a valuable find for me.The backpack provides enough room for my 2 cameras ,6 lenses , and other accessories.The backpack has alot of padding and also has movable pads inside to adjust to the amount of equipment you have.The 1 thing I really didnt like was that the movable pads inside the backpack are relatively hard to adjust.If You like taking all your equipment with You on camping trips , hikes , and other outdoor activities ; I would recommend this product to You .
 Just returned from Alaska . I bought this back pack just before going and it was exactly what I was looking for . I arranged the sections to carry a Sony handycam -LRB- normal size -RRB- 2 full size 35mm SLR cameras and an extra zoom lens . I also brought 24 rolls of film , 7 filters , and 2 disposable cameras . Oh , and I could fit my husband 's digital camera -LRB- minus the charger for both the video and digital -RRB- . There was still room to carry rain gear on the inside . I tied on our umbrella as well . This was rather heavy -LRB- my fault for jamming everything in there -RRB- but has a waist and chest clip to help with that . EXCELLENT .
 I used this for a Nikon Coolpix 5700 and a Canon ZR50MC mini DV camcorder . In addition I was able to store the battery chargers and power cords for both items above , as well as all the manuals for both . Further , I stored 13 mini DV tapes , 2 Canon BP-535 batteries , 5 filter boxes , two additional batteries for the Nikon , and more . This is a VERY well built back pack and even though it has room to spare to begin with there are points of attachment all over this thing for additional accessories . You never realize how much cra ... er , uh , stuff you have until you try and put it in a camera bag . This one has plenty of room and the ability to `` add rooms '' as your collection of necessities -LRB- ? -RRB- grows . If you want to take it with you and you want it protected , spend the money for this bag . You wo n't be sorry .
 I travel by air quite frequently and find this backpack convenient to carry and stowe . It 's made of waterproof material and has enough space to hold all of my photography needs . There are slots and tabs on each side of the backpack to add additional assessory products , if needed . There is a front netted pocket with a draw string to hold my 13 '' -LRB- 53 '' extended -RRB- travel tripod securely . I highly recommend this photo backpack .
 Shipping was very rapid - received 3 days after ordering . I wanted a back pack for travel overseas because it does n't tell people there 's expensive camera equipment inside.It holds three cameras -LRB- one a small point and shoot -RRB- and three lenses with no problem . The small travel tripod is a little snug when carried inside . There seems to be plenty of room for filters and film for a week trip . Hardware and construction is heavy duty . I hope to be able to also carry the makings for a pic nic ; i.e. ; a bottle of wine , cheese , bottle opener . This will be a very tight fit but possible . Anything beyond this think about ordering the Tamrac full size packs .
 I highly recommend this backpack . It has plenty of room , padding , and features . Mine includes my SLR camera , one lens , several filters and a digital camcorder , two large flashes , extra film , batteries , camera books -- and it 's not even close to being full . It 's not a small backpack , but the size is very manageable . Previously , I bought a smaller camera bag , and found I outgrew it too quickly .
 Like many , I 've found the transition from LPs to CDs did n't solve the space requirements of music storage . CD jewel boxes are n't as tall as LP 's , but they 're thicker . Stored spine-out on shelves , they absorb a surprising amount of wall space . Stored spine-up in drawers , they grow heavy in aggregate , and require rugged cabinets with industrial-strength roller suspension . Even worse , jewel boxes are a fragile container , and I 've found myself replacing cracked and broken parts on a regular basis.Some collectors have chosen to rip their CDs and store the physical artifacts in the basement , but this leaves the booklets and tray cards out of easy reach . Better would be a storage system that takes less space , weighs less , and is less fragile.Enter the Jewel Sleeve.The Jewel Sleeve is made of heavy duty vinyl with a compartment lined in non-woven fabric for CD protection . The CD booklet fits into the front-most compartment , the CD in the next , and the tray card -LRB- with the side tabs fully extended -RRB- in the rear . A small pouch at the top provides a space for an index card , laser-printer-ready sheets of which are provided . Fully loaded , a Jewel Sleeve is about 1/3 the thickness of a standard jewel box.Once you 've decanted your CDs into sleeves , you can either store them in one of the chests sold by Jewel Sleeve 's vendor , or you can improvise . I 've stored mine in cardboard bin boxes -LRB- such as the B36 model from Tharco -RRB- , and stored the boxes on inexpensive shelving purchased at a home supply store.The density of this storage system is vastly superior to lining your CDs up on shelves , but it comes at a logistical price
 I ran out of room for my extensive CD collection several years ago and began looking at converting to some sort of compact storage . Realizing that the plastic case takes up a huge amount of room and weighs quite a bit , I looked for some way of discarding this bit of detritus . I looked at moving my discs to notebook like holders . I found a system that would hold the disc and the front booklet - but what about the back liner ? I admit I am obsessive anal completist who does not want to discard any useful bit of the album , so eliminating the back liner -LRB- with the handy listing of tracks -RRB- is impossible.Enter the Jewel Sleveve system . The Jewel Sleeve is a compact storage pouch that has places to hold the CD , the front booklet and the back liner . You can get these sleeves through Amazon , but the company offers various storage methods for the jewel sleeves , one of which is a 3 or 4 drawer chect -LRB- with optional rolling base -RRB- . These 3-drawer chest is about the size of a night stand and holds 1000 CDs . So slick to have 1000 CDs stored in the space of night stand with all documentation right there at your fingertips . The company also makes heavy-duty portable storage chests for transporting your CDs.So now I have 3 chests , 2 are 3-drawer and 1 is 4-drawer . All chests have the rolling base as those chests are extremely heavy and if you need to vacuum or shift the chest it would be impossible without the base . Conversion to the Jewel Sleeve involved the laborious process of disassembling CDs and inserting them into the sleeves . This is a wonderful job for a rainy or snowy night watching TV . Friends are very useful as well . Then throw away -LRB- or donate to the library -RRB- most of the CD cases . Save some as you may need to reconstitute a CD for some reason.Now how about competing products - DiscSox makes a storage system that is slightly smaller in size than the Jewel Sleeve . The DiscSox version loads from the bottom/side while Jewel Sleeve is top loading for the CD . I have purchased DiscSox for two disc sets and found them to be compatible with the Jewel Sleeve system . The bottom loading is not as effective as the top-loading of the Jewel Sleeve - the discs occasionally fall out if not held just so , and the adhesive bond holding the bottom of the case together relaxes , loosening the retention of the CD in the case . But the Discsox sleeves fit into the storage made by the Jewel Sleeve people and theses sleeves provide a means to store 2-disc sets while retaining all CD material . Note
 These are a FANTASTIC idea I hope you go ahead with - you 'll be sooo happy you did!Your discs stay clean and are secure enough not to fall out of the sleeve easily on you . There is room for your cover art -LRB- or booklet -RRB- and for the back piece of the CD info -- and it 's a little tight , but if you have a 2 CD set , both CDs will fit into the 1 sleeve with your artwork.The amount of storage space you save by using these sleeves is INCREDIBLE ! And once you put your CDs into these sleeves , there are so many options for how to store them attractively -LRB- or just practically -RRB- . I am in the process of moving to a smaller place and now I need much fewer boxes to move my CDs in , and much less space in the new place to store them . I 'm sooo happy I found these , and very pleased with this product . I highly recommend them !! ============= BTW
 I 've been ordering Jewelsleeves for about 10 years and I am always happy with the product and service . I have custom CD shelves that can hold thousands of CDs , but my collection is so extensive that I found myself having to pull discs out and put them in storage in order to accomodate new discs . With Jewelsleeves , I 'm able to have close to 4 times the number of CDs in these easily-accessible shelves . They were a game-changer for me !
 These are the best things that I have found to protect and reduce the space taken up by CD 's . They are expensive but worth it . The quality is excellent and they handle all of the documentation that comes with a cd .
 I 've transitioned to the jewel sleeves several years ago , and I find the sleeves to be very well made , and compact.The one problem I have is finding something to store them in other than the storage chests the manufacturer sells . In my opinion , while they look well made , they are quite expensive . If anyone has found a less expensive storage solution for Jewel Sleeves that features drawers rather than shelves , I 'd be interested to hear about it .
 Works very well with the different items I have used it with . One higher power laptop caused the power supply to get a bit hot but it kept functioning just fine . I like the overall versatility and the fact you can use the cables for things like data transfer and even connecting other devices that do n't require power . Overall very useful in my job as a computer repair technician . The variety of tips provided as well as the ability to purchase additional tips has been very helpful .
 I BOUGHT THESE LITTLE JEWELS FOR MY REAR SURROUND SPEAKERS AND I AM SURE GLAD I DID . SUPER CLEAR AND JUST RIGHT FOR THE JOB . THANKS JBL
 This product was essential when we were without power for a week due to a hurricane . Only the car was available for recharging my cell phone , whenever I went out of the house .
 I 've been looking for quality speaker mounts but had n't found any in the past . Everyone was selling cheap composite mounts that break when you try to tighten them enough to hold up a heavier speaker -LRB- even if rated to hold that weight -RRB- . I happened to be in radio shack and saw these and decided to try them out . They are easy to use/mount on the wall and hold the weight great and can be angled in pretty much any direction . Anyway radio shack did n't have any more of these as they said they were n't carrying them anymore so I had to order the rest on amazon which ended up being cheaper anyway . The only improvement I could see on this type of mount would be to have a hole in it for speaker wire to come out of if you were running in wall speaker wire as I did and wanted a cleaner look .
 These are great but underrated for weight -- if you need 6-10lb speaker buy the model 20 . My advice is go to the next model higher than you think you need via Omnimout 5 , 10 , 20 . ie double the weight of your speaker to get the correct Omnimount .
 We have 2 sets of these speakers , one set of which was purchased from Amazon . We play classical CDs and listen to classical HD radio all day long . They provide outstanding sound .
 I bought these recently in Black - they are small and take up little room . The highs are wonderful - crystal clear , and clean . The mid range sound is great as well , with the two balancing each other perfectly . These little babies have a ported base - and offer a subtle but nicely detailed base sound - which is a change for JBL . Perfect for jazz and classical , I love these speakers - a great buy for the money . You will be very pleased .
 I own a GCC printer ; I have had excellent results with their toner . Unfortuately , I can not get anyone at Amazon to notice the photo for this cartridge is not a photo of a toner cartridge , it is a photo of an car stereo amplifier . For some reason , two attempts have been sent back by Amazon that they can not confirm my complaint . If they just looked at the damn picture , they could tell !
 These were the same price as my local Freddies was selling a 25 pack of the slower 4x Sony - RW which they tried to tell me was the best but that 's untrue . I 've used 10 disks so far and all have worked perfectly and at 8x speed I can burn a full one in less than 10 minutes . For about $ 1 per disk these were a great buy and the plastic storage case is nice . If your DVD drive supports + RW these are the ones to get . + RW is better than - RW because it has faster speeds and drag and drop ability . Update Feb 14 2012 I 've used every one in the pack to store everything from full disk ISO burns & DVD rips , with ISO burner free software takes about 8 minutes to burn a full 4.7 GB disk , to drag and drop video files in flash drive mode & they all worked fast & flawlessly , money well spent . As long as they keep functioning , I 'll have enough to last for ever . DVD+RW is the best and these disks could n't get any better .
 In fairness to Ritek , I am changing my review , something I should have done long ago , as my first review blamed the discs for a problem that was actually due to the hardware I was using
 These discs are a great buy . They are cheaper than other brands like Sony and Verbatim but perform just as good if not better . I have re-written over them about 20 times and they still play & copy fine .
 I bought this in place of famous brand to see if it has the same performance . I used 5 discs and they were good .
 These particular DVD+RW were out of stock so was sent a replacement which are working just fime at the moment .
 I 've been using these for several years now and they 've preformed great , it was time to reorder some new ones as some of my others were worn pretty bad . I was presently surprised at how fast these shipped , keep up the good work .
 The cartridge fits my Fargo C7 like it is suppose to . I just wish some one sold cards , that say they work with this unit . Overall it is time consuming to reload , but works great . Nothing more to say .
 It is an excellent product , its vendors comply with what was promised , I am fairly satisfied .
 I had to wait to get this because it took a little longer than other Amazon orders . But that is my only complaint . This has great quality , almost as good as just hooking up one t.v. to a dvd player . This distributes audio as well . I hooked the audio up to my mixer so now I can do mics over the speakers . The set-up worked really well
 This product , in contrast to many other KVM switches , establishes the connectivity to both computers via USB and VGA cable . This is particulary interesting for notebook users since many notebooks do not offer two PS/2 ports -LRB- newer models have none , ie . Apple PB -RRB- . Note , however , that the connection keyboard = > switch and mouse = > switch is via PS/2 , so you need to have 2 USB = > PS/2 adapters -LRB- often included when you buy a mouse or keyboard -RRB- for USB devices.As promised this product works with Mac and PC . I share a monitor and a keyboard between a desktop PC -LRB- WinXP -RRB- and a Apple Powerbook -LRB- OS 10.3.1 -RRB- . The keyboard is a Logitech Cordless keyboard and works ok . My Logitech `` Mini Optical Mouse '' does n't work through the switch . Logitech `` Trackman Wheel '' works just fine . So , you might end up not being able to use your favorite mouse.Switching between the two computers is done by pushing the `` scroll lock '' key twice -LRB- I did n't know I have such a key ... -RRB- . The device is very small and easily disappears behind your desk .
 I have a desktop and notebook that I use this product with so I can control both from my desktop monitor . The only issue I had was that I had a cordless keyboard and mouse and they did n't work very well with this product . Iogear 's website says the product does not really work well with cordless keyboards and mice . After I switched to a corded keyboard and mouse it worked fine .
 I bought this KVM for work in 2004 and have been using it ever since . Since then , I also bought one for home , a coworker bought one for work , and the office finally bought two more when the price went down by about 40 % . The KVM works great ! I 've used it on Windows 2000/XP machines , as well as Red Hat/Fedora Core Linux from RH7 .3 to FC3 . Usually I run it at 1280x1024 or lower resolution on a 19 '' LCD or CRT.The main downside , as others have mentioned , is that it only supports three mouse buttons and the scroll wheel -LRB- the wheel `` click '' is the third mouse button -RRB- . That means I ca n't play Halo with it because I lose my `` melee '' and `` exchange weapon '' mouse buttons . :'-LRB- I do n't know if it supports the sideways scrolling on the new MS and Logitech mice with tilt wheels.The other issue I have had with this KVM is that its PS/2 inputs are too close together . I can not both a USB keyboard and USB mouse at the same time on this , because the two USB-to-PS/2 adapters wo n't fit side-by-side at the same time . Had the mouse and keyboard ports been spaced further apart or arranged one on top of the other instead of side-by-side , this would not be a problem.One thing nobody else really mentions is that this KVM does not beep . That is a great thing , especially for the workplace . At the office we also have an 8-port IOGear KVM which beeps whenever you switch computers , and the noise can be very disruptive to others.Everyone who uses two computers on a regular basis , or who troubleshoots computers , should have at least one of these things . They 'll save you a lot of time and hassle.Even with these two annoyances , I think the GCS52U is a fantastic product and I 'm glad I bought mine . The new , lower price -LRB- since summer 2004 -RRB- makes this an excellent bargain for anyone who 's tired if crawling under the computer desk to swap cables .
 Saves time and space . I use mine to connect to my desktop and server . No need to buy another monitor . This is a Great product and easy to install !
 The jbl is a very good sounding speaker system ... The bass is solid.The highs are open and dynamic ... There is a slight lower midrange emphasis ... This can appear as a slight hollowness , with a boasted upper bass range ... This may not be noticeable on rock or pop , but may be heard , on light classical music ... The speakers have an an excellent dynamic range . . These speakers will easily produce a clean undistorted output of over 105 db , when used with a good high current amplifier , or receiver , rated for at least 100 watts clean , at 4 ohms ,20 to 20,000 cps unclipped ... The more clean power , the better , the will sound ... Most speakers are damaged by low powered receivers , that clip ... These speakers are in cherry finish , with free shipping ... These speakers are identical , to the black ash version , but with no free shipping ... I highly recommend these speakers , when mated with a good subwoofer ,4 star rated ... A very good deal thank you stewart L.
 Unfortunately , the Amazon.com site gives almost no information for this notebook cooler . I was looking for a thin notebook cooler -LRB- some of the ones out there are 20mm thick or more -RRB- . This one is one of the thinner ones -LRB- there are a couple that are as thin or slightly thicker -RRB- . Its dimensions are 11.8 x 9.1 x 0.5 inches . It 's rated at 28 CFM and 25dBA noise . It has two 80mm x 10mm fans . It is powered through one of the notebook 's USB ports.I got this cooler because my Dell Inspiron 8500 was getting quite hot underneath , despite being slightly elevated already on a base station.I picked this particular notebook cooler out of the several that are now available because of its thin size and the location of the fans , which are right where my notebook/base station gets the hottest.So far , it works great . The air blows gently out the back of the pad so that it does n't blow all over the desk . It is very quiet and I can barely hear it -LRB- although sometimes one of the fans starts to rattle very faintly , like computer fans sometimes do -RRB- . One of the main drawbacks is that it has a fairly slick plastic surface and the notebook/base station tends to slide all over it . I 've put some double sided tape underneath to help stick it in one place .
 This works quite well ; my laptop is no longer warm to the touch when I 'm playing games . However , there is NO on/off switch as is advertised -LRB- even the box it comes in says it has a switch -RRB- . You have to disconnect the USB cable to turn it off .
 Believe me , it is bad to blow air up into your laptop . This pad does what it is supposed to do . Many are mistaken about the action of their fans , because with smaller fan blades , there 's more likely to be some minimal air movement in both directions.Blowing air up into your laptop will kill it . The fans -LRB- located on the underside and back -RRB- are not the only cooling devices the manufacturers of most latops/notebooks have installed . The computers come equipped with heatsinks , or liquid cooling devices . If the heatsinks become clogged with dust -LRB- and they will if you blow air up into them via their fan screens -RRB- your computer wo n't be able to distribute heat properly , and at the very best will continually shut down . More likely , they will overheat and malfunction in one or two specific areas.Besides , you want to vent the warm air away from the computer , not blow it back in . There have been one or two posts here and there of people giving low , low marks to cooling devices that `` blow the wrong way '' . They are sorely mistaken . You do n't want to blow air into your computer , unless you live in a sterile clean enviornment that wo n't support life and are a robot .
 This is , quite simply , the best loudspeaker for the money , by far -- more so now that Audio Advisor has them on clearance for $ 99 ! Holy mackerel ! They present an extremely tight , coherent soundstage with minimal coloration . The bass response is very clean and is surprisingly deep for such a small speaker . NOTE
 Athenas are probably the finest budget speakers out there , but the AS-B1 goes for $ 150 at Best Buy . Why pay $ 30 more to buy from Amazon ? Amazon needs to drop affiliated vendors like Audio Advisor who charge _ more _ than retailers do for a given product . I do n't want to pay $ 30 for the services of a useless `` Advisor '' .
 What a great little item . I have a ten year old vehicle that has nice speakers , but only a cassette/radio combo . This pops into the cassette player and the little cord hangs out the front to attach to the iPod . Works great and I can adjust the sound either from the iPod , the cassette , or both . I was a little concerned at first , because it would pop itself out the first couple of times I tried to use it . The unit is shaped just like a cassette and I suspect it just had to get `` seated '' into my older player unit which has played a lot of cassettes in ten years . So after maybe 1-2 days of it being finnicky and popping out , it is happily staying in through bumps and whatever , until I decide to eject it . I highly recommend this for a low tech , high quality solution !
 First cartridge received was defective , it was leaving a 1/4 inch black line on the left side of every page . Fast to ship replacement cartridge ! Ca n't say enought about this vendor !!!!
 I bought this external HD when I became worried about our network at the office . Our normal network team is extraordinary , but the company always brings in these college kids for the summer . They seem to know what they 're doing , but during their first week here start having ideas about how to run things better , etc. . I had an important project disappear for two days when one kid did n't come into work and finally I was able to ask him about it and he told me `` Oh yeah , I upgraded -LRB- i.e. reformatted -RRB- those drives and moved everything to the Back Up folder , which is only accessible when I log in . `` Anyway , things are much better now that I started using my own external HD . This drive did arrive in the FAT format with 4-5 partitions . When I booted a windows XP machine with it attached it reformatted it to one NTFS 4GB hard drive . I then had XP reformat it again and it has been normal -LRB- 160 GB since -RRB- . I 've been using this drive for a month now and have not had any problems since.The drive is very , very quiet , and has no lights other than a small blue LED . The USB 2.0 interface is fast enough that I can work from the drive and play MP3s from it as well . This has been great for moving files between computers . Everyone always asks about it and wants me to back up stuff for them , and there 's plenty of room with 160GB . The manual and help on the company website though are worthless . The manual is actually for another product -LRB- the HD enclosure without the drive -RRB- . So I only recommend this drive if you feel you know what you 're doing . Definitely get a external HD if you have college interns coming in for the summer -- God only knows what they 'll do .
 I purchased a pair of these speakers three weeks ago . I am very impressed with the quality and sound - very clean . Seems a little weak in base , but this is not noticable with most music . For the price they can not be beat -- I paid $ 250 for the pair .
 One of the best features about this camera is that it offers many different features and settings for different conditions and purposes . Examples
 I 've had this camera for six months , and it 's been nothing less than perfect ! Terrific zoom length , very compact size , and quality features , such as the Schneider Optics lens.I 've yet to have had one problem , and have shot many rolls of film . Another reviewer -LRB- Mr. Barber -RRB- , must have received a defective product . A 1-star review of this camera just does n't make sense , and to say that a disposable took better photos , is patently absurd!Samsung includes a 3-year extended warranty with this model . Buy this camera without hesitation !
 I purchased this camera a few months ago to replace my favorite camera when it was unfortunately broken . Since I loved that camera , the next camera had a lot to live up to.I have been very pleased with this camera . It has a great zoom and the picture quality is just as great.As said previously , you must make sure to have the camera on the right setting to avoid blurry pictures . It actually has a setting you can turn on so that the camera will beep if the settings are n't appropriate for the pictures ! I do n't think you could ask for anything better!I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone who is looking for one like it .
 Dont use this on digital phone lines , can cause a fuse to blow or can burn up the line . Besides that , it is the best butset for the price .
 My Parents Phone Line is underground and a few times they could n't tell if the problem was inside or outside . So I bought this to go to the Phone box on the side of the house to see its a inside problem inside or outside .
 ... The Iogear USB 800 DPI Mini Mouse -LRB- w / 32MB Flash Drive -RRB- works like a dream with MAC OS X Panther . Especially w / a AlPowerbook or G4 ibook . Just plugin & scroll away ! It 's incredibly `` smart '' , just like you 've come to demand in our world . Life is good ...
 The Omnimount 20.0 mounts work great , even on my 16-pound Peachtree D5s , but they need an assist . The problem is n't with the ball and clamp , it 's with the Allen wrench and socket-head bolt for tightening the clamp onto the ball.After reading the reviews , I was a bit hesitant to buy the Omnimount 20.0 , but it was recommended by the manufacturer of my speakers so I thought I 'd give it a try . The speakers are heavy , 16 pounds each , and given the reviews that heavy speakers could n't be supported by the mounts , I did n't expect them to work . And for the first couple of tries , they did n't . Just like the other reviews , after mounting the speakers they would slowly drift downward , with the ball mounted in the clamp unable to support the weight without slipping . But it 's not the ball and clamp that are under-engineered -- it 's the Allen wrench and the socket-head bolt that are insufficient for the job . When I replaced the 1/4 '' socket-head bolt with a stainless 1/4 '' hex-head bolt and used a socket wrench for tightening the clamp on the ball , I was able to get a LOT MORE torque than with the Allen wrench , and the speakers are holding without any slippage -LRB- actually , there was a very slight downward drift -- about 1/2 '' total at the front edge of the speakers -- that stabilized after 6 months -RRB- . You may need to get a few washers if you ca n't find exactly the same length of bolt.The baseplate on the wall was mounted into a stud -- I 'm sure it would n't hold if I had just mounted into the wall anchors in the drywall . So , definitely find a stud if you have heavy speakers . The wall screws that are provided are stainless steel and very heavy , so the wall mounted part of the Omnimount was extremely secure.Don ' t use the Allen wrench , use a different bolt -LRB- a stainless 1/4 '' hex-head -RRB- and a socket wrench , then it works great .
 Installed in just a matter of min . Setup was simple and bolts hold speakers at precise angle . worth the money .
 I used these speaker mounts to attach my Polk Audio RTi A3 bookshelf speakers to the ceiling . The A3s weigh about 17 lbs each , so I was a bit concerned about finding mounts that could handle the weight . The OmniMounts handled the speakers just fine , though I did have to buy a little bit of extra hardware -LRB- nuts and washers -RRB- to fix the speakers to them . These are probably best for a wall-mounted application , as the range of motion/adjustment is limited in a ceiling-mounted configuration . Still , these held my heavy speakers in place with no slippage , no rattling or vibration at high volumes , and no problems to speak of . If you 're buying larger speakers for your home theater , I definitely recommend these mounts .
 High quality speaker mount made in USA received as described and delivered on timeinstalled with my Yamaha speaker NS-333 strong mount and looks niceThanks
 This product worked find . I have other omnimounts so this does not come as a surprise . I think it is kind of pricy by what can you do
 I 'm using a pair of these with a B&W FPM6 that 's mounted above my television for a center channel speaker . It 's a great little mount , and although I 'm using it in a somewhat non-standard configuration , it works fine . The hardware included contains drywall anchors , but I 'd be really cautious about using them . Mount them directly to a stud and you 'll feel much better about trusting your electronics to stay on the wall and not crack someone in the head after years of vibration . Nice product !
 What can I say ? They are very easy to install and , assuming you mounted them correctly , they are very secure.I only have two complaints.First , the description is misleading . My speakers -LRB- Aperion Audio -RRB- have two 1/4 inch threaded inserts . If your speaker does n't have a 3/16 thread these work fine - you just have to use the included bracket . The 1/4 inch screws were included but they were too short . I had to make a run to the hardware store.Final complaint has to do with access to the bolt to tighten the clamp after you mount and position the speaker . Mine needed to tilt down almost all the way and it was very difficult to get the allen wrench in . I finally gave up and tightened it enough so the speaker would n't fall out and rested the bottom of the speaker on the wall .
 What I was after was a good , solid mount , which I think this would have been . I had to return this because my bookshelf speaker 's mounting hole is too small for this . I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 because the Amazon product description does not specify the diameter of the mounting hole this needs . I have a pair of fairly heavy Cambridge Soundworks bookshelf speakers I use as satellite surround 's , and I was after something that would be sure to hold up well . I did not realize -LRB- until I went out to Ominmount 's site -RRB- that the 10-pound mounts change their mounting hole diameter from 5mm to 1/4 '' , and 20-pound change from 1/4 '' to 3/8 '' . So , this was more of a review of the product description provided at Amazon . Not sure if Amazon is responsible for its content , or Omnimount ?
 I had a pair of ten pound speakers that needed wall-mounting , and bought a pair of these Omnimount 20s to do it . With my wife 's help , the install went quite well , and they are now mounted to my satisfaction.There are a couple of recurring themes I 've seen here in the reviews :1 . `` They do n't stick in the wall '' . You need to hit a stud for heavy speakers , or use some serious drywall screws -LRB- eg , buy new ones from your local hardware store -RRB- . I 'd recommend the former . If you put the mount into a stud , it 's not going anywhere .2 . `` It does n't tighten far enough to keep the speaker in position '' . You 're doin ' it wrong ! You need to do what the manual says and get a pair of pliers to do the final tightening . Doing this _ by yourself _ is going to be hard , so find a buddy.As I said before , I 'm completely satisfied with the functionality and looks of these mounts , and could not be more happy with them .
 The product is very good , however be sure to check the thread size on the back of your speakers . Many speakers that you will find for your home will have a 1/4 '' - 20 mounting thread in the back of the speaker . The Omni-mount 20 lbs mounts -LRB- both wall and ceiling type -RRB- will have 3/8 '' - 16 threads . Personally , I used the 20 lbs mounts and added a 3/8 '' - 16 female to 1/4 '' - 20 male thread adapter -LRB- also called a standoff sometimes -RRB- in order to mount my speakers . If you are mounting wood speakers with no pre-installed threaded insert for mounting , than the thread size does n't matter since it comes with the required parts for screwing into the back of the wood frame speaker.I agree with the other reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- that you should mount it to studs to get it properly secured .
 These mounts work great for the 8 lb NHT Absolute Zero speakers hanging from them . Once attached to the wall -LRB- into a stud -RRB- they feel very solid . The only minor issue is getting the wrench between the speaker and wall when trying to tighten the screw . Fortunately this only needs to be done once -LRB- or twice if adjustments are needed -RRB- when installing .
 Used these to hang my ~ 14 pound speakers . The first one I put straight into a stud , and had absolutely no problems with it . The second one I tried putting on drywall with the included anchor , and it was not holding well . I ended up ripping that one off the wall and moving it to a less ideal location over a stud . If they included better anchors with the mount , or had better advice on when to use them in drywall in the instructions , I would definitely give this 5 stars . Once it is up on the wall good and tight , it is a great mount .
 These are great ! Obviously you can not mount them on wallboard without added support . Anyone having problems with them holding has the mounts upside down ! Put them the right way up and they will support like they are built to . I have used these over the years and they are the only ones I would buy again . My last set I put up yesterday and they work perfect . The instructions are not printed rather copied and a bit hard to read , but a little brain power will get you there easily . Make sure they are mounted with logo stamp on top as the instruction states , or they will fail ! Mount them the right way and they will defy gravity for years .
 great item i was looking in almost every store no one had them at this price and they didnt have them period so im very happy to find them here they look and woor great i just turned them to the side so my speakers hung lower but there perfect
 Although I agree with other reviews , these mounts would have gotten a 5 star rating if they had engineered them to accommodate the speaker wire in the mount . However , the sturdy construction would have been compromised in doing so . Otherwise , this mount -LRB- when installed correctly -RRB- did the job very well . It came with every thing I needed to hang my JBL ES20 bookshelf speakers for my surround sound system . Including the mounting plate that attaches to the speaker . The speakers weigh about 11 pounds and the mounts held very tightly . I was able dial everything in easily and quickly . ES20s are bare boned bookshelf speakers and do not have mounting capabilities . I would highly recommend this product . `` Word to the wise '' Anyone attempting to hang JBL ES20s , take great care to mount the plate to the speaker with 5/8 inch pan head screws . If a longer screw is used you will destroy the electronics mounted to the inside back of the speaker .
 This is just how I installed the kit -LRB- YMMV -RRB- . The speakers used are Sony 3-way bookshelf and measure 11 & 1/4W X 21 & 5/8H X 9D . Weight about 13lbs -LRB- each -RRB- . This speaker has no form of attachment on the back . First thing -LRB- additonal to the kit -RRB- you 'll need are : -LRB- 4 -RRB- # 14 X 3/4 '' wood screws , additional to the 4 supplied . -LRB- 1 -RRB- 5/32 '' drill bit -LRB- 1 -RRB- battery or AC powered electric drill , with adjustable torque . -LRB- 1 -RRB- standard torpedo level -LRB- 1 -RRB- 9/16 '' open ended wrench -LRB- 1 -RRB- stud finder -LRB- optional -RRB- First you 'll want to decide where you 'll want to put the mounting plate . I chose the upper 5 '' of the speaker to do this . The plate has -LRB- 4 -RRB- holes for this purpose.Use all of them . You can leave the slots as they are . Drill the pilot holes with the supplied 3/32 '' bit . Before securing the mounting plate to the speaker , remove the ball from its clamp assembly , move the metal lock nut -LRB- with the bottom flange pointing toward the rear of the speaker -RRB- up towards the ball . Insert the threaded ball through the mounting plate hole and thread the extra jam nut on the threads just enough so the nylon is even with the end of the threaded rod . Use your wrench to tighten the first jam nut against the mounting plate . The ball now should not turn at all now.Find a stud nearest where you want to mount the speaker on the wall . Use a hammer or stud finder to locate your mounting spot . Use your level to plot a vertical line -LRB- hopefully -RRB- through the center of the stud using the ball clamp assembly mounting plate to plot the two mounting holes . Use the 5/32 '' drill bit to make your pilot holes . Set the torque on your drill to its highest setting . Remove the lower section of the ball clamp by loosening the allen head that holds the two clamping pieces together . Make sure you use a # 3 phillips bit in the drill to drive the # 12 X 2 '' screws -LRB- though the mounting plate -RRB- all the way into the wall.Reattach the lower clamp plate just enough so you can put the ball in between the 2 `` jaw '' plates . Lift the speaker and place the ball in between the jaw plates . Tighten the plates around the ball with the supplied allen key . Tighten it down so the ball ca n't move at all . Check your installation by noting any movement of the ball in its clamp . The location of the allen head makes for an awkward position to use the allen key . You may have to wail on it to get the ball to not move.Hope this helps someone .
 I have two Bose Series II bookshelf speakers mounted on these stands in my bedroom . Each of these speakers weighs about 11 lbs and the way they 're wired they have to be supported slightly asymetrically so that one end is a bit more cantilevered than the other . This puts a fair amount of strain on these brackets and I really had to crank down on them to hold . So far , after about a month of scattered use , the speakers have stayed put . I would have given 5 stars but they were a bit difficult to work with and align -LRB- working solo so that does factor a bit -RRB- and also because I ordered two white brackets and one came with a white ball for the joint while the other was black . In my setup it is n't a big deal but that was a silly mistake on the manufacturer 's part .
 i got a pair of Bic america surround speakers on this mount - they work ok - one mount didnt hold the speaker as good as the other one - why i dont know - very hard to screw in to tigthen it once you get the speaker in postion - then couldnt get under to tigthen it - so i had to turn it upside down so i can tighten it from the top - the manual shows to mount them the other way - but didnt work - it worked when i turned it upside down - actually seems better - i will turn the other one that way also - its pretty strong - my speakers are about 15 pounds each - but the bottom leans on the wall so not sure how great this mount would be if it had to hold the speakers freely -- i dont feel it would do a good job in that case - i had to use the universal mounting bracket that came with the mount - maybe if you speakers which have a screw in them to use - maybe would work better - mines didnt and had to use the mount which came included - its a week i have them mounted - hopefully they hold up over time - its a good mount - depending on the speaker etc. .
 I am impressed by the high quality of these mounts . I noticed in the reviews , too often people are buying these and complaining when it does n't fit the speaker . Be sure to check your speaker female thread size first !! I also tried some of the copycat Chinese products that look similar , and returned them because of flaws with the paint finish , before I bought these . This Omnimount brand is the best because it has the strongest stainless steel hardware that wo n't rust over time.Looking at the inside of the ball grip vise closely , you will see the little spikes angle slightly in one direction . That 's why it is important to place the correct side up according to the directions if you are mounting a heavy speaker . The balls are made of soft plastic and the spikes create little indentations as they grip the balls.Here are the different thread sizes depending on the product model : This Omnimount 20.0 W -LRB- 20 lb -RRB- has 3/8 '' -16 thread size.The Omnimount 10.0 W/C -LRB- 10 lb -RRB- has the most common speaker thread size of 1/4 '' -20 -LRB- and includes 5mm adapter -RRB- . The Omnimount 5.0 W/C -LRB- 5 lb -RRB- uses thread size 4mm or 5mm .
 I moved into a new house and unfortunately have less than optimum space for my Home Theater speakers . For my right and left surrounds , i am using Infinity IL10 Bookshelf Speakers -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and i needed to find a way to mount them in some odd places on my walls . Well , i did look all over and i came across these Omnimount Stainless mounts . These are pretty large speakers and they weigh 18 lbs . each . The Omni 's are rated for up to 20 so i figured i would give it a shot eventhough some of the reviews here seem less than stellar . Well , i have to say after reading the instructions and mounting these speakers on the wall , i can move them to any position i want and they stay . I am very impressed . My advice to anyone who seems to have trouble is to just read the instructions again . With Stainless hardware , you can tighten them very well and they wo n't move . This is a great buy!Dan
 Purchased mounts for surround speakers . It 's difficult to find mount that hold speakers over 15 pounds , so I 'm glad I found these . Beware , they sell them separetly , not in pairs .
 I have used OmniMount products before and when the built-in diecast speaker mount on my Energy Encore satellite recently broke , I figured that I might have a problem since these speakers have been out of production for sometime . Sure enough , they were not available and , so , I turned to Omnimout and found exactly what I needed . However , I inadvertently ordered the 20.0 -LRB- 20lb -RRB- mount which had a 3/8 '' threaded stem , which I use for my heavier center channel speaker . I therefore had to return this item and get the 10.0 -LRB- 10lb -RRB- mount which had the 1/4 '' stem and which fit perfectlyinto the pre-drilled hole in the back of my satellite . Amazon had the best on-line prices around . The order process was fast , efficient and the product arrived at my home within 5 days . The return of the incorrect mount was also handled with dispatch . Overall , a pleasant experience with Amazon .
 These Omni speaker mounts worked just as advertised . I am very pleased they look great -LRB- not that you can see much of them -RRB- and were easy to install -LRB- well it 's not rocket science - would have been easier with two people like the directions say -RRB- . We used them to mount a couple of 18lb speakers in a large room . We needed the floor space so it was important to get the speakers up high . If you are mounting anywhere near the ceiling though , get the ceiling mount set , even if you are mounting on the wall . The longer extension arm will give you more options for speaker adjustment . I would definitely buy them again and recommend them to anyone looking to get their speakers up on the wall or ceiling .
 The Omni mounts are some of the top notch mounts on the market today . They are basically indestructible . The 20lb rated mounts appear to be able to hold up a horse if you drill them into a stud . The only reason I did not rate these 5 stars is actually amazons fault . There is only one mount per package , even though the description says mounts . Although these mounts are worth price even it its for one .
 Having a pair of Bose bookshelf speakers and no bookshelf in the area that they would produce the best sound , the Omnimount Speaker mounts proved to be perfect . Proper speaker placement and the sturdy wall mount provided by the 20 pound rated , -LRB- the speakers weigh 11 pounds ! -RRB- , Omnimounts allowed speaker placement for optimal performance and a clean looking set up . I will be ordering more for mounting monitors in my music studio , and looking forward to any other applications in the future . Sturdy , well built and a quality product . Thank you Omnimount !
 They look good . They do what they 're supposed to.But it is a little difficult to get to the allen screw that holds the speaker position solid . Which is important with 15 pound speakers that you do n't want just leaning into the wall.Also a hex type wall mount screw would be better for mounting to it to the wall , -LRB- I happened to have some around -RRB- as the big phillips heads supplied are tough to get into a stud without stripping the head . Even with a good predrill.These items aside they do work well and fit our needs perfectly as they are slick looking and very easy to hide .
 I have been using Omnimount products for years . I buy a new set of four every time I move into a new house . They are solidly made and offer a great range of movement . I have never had a problem with them sliding out of adjustment.The only shortcoming is that I would have liked them to angle down just a hair more since I now have nine foot ceilings and the speakers are mounted high on the walls -LRB- only an issue with the back speakers , which are closer to the couch -RRB- . For me , the sturdiness more than makes up for it though .
 One year and so far no problems . They work quite well although I do check them from time to time . Thank you .
 I purchased a pair of these mounts back in 2006 and they are still holding strong . I use them with Ascend Acoustic CBM-170 speakers that weigh in at 14lbs each . One was mounted to a stud , the other through drywall with some rather heavy duty dry wall screws . At first , I noticed some slight sagging over a 24 hour time period , but on a last ditch effort I used a set of pliers to really tighten things down and they have n't budged since . They seem a little pricey , but considering their longevity , I 'm more than happy with my purchase .
 These mounts worked perfectly for my surround sound rear speakers . Not all parts depicted in the illustrations were provided , but enough for my application . The instructions were very small print and not the best , but were adequate . I would recommend them . Not sure what the long term service will be from them , but they seem to be well constructed .
 Works as described , solid construction . Just make sure you know you 'll have to order two . This is a single mount .
 My application is slightly different than other reviewers . I wanted to mount a center channel speaker -LRB- Polk CSiA4 -RRB- over my flat panel . It only weighs 16 pounds , but there was no way one mount could support it from one end . In order to center it over the LCD TV , I needed to attach both ends to two studs 16 '' apart . I managed to conduct this operation myself , but I had to construct a portable mount to support the flat panel while I located and attached the mounts to the wall and the speaker.The final step was as tricky as other reviewers have noted . I did use pliers to hold/tighten the allen wrench/nut and got it very tight . However , I was still not able to get it to stay at exactly the angle I wanted . However , it was close enough and I 'm very happy with the outcome.Although it was a lot of work , I like the final look much better than just building a shelf for the center.One note is that the included drill bit seems perhaps one or two sizes too small for the included screws . Screwing into the wall worked fine , but screwing into the speaker was a little dicey . It worked and will hold , but they need to reconsider the drill to screw ratio .
 These mounts are very strong . They are holding my Athena LS-100 Bookshelfs as my surround rear speakers . The speakers are around 11 pounds so I probably could have gotten away with getting the Omnimount 10.0 mounts . They are really easy to put on the wall and have numerous configurations you can go with.The only thing is that these are packaged as singles . I thought each package had 2 mounts in them . I found out the hard way . If you need 2 mounts , make sure you order 2 .
 This is a very good product . Mounts are sturdy construction and work as advertised . Would definitely recommend this for the rated speakers.One note
 Treat yourself to a more theatre like atmosphere and fill your room with sound . These are great mounts , a bit more expensive than some , but worth it for SAFE wall mounting of your speakers .
 Speaker rated for 20lb but seems to be less capable.over priced also . I had no other choice so I had to buy it .
 They are nice looking mounts but too expensive for two metal pieces
 The 80GB hardrive is great for recording tv shows to watch later . I do not recommend getting a DVD recorder without a hardrive . With 8 slots to schedule recording the machine seems easy to set up recording schedules . The only thing I do n't like is the editing features . I still have n't figured out how to take out commercials , and if you record 2 -LRB- 1 -RRB- hour long shows and record them together there is no way to seperate them .
 My Q6600 Quad-Core proccessor is currently overclocked from 2.4 GHz to 3.6 GHz and according to my temperature monitor my processor is sitting at a brisk 51.4 degrees Fahrenheit !! AWESOME !!
 Pros
 So far , I have n't found a full-tower case that is known to accept a Freezone with no hassles . My old case only has room for the 6cm fan I installed so there 's no way it will work in there . I believe my ASUS P5 DH Deluxe motherboard should have no big install issues . My Core 2 Duo is in serious need of cooling and I do n't want to bother just finding a better air solution than my Arctic Cooling Freezer 7 Pro.What cases have you folks put a Freezone into so far , where it fit well and the case closed properly?Thanks ...
 The only thing you need to know about this cooler is that it works ! In a normal water cooled system the coolest your water will ever be cooled down to by the radiator is the air temperature in your room . This system uses TECs to cool the water to below ambient temperature . When I touch the tubes coming off the water block you can tell they are actually quite cool . Of course under load they are not quite as cool since the CPU is heating it up , but the water has ALWAYS been cooler than the water in my other liquid systems.I currently have this cooler on my CPU and an external Corsair Nautilus 500 system cooling my graphics card . Even overclocked a full Ghz over standard the CPU is at 84 degress F , 30 degrees C at idle . Under full load running Super PI or Orthos it will get up to 100-120 degrees F. Definitely far within safety parameters . Let 's just say that my overclocking is not currently limited by my CPU temperature anymore .
 This product is excellent , My CPU has been averaging 108 degrees on boot up.And i would increase the temp . by another 20 to 30 degrees when i did any labor intensive programs or games , but when i installed coolit freezone cpu cooler i dropped the boot up temp by 30 degrees which brought down it to 77 degrees , i was amazed . Highly recommend ...
 It has the expected features the advertise showed . The quality looks good enough for home utilization , and it is compact enough for practically to blend with the walls I planned to install them.With the product , there was a little guide with the wires schema to make the installation smoothly.I would recommend this device to anybody who needs to install Ethernet connectivity .
 The jbl E-30 is a very good sounding bookshelf speaker system.The sound is open and clean , with a slightly recessed lower midrange , and slightly bright highs . . There is a slight rise in midbass.This makes the speaker sound a bit warm , in my opinion.When these speakers are used with a good subwoofer , your system will really rock ... As with all speakers , you should audition them in person , from a retailer , that has a good refund/exchange/return policy , of at least 30 days ... I hope my review was helpful for you . . I thank you Stewart L.
 If you insert a graphic card into a PC with a tower case , the cooling is on the bottom side of the card . This is bad design and forces the gpu cooler to work very hard to get the heat blown away from the card . The VM-101 uses a heatsink to bring the cooling to the backside -LRB- in a tower case top side -RRB- of the card . This is very ergonomic so the heat can easily be transported by the cpu - or chassis fan.My previously noisy Gainward GT220 Card became absolutely noiseless without any issue in temperature . Great!Unfortunately this product is not available in Germany . Even with the high transportation cost of 45 $ the product is not more expensive than any comparable gpu cooler available here , but it has the big advantage to transport the heat to the right side of the card .
 This testament to the quality of this tool may be how many times I 've either had it stolen . For under 20 bucks you get a stapler that will work perfectly -- not a single jam -- until you ` lose it ' . Great for stapling screen , fabric or any material into wood as well as other light surfaces . I 've used it for a variety for household repair project and I suspect it is great for craft things as well.One note
 In response to previous reviewers ' observations that this tool jams frequently , it is a fairly cheap tool . For the money , I find it to be a value . Although advertised as `` Heavy-Duty '' this tool is not for contractors requiring a heavy use stapler . But for small jobs , it fits the bill nicely.I used my Arrow T50 today to secure some indoor/outdoor carpeting to a flight of porch stairs . Throughout the more than 1209/16 '' staples -LRB- the tool 's maximum allowable size -RRB- , I experienced zero jams.So get this stapler if you 're a homeowner or occational user . Contractors needing a heavy-duty tool for roofing , vapor barrier , or similar applications where many fasteners are needed quickly , get a hammer-stapler or `` slap-tacker '' like the Arrow HT50PBL . Happy fastening .
 THIS HIGHLY POLISHED AND PERFECTLY DESIGNED TACKER HAS THEPOWER TO DO ANY JOB IT WAS DESIGNED FOR . THE AVAILABILITY OF PARTSMAKES IT A LIFETIME TOOL . ALSO AN EXCELLENT GIFT . I HAVE TALKED TO THE ARROW FACTORY AND HAVE FOUND OUT THAT YOU CAN ALSO GET STAINLESS STEEL AND MONEL STAPLES FOR THIS TACKER . SERVICE EVEN WELL AFTER THE WARRENTY PERIOD IS ALSO NO PROBLEM . WITH MANY OTHER TACKERS NO PARTS ARE EVEN AVAILABLE . ALSO , IT SEEMS THE MOST COMMON IN THE WORLD AND THE EASIEST TO FIND . THANK YOU FOR ALLOWING ME THE CHANCE TO TELL YOU ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE WITH THIS TOOL .
 After trying a couple of other manual staple guns I have finally come back to this tried and true beauty . Works as advertised , plenty of power , puts the staples in cleanly and does n't jam . Great for occasional small upholstrey jobs and odd jobs around the house .
 This Stapler is simply the best says my dad he has faith in this product had one before lasted 2 years finally gave way . Its sturdy and easy to use my mom uses it the most for upholstery purposes
 My first one quit after many years of service , so I bought the same modelgood stapler . word word word = 20
 Excellent staple gun . I use it for putting up targets at the range -LRB- and stapling the cardboard backing to wooden stands -RRB- and it 's very reliable . I would highly recommend it . The only minor issue is that 1250 staples are $ 2 , but shipping for them is $ 6 , and they 're hard to come by elsewhere .
 Arrow has maintain it 's tradition for quality , througout the company 's lifetime . The only thing to say about this fastener , is as good as always .
 You can use this for havy duty projects , as well as for delicate projects . Very good qualy . Ezy to use .
 I bought this stapler in April 2011 to replace an old Arrow stapler that was `` broken '' . Well , it turned out it was n't really broken after all . A friend had used my old Arrow and lost a nut off one of the bolts holding the thing together . After I had purchased a new stapler , I was digging through some boxes in the shop and found an old nut of the right size to replace the lost part . This fixed the old Arrow but I had already bought the new one in the interim so I put the old one away as a backup.I 'm not using this stapler as part of my job , it 's used fairly frequently but not for anything heavy duty . Mostly stapling cardboard backing boards to wood strips for target shooting as well as doing an occasional repair to items around the house . In other words , it 's a general purpose tool for general use around the home . I have no idea how it would hold up for daily professional use . As for my own needs , it has been working perfectly . I 've had zero jams and zero problems with operation . It functions as well as my older Arrow stapler ever did .
 this gun helped me a lot when i needed to put the wire from my tv in the first floor to my computer in the second floor , i put a lot of wire and it worked good , the only con could be as a woman you will probably get tired , you have to press really hard .
 I just finished putting siding on one of my rental units , 1,000 square feet , 1957 vintage . I used my Arrow T50 to put up tar paper between the 1/2 '' plywood sheathing and the siding . I also used it to put the tar paper on my new 10 ' X 12 ' shed roof . I used many boxes of staples without a single jam . I had a dozen or so staples that did n't seat completely when I did n't push hard enough on the front end of the stapler , or when I hit a knot . I seated them with my hammer . But overall , I would n't attribute that to the quality of the stapler . It was easy to put staples through tar paper into seasoned plywood . I used 3/8 '' Arrow staples that I purchased from HD .
 Unlike other reviewers , this gun has never jammed on me in 5 years that I can recall . However even the shortest staples do n't go in all the way .
 I 've owned many of these staplers only for the fact that I lend them out and never get them back . I was looking at all the negative reviews and I have to say I have never ever had a problem with one of these staple guns . Just bought one last week and it too works like a charm . Are people putting the wrong staples in them ?
 This is by far the best staple gun i have used . First day i got it i used around 2000 staples , never had a jam issue . Also , easily went into the 4x4 and plywood without a problem . If your looking for a manual i would go with this one hands down . They dont make them like they used to , but they are still the best out there in my mind !
 I ordered this pouch mainly to carry my iPod Touch , plus a few ancillary items such as pen , pencil , and maybe a small , single AAA-powered LED flashlight . I try not to over-stuff my bags and pouches ; I 've proven to myself that it degrades the utility of the item since it makes things harder to extract , etc. . Larger than necessary also makes it more tempting to take too much gear . With photography , less is more about 95 % of the time -- too many choices mean you spend more time making choices , and not enough time seeing.So when I received the Tamrac MXS5366 , I was shocked by the size -- `` It 's way too large ! '' I thought . To be fair , I did n't read the dimensions . And it certainly is far bigger than necessary for an iPhone or Touch . And attached to a belt , the size seems almost ridiculous , especially for a smaller person like me.But ordering without being fully aware is not the product 's fault ; as it turns out , there are some benefits that were unexpected.First , it accommodates my iTouch with a silicon case on the Touch . My previous holster-type case for the Touch was a cheap leather job that , while protective , requires the Touch to be slipped out to really use the touch screen . So actually using the iTouch for things other than just listing to music means it is in one 's hands , subject to an accidental drop that could prove disastrous . But with the Tamrac , I can use a silicon sleeve to provide some insurance . -LRB- This also makes my wife happier , as she gave me the iTouch as a gift . :-RRB- -RRB- The next benefit is that there is a front , exterior pocket that is a perfect fit for business cards . Since it is not covered by the flap , it 's easy to access a business card to give to a client -LRB- Elwood P. Dowd would love this feature ! -RRB- , put in a card from someone you 've met , etc. . You could also tuck in folded paper currency , etc.Other design and construction pluses : * Overall construction quality is very good . * The main compartment interior fabric is densely woven and slick , making it easy to insert and extract the PDA or whatever you choose to store . * The Velcro for flap closure seems to be of high quality and generous , but there is not so much that it interferes with function . * The strap for attaching to a camera bag strap or belt is generously sized . * The strap has both Velcro and a snap closure ; excellent thinking for securing this pouch . * The interior compartments for tools seem to be about the right size and are padded on the backside so as not to damage a PDA in the main compartment . * The elastic loops for pens , etc. , seem to be well sewn and high quality.The only nit I will pick is that there is not much capacity for expansion . The compartment ca n't expand too much back-to-front . For my iTouch this is not a problem , but for a thicker PDA it might be an issue . I have n't tried it with my -LRB- now retired -RRB- Sharp Zaurus , but it would certainly be a tighter fit , if still functional.Overall , I 'm glad I purchased this even though it is different than what I had in mind . I 've never owned a Tamrac product before , even though I have owned a variety of camera bags . I 've usually found their camera bag designs not to be flexible enough for me and they do n't have cotton/natural canvas as an option , at least as far as I know.But primarily I really do not like black for camera bags and accessories . I did try to find a Domke product that would work for my application , as they offer cotton canvas in other colours ; but they do n't have anything quite like this pouch . So , Domke/Tiffen , take this as a challenge ! Until then , I 'll gladly use this pouch while knocking it one star for not giving me the option of colours and fabric type . Next , extended usage will prove how durable it is .
 In reading about this one , even after taking the ruler out , I had a `` picture '' in my head of a smaller unit . Still , once I did the forehead slap , the piece has served just in an outstanding manner . It ' holds the small tools and little junks I need when out playing photographer.It is of a reasonable size that still allows you full movement without hinderance . It holds all the junk I want to put in it , goes off and on the Adventure 9 bag -LRB- or belt -RRB- with zero problem.All in all , other than my mental misconstruction , this `` pocket '' has been a delight .
 This item is made for primarily PDAs . I use it for my Dell streak which fits perfectly and has more storage room for me to keep my stylus , Gerber , and notepad . great product , More sturdier than I though . A +
 This is the sort of item that is cheap and after having used it you do n't want to miss anymore . It has become an essential attachment to my backback . It 's large enough though to keep myLeatherman 830039 New Wave Multitool with Leather Sheath -LRB- without the sheath -RRB- , flashlight and blackberry and a pen . These are the tools you do n't want to be looking for in your backpack when you need them . Perfect addition to my photogear !
 I bought this pouch as an alternative way to carry my old PDA . It works well for that purpose , but the extra loops and slots were n't very well thought out by the mfg. and are n't very useful . The velcro closure has to bridge over the pen/pencil loop and can only catch on the two outside edges . . not very secure , but so far no losses .
 JUST THE RIGHT SIZE . HANGS OFF MY TRAVEL BAG AND KEEPS OFTEN USED STUFF READY . HANGS OFF MY BELT AND KEEPS PICK POCKETS AWAY . TAMRAC QUALITY TOO . I USED THIS ON A RECENT CRUISE THROUGH JAMAICA , GRAND CAYMAN AND COZUMEL.TUMS , BUG REPELLENT AND MY PASSPORT ALL HANDY AND ALL SAFE . WHAT A DEAL !
 Adds a extra demention to the case and a lot of goodies can be loaded and kept close but out of the way ... . Great addition
 I tend to over-stuff the front pockets and the flap does not alwaysvelcro close . But I tend to carry too much stuff.The unit is a great utility pouch and holds up well .
 I bought this for use with my 50 inch HDTV and HD cable box/DVR . I tried HDMI for this , but was not impressed with any of the five different models I tried . The Cisco cable box just works better with the analog cable.The colors are well rendered , with little washout . The black is very good , as is the overall sharpness . The SDTV channels are also good . I do n't watch 480p unless I must ; I did n't buy my TV for standard definition.I have used the model below this one for over four years . The difference is barely noticeable , frankly . I would likely have to step up to the YIQ-5 to see a significant improvement . That model is about $ 600 so ... I think not .
 I had read the reviews and while the negative comments made about this left me somewhat uneasy the price seemed to make it a good gamble . I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the hardware overall . The power plug could be a little better fit but in several uses it has not been a problem at all . I have used it on both IDE and SATA drives and it worked equally well on both . I liked it so much that I am going to purchase one for a nephew that does lots of work on computers for friends and family . In my opinion it is an excellent value !
 So far everything has worked fine . The only bad thing is that the power block feels really cheap . I 've read other reviews that have said that the power blocks have failed , and that does n't surprise me . Hopefully if I take good care of it I wo n't have any problems .
 We use these at work to pull customer data , works so well if the company knew they were such high quality they would sell them for triple at least ,
 This product work 's great in my computer repair business , let 's me do advanced virus scans on my client 's system with out having to put them in my system .
 It took some effort , but I managed to get it to work . This kind of device appears to be meant for people of medium + computer knowledge . One downside is that if you 're using it to access old EIDE drives , like I did , you need to reboot your computer for every individual drive you access.Pros
 I bought this cable when my old Dell crashed and I did n't have back-ups of my SATA hard drives . I was able to recover all the data simply and easily using the cable adapters . There are sketchy directions but the connections are pretty intuitive - just observe the connections you remove from your PC and duplicate them with the adapter cables . One connection for the power , the other to the USB port on your computer . Transfers were fairly quick when you consider how much data you accumulate between music , docs , video , etc. .
 I had a laptop fail on me and I had to recover the drive . I did n't want to purchase an external case and this was a great backup to that . It 's not as flimsy as other people have mentioned and has worked fine , but I only use it for recovery and not as a main hard drive for my computer . If you want an external hard drive , I recommend a case instead of this .
 12 of 14 previously unusable drives now have their data recovered because of this simple little cable . Recognized instantly , loaded as external rather than a Master/Slave combo , compact shielded wiring , private power source so you do n't have to turn off the computer to connect it.Granted it is n't the fastest transfer rates , but being able to pull the data off them when I had almost recycled the hard drives and taken my loss is a great relief . Lots of old pictures and music I 've gotten back.This cable will have a home in my tech chest for the longest future.Keep in mind the information given in another review , if connecting to a laptop it has a tendency to not function until the laptop is connected directly to AC power , so plug your laptop in and all should be good with your world .
 I sold all my desktop PCs , but kept the hard drives because I wanted to keep the files . However , I now only own a laptop and any new desktop that I would want to buy would have SATA connections , not IDE . This device saved me from losing my entire music collection and photos and videos and documents , etc. . . Set the drive to `` master '' , plug it into the cable , plug in the power , plug the cable into the laptop , bada bing bada boom ... all my files are belong to me !
 Very satisfied with this product and was able to recover files from a Dell Lap Tap Hard Drive . The DELL Lap Top stopped working and needed a new motherboard etc so this product recovered the files from the Hard Drive .
 I maintain computers for a living and , like it or not , drives fail . This device makes recovering data for those who forget to perform regular backups very easy and convenient .
 i thought i had lost all my info when my computer died used this device and got all the material on my old hard drive down loade3d to my external hard drivecould not believe the low price and the item was brand new you would waist your money buying any place else
 It came in a timely manner , undamaged . I would purchase again from this vendor
 I found the USB Hard Drive adapter very useful in helping me to recover my lost files from a corrupted HD . It was very use to use and perfect for working with as an external drive .
 I have more than one PC in my home . However as we all know we can not fit an unlimited amount of hard drives inside the machines.My Desktop had problems , I had work that I needed to get to on one of the drives on my desktop . So I bought this so I could plug it into my laptop . Easy enough to set up too . Just plug in everything and plug the USB into your port and that is it.I started transferring files and have had no problems what so ever . Got it for a cheap price and that what makes this a great deal that anyone with more than one PC should have this handy .
 Worked as advertised . Easy and quick . Best Buy wanted a hundred dollars to get the data off and old hard drive . This worked perfect .
 It 's a great little product . I recently went through a computer crash , -LRB- probably caused by a very old overstuffed hard drive -RRB- . A friend had this very product and let me use it . It made the process of reformatting and reinstalling a breeze . I then used it to troubleshoot and older machine that had a SATA driver problem . I was able to use a spare notebook drive to bypass the SATA connection altogether . I would consider it a must have for a casual computer tinkerer .
 This item came in great condition . It would have been better if it came with instructions . It tells you how to connect it but beyond that you are on your own . I have not been able to access any data as of yet ... it does work though as I can hear it turn on when connected to my external hard drive .
 It 's not a terribly pretty product but this little kit certainly does what is advertised . I used it on two separate SATA drives and one IDE drive . There were a ton of cables to contend with , which made the whole thing pretty messy but when all was said and done , the cables worked as promised . For the price , this was a great product .
 This product is exactly what I needed to recover data from a hard drive . I had no problems at all . It basically turns your hard drive into an external USB drive.1-you remove whatever drive you want to pull data from , 2-you plug the IDE/SATA cable to your drive , 3-you plug the other end of the IDE/SATA cable to another USB port , 4-you plug the power cord to the hard drive , 5-plug in the power cord -- you 're done ! The computer will instantly recognize the other drive and within minutes you have full access to the drive . I needed this to recover some photos and other files from a hard drive that was in an old computer tower that had a damaged motherboard . I will definately keep this cable around .
 This is a brilliant little tool . Very compact and easy to use . Turns virtually any hard drive into an easily accessible device . Highly recommended .
 This product does exactly what I wanted it to , save some photos and music from an old dell laptop SATA drive . Does n't come with any instructions , but you really do n't need them . Just plug the cables and wires where they look like they go , and you 're ready to go . Note
 This is a very good adapter and is extremely easy to use . It is virtually plug and go . i was able to save all of my pictures and things from my old laptops 12gb harddrive !!! whooo i know thats alot of space . jokes aside very good product for not alot of money .
 Allows you to pull a hard drive from a computer and then access it with a USB connection .
 I find this type of adapter very useful . The very first unit like this I bought was this brand , I later bought a couple of cheaper models from a different company . The cheaper models work fine for shorter periods but if doing anything that requires more than a few minutes the cheaper models transformers overheat and the units quit responding . The Cables Unlimited model holds up without overheating , its about twice the price but certainly worth the extra cost .
 I gave this item 4 stars on ease of use , installation and connection setup because there are no instructions except the pictures on the box . But if you are buying this item , chances are you 're a bit savvy with this type of stuff and can figure it out like I did.But , once I got it all hooked up -LRB- I tried both Sata 2.5 and 2-IDE 3.5 -RRB- they worked great . No prob getting most drives recognized . I did try to read a drive with an OS installed on it and the reading computer did need to forced to see it once but worked like a charm after . I just wish it made my busted hard drive work again :-LRB- Different prob , different tool .
 This product was very easy to set-up . I plugged it in , connected it to USB , and powered it up . Instantly Windows 7 recognized it as a USB device and I had full access to my hard drive.I think the only con to this product is the price point . For $ 20 + , I could have just purchased a IDE/SATA - > USB Docking station . That way I could have had a drive enclosure with it for around the same price .
 initial reason for getting this adapter was to pull files off a laptop drive that would n't boot and save them to my desktop pc . works great . this adapter accepts IDE desktop drives , IDE laptop drives and SATA drives too . it comes with a separate power supply with adapters to power your drive . i like it because i do n't have to crack open my pc case to connect another drive . basically , it turns any internal hard drive into a USB external drive.XP detects it right away , but occasionally it does n't show the drive on ` My Computer ' . unplugging the USB and plugging it back in usually fixes the issue .
 this package came with pretty much every cable I needed to recover 2 Hard drives , its a little pricey but well worth it as I recovered over $ 800 worth of music and over 4000 pictures and video files that would have been lost forever without this wonderful device !
 This device works for both my regular standard IDE HD as well as my laptop HD , love it , what can I say.Backup has never been this fun , same with data recovery or just simply scanning for malware from another PC , the options are endless .
 very fast hook up and transfer rate for getting info off my old hard drives and directly onto my external and/or desktop ! I bought it on Amazon and it came from TigerDirect but it was cheaper than Tigers website ! Good deal
 Tried this device to recover files from an old Sony Vaio hard drive that had been physically damaged while still in the laptop case . The drive was ultimately shot , but this device was easy to set up and still registered the drive 's presence , though I was unable to open any folders . The device connectors are very self-explanatory , so even though I 've never used an IDE cable for anything before , it only took about 30 seconds to make it work . Would n't recommend this for anything but an ad hoc external drive , though , since there is a power cord and a few other cables to deal with .
 I tried it with half dozen 30 to 500 GB IDE drives using Vista and Windows 7 . They were all recognized by my desktop PCs . It was simple to hookup and use .
 Everything works great , just not all drives have room to connect properly or at all , for this out for IDE drives
 Have n't had any problems with it yet . Used it on several hd and it worked on both ide and sata drives .
 It does exactly what it is supposed to ! Made bad experience with different product which fried my hd.This one worked very well .
 this product is awesome . I sold my desktop computer but kept my ide hard drive . I had no way to get the data off of it and onto my laptop , so I bought this . After a few quick connections , it worked the flawlessly the first time on my Western Digital hard drive . Highly recommended !
 Have used with laptop hard drives both sata and ide - both worked flawlessly . would recommend .
 Worked great for me . Motherboard in my laptop died but 2.5 IDE HD was still good . After I removed the HD from the laptop , and figured out that there was a `` spacer '' covering the 44 pin connector on the drive that needed to be pulled off so the adapter could be attached , it worked flawlessly . I plan now to use the HD as backup storage.I just love it when this stuff works the first time .
 I needed this cable to rescue data off of 2 old IDE drives after the old HP 510 died and this item did the trick . Set the jumpers to slave on the drives , plugged it into the new W7 machine and it worked straight away . Copied all the old data and iTunes libraries over to the new machine without a single hiccup . The documentation was included -LRB- I did n't need it in the event , but it is included -RRB- . a great item at a great price !
 My computer would no longer boot from the hard drive - got a new one installed and running . Although I had a back-up , it was several months old and I did n't want to have to recreate even a few weeks of work . So how to recover the recent data / files from the bad drive without major efforts ? This cable saved the day - inexpensive , arrived quickly , and easy to use . Quickly had access to files on the bad drive -LRB- now an `` external drive '' -RRB- so I could copy the needed files to my new drive and keep on working ! Excellent tool to have on hand !
 Received item yesterday . Tried it out and it works . Had some old IDF hard drives that I needed files off of . One was virus laden . I was able to run a virus scan/cleanup on it-using the adapter kit-without compromising my computer . I then copied the files I needed from the hard drive . Item 's construction is not that great . Care must be taken to handle it gently when using . But , that appears to be common with everything now days . Item received was a little different from the pictures shown . Probably due to different companies making them . Do not know yet how it will work on SATA drives . I gave it 4 stars because of the not so great quality construstion of the items . Two day -LRB- really three -RRB- prime shipping is great .
 The power jack failed on a Compaq laptop my wife had been using . Unable to power it on or to charge the battery , we decided to just buy her a new computer than shell out a couple hundred to get it fixed . But I still had the issue of getting all of her old files off the Compaq . So I bought this adapter , removed the hard drive , hooked everything up , and was able to copy everything . Was easy and worked as intended . Since then I 've used it with couple other hard drives without issue .
 I am very convinced this product is very well made.I like everything about.I will tell my friends about it.Good job .
 My computer had the Blue Screen Of Death and nothing that I tried worked . I gave up on the computer and took out the ata/ide hard drive hooked this baby up to it connected it to my desktop and there was all the contents of my laptop hard-drive . Worked for what it was needed for .
 It is simple to use . I used it for all my sata drives.It is a must have for guys who want to fix hard disk issues
 My 3.5 SATA disk had crashed in my xp computer . This enabled me to recover all of my data -LRB- operating system was trashed , but data was still there -RRB- . It worked like a charm , I hooked it up externally to my computer via usb . Be sure to plug in the power cord to the wall plug first and then the usb cable to the computer . Beautiful .
 Bought this product to get some data off some old hard drives that I have n't been using or may have been corrupted and it seemed to work great . Got the data off with no problems and was very easy . Have not tried it on my Mac yet , but from pc to pc it was very easy .
 First of all , i 'm an I/T geek and i 've used several of these adapters . This one works well but has a couple flaws : CON 's :1 -RRB- It comes with no instructions or spec 's , which are necessary because of # 2 ... 2 -RRB- This device will not work if you connect it to a laptop running on battery power . I connected this device to my laptop 's USB port . All three SATA drives were recognized but failed to be accessed until my I/T `` spider-sense '' tingled & I connected my laptop 's A/C adapter . Now all of the drives are accessible.Most users are not professional I/T geeks and would not be aware of this - they 'd erroneously think the adapter was defective and likely return it.PRO 's : So , as long as you connect this device to a desktop or laptop on A/C power , it 'll work fine . One thing i particularly liked is the SATA power adapter cable is short , sturdy , and is shaped at a right angle to `` idiot proof '' it from naive users who would otherwise yank it straight out by the -LRB- fragile -RRB- wires and not by the end piece.I give it 4 stars .
 I have two of these cable adapter units . One for my office and one for my truck . Do n't leave home without it as you will inevitably run into a situation where you need it to fix one of your customer 's computers.Very handy and universal . I like this better than any other quick adapter I 've used . Only once has it not worked with a hard drive . But that was a bizarre situation with a low RPM hard drive . I had to find a special PC to make data recovery with that hard drive work.Excellent product .
 Worked fine to transfer all data from the hard drive before sending my laptop in for repairs . I did n't need to go through driver installation procedures on the enclosed disk , just plugged it in and it was ready to go .
 I have used this at least twice since getting it , maybe more . Although I have n't used it yet with an SATA hard drive , it does exactly what it says it will do with a regular -LRB- IDE -RRB- drive . I have had to get some information from an old computer and put it on a new one and that worked really well . I work in the computer/IT field at a small hospital so sometimes I have to migrate data from one computer to a new one and this allows me to do it without hassles . Here is a link to the amazon page for this product : USB 2.0 To IDE & Sata Adapter Cable With Power
 I bought this to transfer data from my broken PC to my new Vista PC . The old hard drive would not directly connect to the new connections on my new PC . So , I got this product . The instructions were not the best , but the good thing is , I did n't need them . I just plugged it up to my old hard drive , then plug it into my new PC 's USB port . Worked instantly . I could drag and drop files as I liked . Great product and will use again for backup purposes .
 I used this product to recover files from a reformatted hard drive . I was able to connect the equipment easily . Product worked great ! Thanks .
 I use it with my laptop to access external IDE drives.Flawless installation , good access speed.I have not tested SATA yet.Power supply is a little bulky , similar to a laptop 's .
 I use this adapter all the time . It 's help me extract customer 's documents , photos , music , from hard-drives plenty of times . After their computers fail to boot . I use it on Laptop HDD and Desktop HDD.Pros
 Had a hard drive crash and the computer would n't recognize it as a hard drive . Plugged this guy in and retrieved all my data . Good buy . Worth every dime .
 I recently broke down and decided to rip all my cd 's to the computer . The computer in question is set high on a shelf in the living room and so getting up on a stool 300 + times didnt seem like a happy option nor did dragging the comp off the shelf so I got this item . Went down stairs to the computer graveyard closet and scrounged a dvd rw and came back up pluged it in and windows found it right away and off I went with the help of a few usb extensions . Out of the 300 + cd 's I ripped it only had issues a few times where it somehow dissapeared from the drives and I had to restart the computer for it to find it again . Other than that it worked great . After it served its purpose with the dvd drive I went back down to the graveyard and tore appart one of the old laptops I had down there and ripped out the harddrive , plugged it into this device on the computer I have in the office and saw what was on that harddrive , then reformatted it and now use it as a back up drive and it works great . This is a neat little toy I may get another one just to have it , never no when you may need a spare .
 This is a great adapter for any hard drive need . I needed to transfer data from an old hard drive and it was flawless . I also used it to back up the programs on my Dish Network DVR so I could move them to a replacement DVR . Again , it worked great . It is slow due to USB 2.0 speed limitations .
 I got this to recover files off an old computer drive . It worked perfectly . It is very convenient and easy to set up and use . I just use it to get files off drives I have taken out of computers . You can use it for backups and such , but if it is something you want to use as a permanent backup drive , please keep in mind there is no attractive cover . It just hooks up to your naked drive . Not very pretty , but extremely practical . If you just want something to salvage data off old drives it works flawlessly . Great value .
 I 've only used this once so far , on an old IDE drive , but it worked flawlessly . I had a little trouble getting my PC recognized at first , but that is because I was ignoring the included instructions that stated the drive had to be jumpered as `` MASTER . '' Once I moved the jumper into the correct position , my PC recognized the drive , and I was able to access the data stored there.If there is any drawback to this product , it is that the instructions are not all that good . However , it is simple to figure out how to hook everything up , at least for someone with any IT knowledge at all . Still , I give this product 5-Stars .
 This was perfect . I just upgraded my hard drive in my aging iMac and it would have been such a pain without this product . Worked flawlessly and pretty inexpensive .
 Perfect solution to solving your needs at accessing data from dead computers or infected computers . Just pop out the hard drives plug in and you can access the data . If you are a NOVICE at tech support you may have issues . Worked great for me . I have used it on sata -LRB- laptop and desktop -RRB- and IDE , no issues what so ever and a GREAT PRICE !
 I do n't know how I went so long without this set up . It works just as it 's stated . I used to spend a lot of time opening and closing computer cases swapping drives , no more . This works like a charm .
 Bought this item to install a new harddrive on laptop mirror the old drive and copied to new drive a snap thanks !
 Recently my desktop computer died , & the only think I kept was my 500GB drive I used for data backup . I figured it was no big deal because I had my laptop & I had n't accessed any of the data from my desktop for a long time now . Well as you could probably guess as soon as I decide I do n't need something , it the exact time when I needed it the most . I was stressing about whether to get this adapter or a more expensive hard drive enclosure , but I 'm glad I decided to get this . I received the item in 2 days & was able to get my data & can now get data from almost any drive when I need it . I 'd definitely recommend getting one of these to have on hand for emergencies .
 My computer crashed and I needed some files from my old hard drive . I bought this and was able to easily connect it to my new computer and transfer whatever I needed . Cheap and easy .
 I 'm a 22 + year veteran at building and repairing systems from Windows based pc 's to macs and all flavors of laptops . I must say that this is an invaluable device to have in your toolkit . I originally purchased it to back up data off of laptop drives . However , a few months back I had a mac mini drive with the `` tick of death '' that would not boot -LRB- nor could I access the data -RRB- after trying the old freezer trick and various disk utilities.I attached the drive to another mac via this device and was able to copy the data files off without a hitch . Although I never could repair the tick of death at least the data was recovered.Tip
 This has been one of the most important and useful purchases I 've ever made for working on computers . It is very versatile and portable . If you work on computers at home , work or on the road and need access to multiple types of hard drives then this is something that you should buy .
 This is an awesome product , Its made with cheap plastic but when it comes down to it , it works and it works well . I was able to used a hard drive recovery software on a hard drive I was working on and then I pluged it into this dock . I was able to recover files that my customer needed and wanted . Not only that but then I was able to image the drive -LRB- which was damaged -RRB- to a new drive and then reinstalled windows 7 . This little thing is surely awesome for the money you ca n't beat it . I specifically will do data transfer only for dead system that my customers want and the first data transfer it paid off . So if your looking for something easy and quick this is the way to go.With the connection I noticed you have to have everything plugged in and running and then plug the USB into the PC , it takes a little while for the configutation to go through but it works . Also if you have multiple partitions on that drive , just restart the system it 's plugged into and it should pick it up without an issue . Just something I came across the a 3 partition hard drive .
 I bought this so that i could transfer some data off of an older laptop that had died . The unit has the proper pins for smaller 2.5 inch IDE laptop hard drives and worked great ! Also used to to back up some data off an old PC 3.5 inch IDE hard drive as well , and it worked flawlessly there as well ! I did n't have the opportunity to test the SATA connection on it , but i did n't really buy it for that , and i have no doubt that it 'll work just as well as the other two connections .
 I bought a used 1993 Geo Metro Hatchback and was frustrated to find that a previous owner decided to cut the wiring harness out of the car . I wanted to try to put the car back to normal so I purchased this and wired it to the wires that had been cut and it works great . Just in case anyone else has this same issue with a 93 Geo Metro here are the color codes you 'll need to know -LRB- These should also be the same for Suzuki Swift cars -RRB- : Speakers -LRB- Black striped colors are negative -RRB- : Left Rear is Light GreenRight Rear is GreyLeft Front is OrangeRight Front is RedPower/Misc : White/Blk is Ignition -LRB- Acc -RRB- White is battery connection -LRB- + -RRB- Black is Ground -LRB- - -RRB- Red/Yellow is Panel LightAlso , if you have a random Red/Green wire hanging out in the area this is NOT related to the radio but is related to the dash lights . In my car I had to run this wire to ground in order for my dash lights to work but I have a feeling this had something else to do with the prior genius that owned my car : -RRB-
 DOD approved.VISTA and Linux drivers available.SLIM PCMCIA sexyness . No more bulky device.Needs middlewear such as activeclient 6.0 or greater if you are going to use it on a VISTA machine and are in the government .
 The only reason I gave this a 4 instead of 5 is that it is used and sometimes requires to be `` cycled '' by ejecting it from the PC card slot and reinserting it . Otherwise , it beats a brand new SCR343 that came with the laptop . I bought this as a test before buying a large qty of CF - F9s for work -LRB- DoD -RRB- . I opted out of the SCR243 offered by Panasonic & ordered a group of new Gempc readers separately for the deployment .
 Windows 7 recognized it immediately and I did not need to find any additional drivers or software to access a DOD email . Holds CAC well and fits into the laptop properly .
 I got this reader to replace my SMC Card Reader -LRB- 243 -RRB- , which is pretty much no longer supported for Linux , as the manufacturer has not updated the drivers since they stopped working with the Linux kernel released in 2009 . Having discovered this after upgrading my system to the latest version , I ordered this card , being on the compatible hardware list . This card was recognized and the driver was available immediately -LRB- without the need to download one or install the driver supplied on the disk -RRB- . I am using the coolkey middleware to use the card , which required configuration before I could use my certs.I would say that the card works great , but unfortunately I use my smart card on the web and Firefox has a problem reading certs with it 's current version . The bug is noted and hopefully a fix will be made available soon . Nonetheless , I am able to use my card for authentication , rather than typing a login/password combination.All in all , great hardware , good support both by the manufacturer and the Linux community , but a bug in Firefox is preventing me from using the reader as I intended . -LRB- note
 For the price , this little gadget is wonderful ! I got the smart card reader and the drivers , installed them , finished getting my work 's software on and I was set . It was simple and cheap , definitely worth it .
 The only problem I had with ordering this product was It didnt say the hole size . But for everyone else looking at this The hole size needs to be about 13/4 '' . Good product and cheap price .
 it worked well for my application . seam to be holding up well and the terminals are very firm . only downside -LRB- for me -RRB- is they protrude quite far . i have them mounted to a 1/4 '' piece of MDF and the cup sticks out another 1/2 '' . It also doesnt have a foam surround on the interior rim to help seal the air in . other than those two issues , nice terminal cup at a great price !
 For the price the I paid they are great , bought one a radio shack way to expensive .
 Good product . Fit securely and looks good . Only issue is they do n't give a hole size . Had to guess at it .
 True to the Adaptec name , the ACS-300 runs fast and reliable . It was super simple to setup and transfers data acceptably fast over USB2 . When you 've got a ton of data you need to move , there 's an eSATA port right on back - do n't even have to remove the drive to run at 3gbps . My only complaint
 I 'm a minority when it comes to using these enclosures for their actual purposes . I fix computers for a living and often times have to do data backups for clients . These enclosures , both this one and the IDE version are life savers . Instead of having to turn off my machine and hook up the hard drive that way I can easily put it into the enclosure , turn the enclosure on and be on my way with the data transfer.This one is no slouch . I 've used this enclosure with 2.5 '' SATA drives as well as the normal 3.5 '' SATA drives . I 've had no problems whatsoever . I have n't encountered a hiccup yet . My only gripe is the width of the enclosure . Often times the hard drives I remove have screws on the sides of them so that they can easily go back into place in their respective cases -LRB- think Compaq computer hard drives -RRB- . I have to remove all screws in order for the drive to actually fit inside the enclosure so that it can actually connect to the SATA connectors . But besides that , this thing is top notch .
 Expensive but worth it . It protects my Canon 10-22 mm zoom lens perfectly . I would recommend this pouch to anyone who want to protect a large diameter lens .
 This pouch is a fine way to keep my 50 mm prime lens safe from scratches and scuffs . The bag is soft and durable .
 I bought this pouch to protect an EF 15mm f/2 .8 fisheye lens I own . It is strong , well manufactured , and protects the lens . Then , it does n't protect the lens as well as Sigma pouches . Then again , Sigma pouches have large volume , using a lot of bag space.Problem is the pouch is a tight fit to the lens , so unless care is taken , the lens come out without the cap , which is held by friction only.Largest problem with Canon pouches is Canon does n't include lens hood & pouches with non-L lenses , then charge a nice markup selling those separately . This contrasts with the policy of such companies as Sigma & Samyang , who include a hood & pouch with every lens .
 I love the quality of this product . The leather bottom adds more cushion that helps me to feel good about the protection of my lens .
 If you drop an iPod , it 's akin to dropping a computer - it 's not good . No harddrive does well when shaken or dropped , but you can lessen the blow of impact by using this Contour Design case . It comes with a foam lining so that your iPod is n't just surrounded by hard plastic . A clear-plastic window protects your iPod 's screen so you can read song titles and menu options while keeping your screen scratch free.You never have to remove your iPod from the case because you can charge it from the bottom and access the clickwheel and plug in your ear buds while it 's still in the case . A sturdy , low-profile clip is perpendicular to the iPod , so it hangs on your hip horizontally instead of vertically - meaning you 're not hitting it with your leg as you walk . One of the best hard plastic cases out there .
 I did over a month of looking for a worthy Ipod Photo case because they are so scratch prone and this one had the best reviews and could be easily removed for dock use . When I first got it I could n't believe how perfectly it fits . In my opinion best overall case with all the features I was looking for . If you need to see a picture just go to the Contour Design website .
 Before buying the Contour Showcase , I read all the online reviews I could find for iPod cases , and this one seemed to satisfy most reviewers . Other cases are hard to get on and off , or hide the iPod 's good looks , do n't provide adequate protection , and so on.The Contour fits the iPod like a glove -LRB- it fits the 40 GB perfectly without use of the foam insert that 's included for smaller units -RRB- , yet is easy to get the iPod into and out of -- which is important to those of us who use it with the Dock , because the case ca n't be used with the Dock . Everything else on the 20 GB and 40 GB clickwheel iPods is readily accessible when the case is in place
 Not much to say , insert it correctly and it works fine.Caution installing , READ THE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLLY FOR LAPTOPS WITH TIERED RAM HOLDERS as I had to do it twice , but not the fault of the RAM .
 I was put off by the price of these Intuos tablets . I assumed you 'd need a larger-sized one if you wanted to do anything decent , and they are MAD expensive . And supposedly the Graphire , while much cheaper , is also vastly inferior - go figure . It seemed like an instance where you 'd have to spend a chunk of change , which I did n't feel like doing - I was n't convinced it was worth it.This may have had something to do with the fact that I 'd never used one ! They had Intuos tablets at my skool , I knew about them , but I never really bothered with them , or with Painter . I always felt like it was simpler to paint with paint and scan it for illustration work . I was keepin it real . I figured Painter was for people who did n't want to get their hands dirty . And as far as Intuos compatibility with other programs like Illustrator , Photoshop , etc , I was used to using the mouse and OK with it , so again , why bother.However , a couple friends from skool started using Intuos tablets with Painter . Once I saw prints of some of their paintings , and realized that they were totally digital , I had to admit I was impressed . Clearly Painter was developed by people who had a real understanding of the way paint acts , not to mention chalk , ink , pencil , airbrush , crayon , watercolor , etc.The thing is , you definitely DO need a tablet and stylus to take advantage of it . I started using Painter with the mouse , and right away I realized the extent of that problem . Painter 7 and up includes mouse-compatibility technology that supposedly allows for variation in pressure , etc , but it 's still an awkward and clunky way to go . You can make it work , but you 're handicapped from the start , and your results will be limited . I ca n't imagine that anybody would want to work that way . You need the stylus.I went ahead and bought a 4x5 Intuos . Well , first of all , the small size is n't that big of a deal . You technically only have the 4x5 space to work on , but the fact that you can zoom in and out and move your canvas around on the screen makes this a non-issue in practice . It would be nice to have a larger working space , but I suppose I 'll live.They talk about `` 1,024 degrees of pressure-sensitivity '' -LRB- or whatever -RRB- all over the box . That means nothing to anybody , but using is believing . Once I got the knack of the tablet -LRB- which does take a while - it 's not as intuitive as you might think , it 's an acquired skill -RRB- , I was amazed at how exquisite it really is . Different pressures , different angles , everything behaves as you would expect real media to behave ; and it 's -LRB- almost -RRB- as expressive , because you 're using it the same way - your marks are simply being recorded digitally rather than by pushing matter across a surface . You also have the convenience -LRB- within Painter -RRB- of being able to change paint color , brush type and size , `` paper '' type and color , and practically every other variable conceivable to the artist , all `` at the click of a button '' -LRB- like a 50 's TV spot -RRB- . From the point of view of professional illustration , this sort of thing is invaluable.All I 've done so far is talk about Intuos with Painter , but to me that 's it 's main application . The other one that sticks out is Illustrator and/or Freehand , et al. . As you may know , actual `` drawing '' with the mouse in this program can be mad retarded difficult . The stylus makes it more natural . Same thing in Flash , etc , and 3D apps like Maya , for the same reason . Oh , and of course Photoshop - in which I 've used it mainly in making precise selections.Anyway , here ends my valentine . I know I sound like I 'm employed by Wacom , which I hate ... lol ... but I do really like this stylus/tablet thingy .
 -LSB- -LSB- WHAT I LIKE ABOUT IT -RSB- -RSB- I have a very small desk , so the 4x5 dimensions of this tablet was just the right size for me . The installation tok 10 minutes to set up ; it was easy . I really like the `` omake '' software that it came with . Painter Classic and Adobe Photoshop Elements 2.0 make up a major part of the bundle . The former lets you create art that look like watercolours/oils , and the latter is great for final touchups.The pen is light and small . I 'm a woman , with a small hand ; I really like how the pen fits in my hand . -LSB- -LSB- WHAT I DO N'T LIKE -RSB- -RSB- The mouse is superfluous
 I will never go back to using a mouse . Tablets are so much more natural , and do n't cause as much carpal tunnel syndrome . Highly recommended for everyone .
 Very good construction.It fits my PDA firmly and still ok to use the touchscreen . It is bulky , as you know it , but does the job pretty well . It has fallen a few times and my PDA suffered nothing . I like and recommend it .
 I bought 2 of these kits for my grandchildren . They love them and their new experiences in learning to use them . Great gift for a younger person who has outgrown the usual toy . Well made and would even make a great camera for someone who does n't care that it is not a digital camera .
 I recently purchased the Go-Video DDV9556 Dual Deck VCR for home use . I was looking for the ability to quickly and easily splice scenes from one video to another without additional expensive editing equipment . This unit does it all and with great ease . I am very impressed ! The `` sync '' editing -LRB- on the fly -RRB- works great , as does the 8 scene automatic editing . With the on-screen titler , you can even label scenes . It is very easy to switch between decks for viewing . You can even watch video from one deck while recording TV on the other . The controls are very intuitive on both the console as well as the remote . I ca n't say enough about how pleased I am with this unit . The only complaint I have is that there are only RCA OUT -LRB- audio/video -RRB- jacks on the rear of the unit -LRB- in addition to coax -LRB- cable -RRB- in/out -RRB- - the RCA IN jacks are located only on the front of the unit . Aside from this one engineering deficiency -LRB- the only reason for 4 instead of 5 star rating -RRB- , the unit is sensational !
 This dual VCR is one of the best video purchases we 've ever made . So easy to use and set up and it makes copying tapes a breeze . The picture quality and sound is very good too . The only negative I can think of is the auto eject on the remote ; when you push stop twice the tape ejects . Although that 's easy enough to live with.We 've had ours about two years and had no tracking or picture problems at all . Still works like the first day . The reviewer with the tracking problem must have gotten a lemon ; there 're out in all products .
 We kept seeing this out at the ballgames and my friends and I kept thinking how great of an idea it was so I finally went out and bought one . It does n't let down at all . One-button auto recording makes incredible copies and being able to watch a movie while recording something off TV is just so useful . I highly recommend .
 I have had my Go Video for about 2 years - it works like a charm . It makes very good copies and is soooo easy to use . My Brother is on his second Go Video - he bought the 1st one ages ago when they cost a fortune and were quite unique . Have wanted one for years and finally the price is within reach .
 I have had this VCR for a few years now without any problems . In response to the previous review , The reason you can not watch recordings clearly on other VCR 's is that you have to make sure that the `` other '' VCR has the same SP/SLP modes . If you are trying to watch a video that you taped in SLP on another vcr that only plays and records in SP then you are going to have trouble viewing it clearly on anything other than a VCR that can handle various play and record modes .
 I 've had this VCR for about 10 years and it still works like a charm !! My main uses for it have been as a reciever for surround-sound , to make and copy tapes and to watch tapes . I 've never really gotten into the more technical stuff , but what it CAN do is amazing !! Since I 've bought it , DVD 's have taken over , but there is seemingly always a need to have a VCR ... I have several tapes that are just NOT available on DVD . So if ya got ta have a VCR , this is the way to go !! There is a secret to copying `` real '' tapes ... all you have to do is use a piece of tape to cover the notch in the videotape . To figure it out , look at a recordable tape while looking at the `` real '' tape , you 'll notice the difference . On a recordable tape , there is a plastic piece that you can pop off to make the tape un-recordable -LRB- so as not to accidentally tape over it or whatever -RRB- . `` Real '' tapes have this same notch . Just cover it with tape and the VCR will then recognize it as a recordable tape . This works for most tapes , but not all . There are some that apparently have another form of protection .
 I am using a Dell computer that 's running Windows XP . I use several vrml software programs to create 3D images and wanted to be able to expand on the detail work within Photoshop . In many of the graphic artist magazines I read , I see a lot of good work from users of the tablets , enough to realize it could be a useful tool . The pen is my main interest , since it gets right down to the pixel for that extra detail I want . I had also seen the name Wacom pop up alot as a reputable company . So I decided that if I was going to go for it , I 'd get the middle sized tablet . I did n't want to worry about scale conversion with the smaller one , and I did n't want to feel uncomfortable in all that foreign space with the larger one . When it arrived , I opened up the box and took a look . There were two CD 's , one with the driver , and one with applications , Painter Classic -LRB- which I did n't install because I already have Painter 7 and because I 've read of conflicts with the pen and the Painter Classic Program -RRB- , PenPalette -LRB- which installs filters into Photoshop , I think this is good , because you get extra pen recognition w / this in Photoshop , like pressure control , but it also shoves a lot of free demo filters in as well , trying to get you to buy PenPalette pro . It 's okay , I just ignore it but I 'm sure I could go and pull the demo 's out of the filter folder if I wanted to from the Photoshop file on my hardrive -RRB- , so the disk also includes Wacom Brushes -LRB- which I tried to install from the CD , but it said it already did ? -RRB- and also you get Photoshop Elements 2.0 -LRB- which I did n't install , since I have Photoshop , and Elements is a watered down version of Photoshop -RRB- . I think I read that the PenPalette stuff wo n't put all of the features into Photoshop Elements like it does into Photoshop . Okay , so that 's what 's on the CD 's . To install I just closed all my programs and plugged the usb in , Windows XP automatically recognized it . I saw the light go on the tablet . Then I put in the Driver Cd , it installed fine . Then I put in the program cds and installed the programs I wanted -LRB- everything but Elements and Painter -RRB- . I then registered online . Now at first when I looked in the box , I saw there was no manual , but when you look in your programs you 'll see a PDF manual there . It 's pretty good , it gives you some suggestions for practicing with your new pen . Granted , the pen is strange at first , but it 's just because your used to a mouse . I 'm sure in time , I will feel more comfortable with it , in fact in one night of using it , I already did . Of course you can use the mouse that you get with this instead of the pen at any time . You can go back and forth at will , without changing any settings or anything . In fact , I was worried that I would have to do something with my cordless Logitech mouse , but I did n't have to do anything . I have the new Wacom mouse on the tablet , the pen in it 's little stand -LRB- comes with your tablet -RRB- and my old mouse off to the side of the tablet . It still works ! So I have two , and a pen ! Of course , I ca n't put my old mouse on the tablet , it would scratch it up , the mouse they send you does n't have a ball , and it 's padded to work on the tablet . But my old mouse still works on the desk or on the old mousepad , right here on the same computer w/o changing anything . Now when you use the pen , when you come into about an inch over your tablet , you 'll see that you can move the curser without touching the pad . If you want to click on something , you can either tap the tablet with the tip of your pen or click the top part of a button that is down by your fingers on the pen . The button has a top and a bottom part on this button , the top for what is usually your mouse 's left click and if you press the bottom part , it 's like the right click of your mouse . It 's sort of fun just to experience a new way of cruizin ' around , aside from the graphic jazz . I had no problems , I like it . -LRB- P.S. here 's an added later tip - sometimes the mouse will freeze up when you are moving around , if this happens , take the mouse off of the tablet and put the pen on it , the curser will come back , then go ahead an put your mouse back on the tablet and it will work fine again -RRB-
 Decided to get one of these used to test how they work.I am very pleased with how it saves me time in tying to draw an outline .
 I bought the smallest size -LRB- 4x5 -RRB- so its a bit different but ... I bought this when I was in 8th grade . I did n't have that much money at the same time but wanted to get intuos -LRB- rather than graphire -RRB- because of the pressure levels and oh boy , am I glad.I 've graduated from college and now am working as a designer . I bought this about 12 years ago and it 's literally been around the world and have been banged around alot . It also made me money -LRB- freelancing , work , etc -RRB- all these years and I can say this is the best tool I 've ever invested in.I have a intuos 4 as well which has better pressure levels for sure but I was definitely led to that purchase thanks to my intuos 2 ... because I knew wacom would not disappoint . I also knew wacom would n't pull an apple on me -LRB- and update like every 6 months to a new model -RRB- since its been like 12 years and intuos 5 just came out -LRB- Of course , I did not know intuos 5 would come out about 3 months after I bought my intuos 4 -_- -RRB- I definitely do recommend the new models -LRB- just easier to work on , more pressure sensitive -RRB- but I just wanted to boast that ... my intuos 2 is stilll alive after like 10-12 years . It 's slowly dying now -LRB- the cord connection is giving me issues -RRB- but while it lasts , I 'm going to enjoy it !
 I think anybody who buys a wacom -LRB- intuos -RRB- knows what they buy , and why . All my high expectations are fulfilled . It works perfectly . The mouse is for both right and left-hand users , has too sharp angles and only has the basic buttons so its ergonomy is not great . This means as the only pointing device for some it is insufficient -LRB- but I already have two other on the same computer so for me no issue -RRB- The drivers and modification software is excelent . The additional software was for me of no importance and I do n't think many people will buy it for that , since anyone who buys a product like this already has his own favourite software installed -LRB- for instance most will have a full version of Photoshop , as it is the reference -RRB- Probably less important but still great are the superb looks of the device . It looks nice on pictures but in real with the led on it is even better . The materials used are good and construction is as solid as computer hadware can be.All and all you really see how Wacom puts its own and user experience in its products and the ergonomy is fantastic ... If Wacom only made a mouse modeled after the top models from Microsoft and Logitech as an option for their tablets it would be perfect .
 Si eres dise & ntilde ; ador gr&aacute;fico o est&aacute;s interesado en el dise & ntilde ; o gr&aacute;fico con seriedad , esta tableta debe estar en el equipo b&aacute;sico . Es una excelente herramienta para dibujo y retoque . Da una versatilidad que no es posible alcanzar con un simple rat&oacute;n o trackball . El control que permite sobre los retoques , los niveles de presi&oacute;n y la facilidad de delineado hacen de este equipo algo especial . Despu&eacute;s de usarlo no sabr&aacute;s c&oacute;mo es posible que hayas estado tanto tiempo sin algo as&iacute; . Por otro lado , es un poco caro , pero si lo puedes pagar no te arrepentir&aacute;s . Re-co-men-da-do . ***** .
 The Wacom Intuos2 6x8 is the tablet I use to create all my Painter sketches . It 's actually 13.5 '' x 10.2 '' x .6 '' in size . 6x8 is only the usable area . It has an impressive 1024 pressure levels , though even when using programs without pressure levels such as oekaki boards online , the difference between a tablet and a mouse is outstanding . However , when using programs like Painter that use the pressure , it 's so well implemented it 's second nature . You 'll easily adjust to how hard to push with the stylus.I 'm not 100 % sure how the technology works , but the pressure seems to have nothing to do with pushing on the tablet itself . Instead , the pressure seems to be done in the stylus , based on how hard the tip of the stylus is being pushed . This is great , and extends the life of the tablet dramatically . It feels very solid and durable . I honestly believe it will last for years and years.Not only does it respond to the slightest touch , but it also responds to hovering above the tablet . Many people ask `` how will I know where the cursor will appear when I press on the tablet ? '' Well , there 's an easy answer to that . When you hover the stylus above the tablet , up to a good inch or so , the cursor still fully responds without actually marking . This makes it effortless to move around the screen and have the greatest of accuracy.I myself am I die hard mouse user , I still prefer to use my mouse for work in Photoshop , simply for greater control . Most tablet users I know do the same ; they use the mouse for some tasks and the tablet for others . Many , including myself , use both at once . Do n't expect to throw your mouse out the window.A lot of people get their first tablet and reject it quickly because it 's not exactly how they expect . However , stick with it . Soon enough you 'll be using it without any effort at all . And I know the sticker price is high , but I believe one good tablet like the Intuos2 will not only physically last for years , but will stay somewhat current and up to date for many years as well . Although I 'm sure bigger and better will come , I do n't see older tablets becoming worthless any time soon.The Wacom name is flawless . Wacom is without question the leader of graphic tablets . A little competition would n't hurt ; prices are quite high at the moment . However , the qualities of the tablets are wonderful.The last issue to consider is what size to get . As I said at the start , 6x8 is only the active size . The tablet itself is quite larger . I personally use my tablet on a pullout keyboard tray , and the 6x8 tablet fits perfectly . Also , some people actually prefer the smaller tablets because a smaller movement gives them larger control . There are stories of people paying upwards of $ 600 for huge tablets , then being highly disappointed because it 's too large . Remember , the longer the stroke you must make the more chance your lines will end up wiggly . It 's really a personal matter , but for me 6x8 was a perfect fit of size and price.All in all , I have nothing bad to say about the Intuos2 except just maybe the price . It 's spiffy , it 's accurate , and it 's exactly what it should be . - Rirath_com
 I never used a tablet before , so I had a few reservations about dropping so much money and going straight to the 6x8 size . In the end , I was more concerned about not feeling cramped and not having to upgrade from a 4x5 or 4x6 later on . On all counts , I have no regrets and I am extremely happy with the Intuos2 . Not only is it sleekly beautiful and feels well-made , it also sets up easily . In a very short time , the indicator light at the top was glowing amber , and I had the free software programs loaded and opened Corel Painter Classic . I pressed the very comfortable and sturdy pen to the tablet and the light changed to green . Then I was off and running , trying colored chalks and watercolors and getting used to the strange , new act of using a tablet to draw , and I have to say it became `` natural '' very quickly . I made a watercolor painting of a wolf within 2 hours of carrying the box through the door ! I ca n't say enough about how comfortable to use and responsive in operation the Intuos2 is . It is very accurate , and there 's no skipping , lags , or non-registering pen strokes , or any type of responsiveness issue . The mouse works for any ordinary task in other programs -LRB- as long as it 's on the tablet -RRB- , but I 'm keeping my trackball mouse connected to use for programs other than Painter and Photoshop . Although I have no previous tablet experience to compare it to , I feel this product is excellent quality and I 'm very happy with it . I recommend it highly , with no reservations at all .
 I was so excited when I received the tablet . Although it is quite expensive , it is a must-have tool for any digital artist . I used the graphire -LRB- 512 levels of pressure -RRB- before , however I do n't feel much difference with Intuos2 -LRB- 1024 levels -RRB- . The included software is great . The driver setup is also excellent . It allows you to set the button to perform different functions in different program.The pen is also very comfortable to use . It came with few spare pen tips too . But the mouse is disappointing . The hard side edges is not comfortable to use . It is not as smooth as using an ordinary mouse.I will give 5 stars if it have a better mouse and ... cheaper .
 I wanted a larger Wacom but I could n't get one because Wacom was having problems with a supplier . I ordered the 6x8 . I find that it works very well and fits on my desk top nicely . It performs like a dream . The Wacom installed easily . I had a few problems with the USB settings in my computer that the Wacom Tech helped me solve . The product is very nice and they have a good tech support team to back it up . I consider that more important than the product itself.I 'm planning on buying another Intuos for my 2nd work station .
 I finally splurged for this Wacom tablet -LRB- 6 `` x8 '' -RRB- and am I ever glad I did ... and wish I had done it much sooner ! This item arrived and within minutes I had it hooked up to my computer -LRB- and I 'm not very computer literate -RRB- and within half hour I was actually drawing pictures with great success as I explored what all it could do . This thing is just amazing in the controls you have and the ease of use . The size is perfect not being too big or too small . If you are into any kind of artistry , I honestly think you 'd be well satisfied buying this one especially because of the ease in using it .
 I originally bought the 9x12 and it was fabulous for artwork but did n't fit on my desk and was very awkward to use with the included cordless mouse because the tablet was so big . My DH took it and he bought me the 6x8 which is just perfect all around . -LRB- At that time the 6x8 did n't come with a mouse , just the pen , but DH was kind enough to let me keep the mouse . -RRB- I love everything about it . Painter Classic crashes a lot in XP but I 'm researching other software . I LOVE the eraser feature on the pen !
 Wacom rocks when it comes to any kind of tablet , but this is far better than the Graphire we used to use . It does cost a lot , but it is by far the best tablet on the market that you can get . We previously had the Graphire 4x5 and this was a nice replacement . We are happy with the size . It is more realistic as far as scale compared to your monitor output . I think the 4x5 was nice , but it seemed like it was hard for me to get used to how little you could move the pen and how far it would really travel on the screen . This one has a nice grip on the pen that is comfortable . We do n't use the mouse , but I noticed someone said that it was uncomfortable because it was squared off with hard edges . That is true . I can tell the difference with the many more pressures . If you are thinking of getting a cheaper version from another company , do n't do it unless you are n't really serious about realistic drawing . It came with extra pen tips which was nice . I have learned that saving money is great , but there are some things -LRB- for example : anything dealing with computers or electronics -RRB- that you truly get what you pay for . I have never heard of a great high-tech tool that is cheap and reliable . This one has a much longer warranty than their previous products . The color is nice , too . It 's sleek looking and very stylish .
 Wacom rocks when it comes to any kind of tablet , but this is far better than the Graphire we used to use . It does cost a lot , but it is by far the best tablet on the market that you can get . We previously had the Graphire 4x5 and this was a nice replacement . We are happy with the size . It is more realistic as far as scale compared to your monitor output . I think the 4x5 was nice , but it seemed like it was hard for me to get used to how little you could move the pen and how far it would really travel on the screen . This one has a nice grip on the pen that is comfortable . We do n't use the mouse , but I noticed someone said that it was uncomfortable because it was squared off with hard edges . That is true . I can tell the difference with the many more pressures . If you are thinking of getting a cheaper version from another company , do n't do it unless you are n't really serious about realistic drawing . It came with extra pen tips which was nice . I have learned that saving money is great , but there are some things -LRB- for example : anything dealing with computers or electronics -RRB- that you truly get what you pay for . I have never heard of a great high-tech tool that is cheap and reliable . This one has a much longer warranty than their previous products . The color is nice , too . It 's sleek looking and very stylish .
 I have used Macs and Apple products for a while now and if you appreciate its superior ease of use and intuitive user experience then you will also come to appreciate the same about the Wacom product line . Perfect and indispensible for all art applications , and practical for all others , the Wacom tablet and cordless stylus is both comfortable and liberating . There will be a period of adjustment but , after this
 I 've been using the Wacom Intuos2 9X12 Graphics Tablet at my job for roughly the last six months ... The bottom line , it 's just a great product . . Here 's why ... I wo n't go through all of the features of this tablet , because you can read that in any other review on this site , but I will tell you what I use it for , and what I like and dislike about it . -LRB- And there is n't really anything that I DISLIKE about it . -RRB- Right out of the box , I could tell that this was a well built product . It 's not overly light , and it just feels `` strong '' , if that makes any sense . It feels sturdy . In the box was the tablet itself , the pen , the mouse , some very easy to understand instruction , and 2 cd 's . One for the installation of the tablet , and the other for the installation of the software that comes with it . Procreate painter classic , and Photoshop.Installation was a breeze . Plugged it in , put in the cd , clicked `` yes '' a few times , and I was using it . -LRB- I 'll note here that I use mine on a VERY beefed up Gateway system running Windows XP Pro -RRB- After the simple installation , I took it for its first test drive . I put the pen on the tablet , and starting moving it around . Let me tell you , it took some getting used to . But do n't worry , I felt like I was a pro at it after about 10 minutes or so . The toughest part for me to get used to while doing sketches was to not look at the tablet while drawing , as you would while doing a drawing on paper . Looking at the screen and not looking at my drawing hand was a new experience , but once again , I felt fine with it after 15 minutes or so.So after I felt pretty good about using the pen on the tablet , next I moved to the wireless , battery-less mouse that came with it ... To put it simply , I did n't like it at all ! It seemed to glide really fast across the tablet , and it just seemed extremely light and just hard to use . After trying it out for a few minutes , I put the Wacom mouse in the desk drawer , and that 's where it has stayed for the last 6 months . Maybe I could have gotten used to the feel of it with more time , but I did n't get this thing for the mouse , I got it for the pressure sensitive pen!I got to work right away using the tablet for the art that I do for work . Plainly put , it makes it 100 times more fun , faster , and easier using a pen instead of a mouse . Let alone a pressure sensitive pen like this one . The kind of work that I use it for is things like designing logos , architectural sketches , taking something out of a photo that does n't need to be there , etc. . And I use the Procreate Painter Classic that it comes with almost exclusively for this kind of art work . I use Photoshop to do most of the coloring , and straightening up of a piece of work.In conclusion , this is a fantastic product , from a company that I really `` trust '' . I heard about the company when I started to talk to fellow artists in my area about good tablets , and they all said that Wacom 's Tablets are the kind to go with . I now see why ! Theirs is the only brand of tablet I 've ever used , and the only one I ever care to use . I see no reason to venture off to other products , because I 'm completely happy with the Wacom Brand.Like I said above , I use the 9X12 size . I believe they make them 2 sizes smaller , and two sizes bigger . But for what I use it for , 9X12 is DEFINETLY big enough , and I can see no reason to go any bigger.All in all , great product from a great company , and if you can get one , you should . Even if only for play.To let you know how much I stand behind this product and this company , I recently ordered a Wacom Graphire2 4X5 tablet STRICTLY for myself , for home use . Just to have fun with . I 'll write a review of the Graphire2 when I get it and test it out . But from what I 've already heard about them , they 're just as good of a product as the Intuos2 that I use now.To sum it all up , this is a great product all around .
 ... I needed to buy an Intuos2 for my classes . I choose the 9x12 tablet . It took a while for me to get used to using the pen , but now I love it ! I spend nearly 6 hours a day on the computer . Now I reach for the pen for nearly all my mouse-ing needs . It is much easier on soreness caused by repetitive stress . In addition is it much more precise . This tool is absolutely awesome ! This item is a must have for anyone doing a lot of graphics work !
 I had intended on putting my lens in this , then into my camera bag . It 's too bulky to do that . It would be perfect if you are storing your lenses outside of a camera bag or for long periods . Very nicely made case , but if you 're putting it into another bag , this wo n't work well unless you bag is huge .
 up graded from a rockford fosgate 300/2 to this 550/2 this amp pounds the crap out of my 2 12w1JL audio subs man this is a must buy for those on a budget also i have a 450/4 rockford fosegate pushing 2 sets of 6/9 and 3 sets of 1 inch tweeters sounds amazing i always buy rockford amps they are great quality and made in usa 2 thumbs up very pleased
 I 've owned a lot of amp 's but this is the best one I 've owned yet . I connected it today and I was very pleased with my purchase . I sounds awsome . For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 I 've owned many IR headsets , but these seem to be the best . I started with Farenheit which fold flat but they are terribly flimsy with the earpads coming off and the swivel parts breaking on all of 3 sets . Then I bought XOVision which also fold flat and have been sturdy but I realized I wanted the audio jack so I could use them with an iPad . Now this Pyle seems to solve all the problems - it 's got a jack , sturdy , and it has the best wide angle reception of any of the headsets . My DVD player is on the rear driver side and most headsets only work on the rear passenger side if you turn your head just at the right angle . These work facing any reasonable direction . I 've only had them a short while but they seem sturdily built . They remind me a little of my chainsaw cutting helmet , but my daughter has n't complained since they work so well . It looks like the heavy band might be on elastic and stretch , but no , it just seems to be a funky design . I picked up a used pair at an unbelievable price and they work great .
 If you have a loud ATV like I do , then you know that you are n't putting speakers on it and playing your favorite tunes . Also , I have tried using my corded headphones , and I always end up snagging the cord and having to remove the jack to change the music . So I got this pair of headphones and the sound quality is better than the corded version . The straps on top of the head really lock the phones on there , and the cushioned ear-pieces hold environmental noise at bay . Very good product that I recommend buying !
 what i like most they totally seal around the ear so comfortable they are.i 'm totally stoked ! they 're lightweight and formfitting.the audio 's choice . these deliver ! i wear them hours at a time and love the audio .
 These are great in my apartment , i live in the city and the last pair of wireless headphones picked up lots of interferrence , i can walk around from room to room , grated my apartment 's small , 750 square , these have great reception in any case . I dig the mute button and volume control , these sound great ... not expected for 20 .
 This wall mount was extremely simple to hang and is very sturdy . The ability to shift the TV off center with this mount was very appealing and made for an easier installation . My studs were off center over the fireplace , making the TV off center , but this mount solved the problem .
 this product was easy to mount to the wall . just follow the directions that comes with instructions . it is very sturdy & holds the tv in a solid postion .
 Fit and finish are outstanding ... this is a great value for the price and my new 55 '' Samsung !!!
 The Installation was a breeze , this is a very sturdy product and it was amazing how easy it was to install . I recommend this product : Pros : - Great price as compared to a Sanus - Easy Installation - Quality product Sturdy enough to hold a 52 '' LCD - Tilting functionality is good if you have a lot of glare in your roomCons : - Once the TV is fixed on the wall , not enough space to get more cables connected
 I purchased this Monster SmartView 300 and found that the construction was as sturdy as lesser branded mounts I had seen in brick and mortar stores . The instructions for installation were very straightforward and simple . I mounted a 46 '' Sony Bravia KDL-W3000 LCD HDTV with relative ease over my fireplace -LRB- with the assistance of two friends -RRB- . Suggestions for installing the mount include
 This product came with everything I needed to mount it to the wall . It 's great if I end up upgrading my TV I feel confident that I will still be able to use this mount . I love the fact that you can actually lock the TV to the wall .
 This was a great product . The only issue I had was there were no screws or bolts included . So I had to go to the local home depot to get them . The price was great and shipping was fast
 It is avery good mounting bracket except that that the locking mecanism is not working good or my be I didnt know the right way to do it .
 Strong , very good mount , I recommend it , I have a 58 '' samsung plasma on it and it looks strong as a rock on my living room wall
 Easy install , did it alone in about 30 minutes -LRB- just the mount , not the TV.Get a friend to help with that -RRB- . Very high quality and strength . Used for 54 '' Panasonic Plasma above a fireplace . I have it at full tilt forward and it 's solid as a rock
 The product is very easy to install and very well built ... The instructions are easy and everything you need to install it is right there in the box ...
 Monster has been doing A/V equipment for a long time and they have been doing it all quite well . This mount is as solid and straight-foward as you can get . When we moved into our new home -LRB- 2 weeks ago -RRB- we knew the 65 '' DLP was n't going to fit above the mantel so it made its way to the media room and we purchased a new 50 '' Plasma -LRB- LG -RRB- to go in the family room . Once the mount is unboxed and layed out you can see , quite well , where everything fits and it wo n't leave you scratching your head . The included bolts/spacers/washers were more than enough to complete the task at hand . The measurements were made and within 30-45 minutes the new unit was hung , very beautifully , above the fireplace . The only thing not 100 % clear is how the quick-tilt function works so just to make that clear , the actual tilt-screw knobs are spring loaded so no matter how tight a squeeze you have between the wall and your unit , as long as you can get your hand to the knob , you can swivel it to lock or unlock the tilt function . I give this mount 2 thumbs up .
 I mounted this over the fire place on a 2 inch thick 12 by 36 inch block of wood that I secured to a number of 2x4s . The mount is made of solid metal and I -LRB- 200 + -RRB- could even hang on it when I was done . I did buy some extra lag & toggle bolts at the hardware store because I wanted to insure that it was tight on the wall/board . The kit comes with alot of bolts for securing -LRB- approx 10 different sizes times 4 bolts each -RRB- it to your TV and 4 lag bolts with concrete anchors to secure to the wall . It has some spacers -LRB- approx 2 different with 4 each -RRB- but I did not need them to mount my 50 inch LG plasma TV . It is tight between the TV and wall , I can get my hand/arm back there but it is n't the easiest thing to do . My wife and I lifted the TV to the mount and it was no trouble for us to get it to hang on the plate . Word to the wise be aware of which TV mounting arm you are placing on the TV there is a Left and Right mount for accessing the adjustment of the tilt -LRB- 20 degree tilt -RRB- . Overall I am very pleased with the mount and believe that you would n't be disappointed .
 I have a Panasonic GF1 , and this bag is a great fit for it with the 14-45mm lens , a couple more lenses -LRB- the 20mm pancake plus the 45-200mm -RRB- plus the removable viewfinder and a few more accessories , or would fit the camera and lens , 1 lens plus a p & s ; and accessories . I think the bag would work well for Olympus PENS , smaller DSLRs like the Pentax K-x or the Rebel.It 's light , not too big , well made , the zipper is good , and like some similar bags , has movable `` walls '' inside , so you can adjust it to fit your stuff.If you have a smaller removable lens camera or DSLR , and are n't carrying more than a couple lenses , this bag could be just what you 're looking for . I know it 's the perfect camera backpack for me : -RRB-
 The backpack is small , but portable . If your looking for a bag to carry light than this is for you . It can only fit a couple of lenses -LRB- one on the camera and one separate -RRB- and other little stuff . I have one lens attach to a D90 , sb400 , battery , giotto cleaning kit , IR remote , polarizer , battery charger , sdhc cards , hood , op strap and the backpack seems to be getting close to being full . I might be able to get a 70-300 in there if I play around with it , but it will be tight . As of the way how I have it I can set up , I can fit a prime in there also plus some more little stuff . oh one more thing , this back pack is smaller than a standard one so it feels kinda funny when you first wear it . Does n't bother me since I bought it for its smallness . feels like a kids backpack on you with a tougher built.Now that the size is out of the way , the back pack is very comfortable and pretty well thought out . I like the way how the zipper has a cover to prevent rain from getting in . I have use it on a steady rain before and my camera equipment came out completely dry . the padding is good where I do feel my camera is safe . With everything in it , it feels comfortable enough where I do n't really feel the weight at all . does have divider inside compartment.overall , I like it for what I bought it for since I am just starting out with DSLR . I do n't have to break into my bank and get a big one where it 's not fill up where I am lugging extra size for nothing . When I do buy more equipment I will switch to a bigger size or might just keep this one for light travel . I am very satisfied .
 My son bought this camera bag for me for Christmas this past year . It 's a great camera bag . Not too big . If you have a lot of camera equipment , I would recommend a larger bag . For what I have , it 's perfect ! Camera , 18-200 lens , camera hood , External flash , my smaller digital camera , batteries , my identification , money , and car keys .
 The backpack is very sturdy . The zippers are hard to open if you are needing to open it quickly . Other than that I 'm glad I bought this backpack .
 This Camera Backpack is great . It has a bunch of compartments for lenses and also a nicely positioned area to slide your lensed camera into . I can literally grab the bag and pull out my camera effortlessly and not miss a shot .
 I 'm really happy with this backpack . My camera fits nicely and I have lots of extra room to put non-camera items too . But the best part is that it 's smaller than a regular pack , so it 's easier to carry .
 Very durable and sturdy for a small backpack and well padded to protect your lenses and body . Ample storage for one camera , lens and accessories.UPDATE !!!! As my accessories collection grew , so does the need . This item is very sturdy but I think its just too small now at this point .
 This camera backpack is just what I needed for my job as a journalist . It holds several lenses , is comfortable and compact . There is also a pocket that holds accessories , my notebook and recorder . It 's stylish and perfect for my needs . It would n't recommend this for someone who carries more than one camera , though .
 I had the lowepro compudaypack and it a great backpack but it does not supply enough storage space for camera equipment and is fairly big . This Tamrac backpack is perfect . You 'll be surprise the massive storage space it provides in its little body . I have a D90 , Nikon 35mm 1.8 , Tokina 12-24mm , Nikon 55-200mm , SB400 , all misc cleaning , cables , double A battery charger and still have EXTRA room for another lens . I have no complaints . I like it more than the lowepro slingshot because this is a tradition backpack with 2 shoulder straps vs. a sling over
 This camera is a perfect size for travling with my olympus slr and a couple of different lenses . My charger and extras all fit as well . Great price . Great product
 I 've had this bag for almost 2 years now and I 'm pleased with my purchase . As my review title says , this is not a bag for people who want to carry around their entire collection of lenses and bodies . Both of my main lenses are fairly compact primes , so people who mainly use telephoto lenses will have less room and might want to look elsewhere . To give prospective buyers a good idea of what this bag could hold , here 's a list of what I have in each compartment : Main compartment
 I still think my kata dr 461 is better because of the added chest support strap and wider slimmer look but this will beat any shoulder bag . For long walks be it in the city or at a trail I am always looking for a small backpack to fill my needs . This little fellow was smaller than I thought but still I take it and put it to use for my backup dslr when I go out and about .
 I just received this bag as a gift . I have the canon rebel t1i with an external battery pack . . three lenses and an external flash . Everything fits perfect and is custom because of the removable pad/separators . There is plenty of room left over for batteries ... flash cards ... you name it . Very comfortable . I highly recommend this bag !!
 It has velcro walls so you can make the compartment big as you want it . The cushion is big enough to protect the lens and accessories if I were to drop it . I have a Nikon D40 with standard lens 25mm-55mm , 35mm F/1 .8 Nikkor lens , 55-200mm VR Nikkor telephoto lens and a Nikon speedlight flash , charger plug in , and the usb cable . There is a flap around the zipper so when it rains , it ca n't seep through the zipper . Overall , the best camera bag that is worn with both shoulders . Even though it looks small around my back , it is extremely practical .
 Great bag for small trips and compact took it to vegas and it got the job done love it . .
 I have my D60 with 3 lenses and SB-600 flash all in this bag . I even have room for my charger and filters . I probably could n't fit anyhing else in here , so if I get any more gear I will have to get a bigger bag .
 Big enough for 1 SLR body w/telephoto lens , additional lenses , and even another small camera , this pack is the perfect replacement for those old boxy bags . It has handles everywhere , plenty of compartments , and is small enough to be extremely portable . As advertised , not for the serious professional who needs more than 3 lenses , but for everyone else it 's the perfect solution to carrying camera gear .
 I 've used this pack for about 2 months . I 've taken it on a long hike -LRB- not so good . . read below -RRB- , a short hike -LRB- worth it -RRB- , and a car trip -LRB- good -RRB- . Good
 The backpack is compact but spacious . There were plenty of velcro 'd padded dividers . It was big enough to hold Nikon D90 , 2 telephoto lens , 2 chargers + batteries and the instruction booklet . Excellent value for the money . Camera is well protected and it fit all the stuff I needed .
 This is a great little backpack camera bag . It fits my D40 nicely -LRB- with a lens on ! -RRB- and easily has enough extra room for 2-3 more lenses and accessories . I like that the top handle has a grippy plastic texture . It keeps its shape well , though I would n't pile anything heavy on top of it , like for a road trip . Overall I 'm happy with my purchase.Disappointments : - The side mesh pockets are not very expandable -LRB- you might be able to fit two fingers at most between the elastic when the bag is loaded up -RRB- so you could not , say , fit a bottle of water in it . There are accessory pouches and even a water bottle holder that you can buy separately , though - The zippers are sometimes hard to close - I think it if it were a hot day , you 'd get a sweaty spot on your back ; it does n't have good air flow -LRB- but you ca n't expect too much for this inexpensive price point -RRB- P.S. I do n't think this bag would be at all suitable for backpacking -LRB- I saw that tag on here -RRB- . I backpack , and this thing would be too big and bulky for that !
 I have a Canon Rebel xti , lens that came with it , wireless remote , 3 filters , lens that came with the camera , battery charger , a Canon powershot , its battery charger , a couple spare batteries , 4-5 memory cards , the Rebel 's manual , a small notebook , the Rebel 's neck strap , my iPod mini and my wall chargers for my Razr & its headset all in this backpack . There is some extra room . It 's smaller than a regular backpack . It flips over my shoulder nicely . I would buy this again . I am not sure it will hold the two additional lenses and flash unit that I intend to buy ... but I imagine that Tamrac has a larger version . This is a very nice alternative to the standard lunch box style padded camera bag .
 This pack is exactly what I was looking for , a smaller backpack that was n't over-sized . I use it for my D800 with the Nikkor 28 * 300 lens attached with hood . There is still room for a flash `` OR '' the charger .
 I cant give a 5 stars because the straps are not the best , they dont feel comfortable . but holds several lenses and the body safetly
 This bag is very durable and roomy . It holds all my lenses and accessories . The backpack style makes it easy to carry .
 I 've been looking for a backpack style bag for my Olympus SLR for quite some time . All the bags I 've come across were around $ 80.00 I saw this one on Amazon for $ 42.50 so I could n't resist . It 's perfect for me as it 's small but it fits everything I need for the camera .
 I was looking for a compact size photo backpack and the description of this one fit my criteria . Most of the other reviewers here said it was tiny so I was not surprised when it arrived and it was small.I bought this to have a place to store the camera and it 's accessories and to transport it in the car or take it on an airplane . It easily held my Canon Rebel with the camera strap , an extra lens , the battery charger , several extra memory cards , my phone and phone charger , iPod and charger , mini camera manual and a few pamphlets . There was room for one more lens or a small external flash.You ca n't store much in the mesh pockets ; if you do it gets difficult to close the bag . Also , there is a huge rain flap over the main zipper which gets in the way when you open and close the bag . It was very annoying until I realized the flap could be folded back and then the zipper worked flawlessly never getting caught.This is a huge improvement over the shoulder style bag that I had . It 's nicely padded with lots of protection for the camera and comfortable to carry on my back . I 'm not very large so a small bag is good for me . For what this bag offers and the price I paid , it is a great value . If you have lots of gear or need quick access to your camera while hiking this would not be a good choice for you .
 This will give you a much cleaner installation of your radio that if you were to just cut the factory harness out . Well worth the money .
 Anytime you are going to replace your factory radio with an aftermarket one , METRA is the ONLY way to go . METRA makes adding a radio extremely easy and hassle free ; just make sure you have a service manual just in case.Almost all the wires can be matched color to color .
 the metra harness worked well for my 1987 gmc suburban . these harnesses make it a whole lot easier to install aftermarket stereos without removing your vehicles factory plug .
 It helped me power up my laptop in Singapore and India . It does what it claims to do , and is a great item for all the road warriors
 I used it in Italy . The only problem with this is you ca n't plug in a battery charger . It worked great with my cell phone and charging my camera . I did blow a circuit when I tried to plug in a clothes steamer . It is very limited on what you can charge .
 I recently purchased this adapter for a trip to India and it worked just fine . The fact that it accommodates different countries in one adaptable unit is an important feature , not only because I plan to use it on another upcoming trip outside of the US , but also becuase it 's nice and compact and travels well . It worked without a problem , and that 's the bottom line .
 I All-in-One Travel Plug Adapter worked great on my trip to the UK and it worked with all the appliances that we traveled with .
 Easiest adapter I 've used . I 'm a college student from the US , studying in England . In order to get all of those little things to run which make life easier I went with this adapter . I 've purchased two of them and use them both daily , and have so for about 2 months now . There has n't been a single problem with them yet . Do n't use high output items such as hair dryers too often b/c the fuse will blow . For my laptop it has been great .
 Very nice , very convenient.Note for the person who tried to use their blow dryer with it
 I just used the plug on a trip to Israel . Worked as described . Remember , it is not a transformer it will just allow your plugs to fit . If you plug this into a 220V outlet and plug a 110V device into it the device will fry .
 Works great , all-in-one so you do n't have to keep track of different pieces . If you have a 3 prong US plug , bring an 3 to 2 adapter .
 This adapter worked extremely well for the most part , and was a great value for the money . My one problem was that it appeared , from the pictures , to accept grounded plugs -LRB- US version -RRB- , but it did not , which caused some last-minute adjusting .
 I used this plug on my trip to Europe , and let me tell you it really came in handy . Worked in every country i went to -LRB- including Hungary -RRB- Saves alot of space but it did hang or tilt a little in some sockets , guess it was the way I had it positioned , but it definetly is worth the buy !
 Purchased this before I went to Europe last year , it worked great in Greece , Italy , Germany , France , Amsterdam , Britain and Ireland.I 'd give it a full 5 stars , but sometimes gave me trouble locking into place.I am hoping one of the earlier reviews telling of a `` trick '' to get this to work in China is true , as I am going to be trying it it there firsthand and soon
 Other reviewers were not kidding when they say this adapter is large . Even with its size , it is well-built and gets the job done.I was able to recharge my cellphone and camera while on a trip to Spain without any problems . As a side note , before my trip , I was reading that many places in Spain have recessed electrical gounded outlets . I was concerned that the adapter would not be able to plug-in because of this . However , since the prongs on the device protrude a good distance out of the module , this was never an issue.Again , the only downside to this item is that it is large . It is too big to fit into a jean pants pocket so it is something you will definetly need to pack away . Even with its size , I would stil purchase it again .
 Great little product . It 's relatively compact , which is nice . I did n't have any problems with it.I realized , however , that I forgot to make sure the product would work in the UK , which it did n't , but that was my fault . That would be the only thing that could have made this better -LRB- because I had to buy another adapter to use while I was there -RRB- .
 We 've used this in Europe and the Caribbean . It works perfectly every time . My only complaint is it 's pretty bulky .
 The adapter has worked great in Ireland -LRB- except for the strange `` electric shaver '' outlets they have here , for which it does not have a connection -RRB- . It 's compact , but a bit large to fit in certain outlets . It 's got a built-in fuse box -LRB- 2.5 A/250V -RRB- and a very convenient slot inside the adapter for a spare fuse , which is supplied . I also like that I can go from any input to any output , instead of just one US input to worldwide outputs , in case I bring any foreign appliances back to the US with me .
 This adapter worked fine recently in Europe . There is one potential issue for users - it will not accept a 3 pronged US grounded ac cord . If you want to use it with a grounded cord you will need a 3 to 2 prong adapter .
 I owned this product previously . I bought it before i moved to Paris in 2006 for my laptop . It was great but due to overuse i suppose the plug become worn for the France adapter . Then my young cousin borrowed it and broke it . The sliding mechanism broke and was unable to slide back into itself in order to use another country.However , now in 2009 , back from living in New Zealand , I needed an adapter to charge the camera I had bougth there . It works great . I will be just a little more careful with this one.The great thing about it is that it is not heavy at all , like other adapters .
 I 've used this adapter in Germany and Iceland . It works great to keep my cell phone charged and laptop going . I love that it is self-contained . Much better than the pouch of pieces I used to carry around .
 After reading the `` does n't work with 3 prongs '' by Mark Rosenthal I almost did n't get it . I do n't have any 3 prong electronics , but I did n't want to be unable to buy something with 3 prongs . I got it anyway , I could n't find anything that specifically listed my destination -LRB- South Korea -RRB- as compatible and I 'm so glad I bought this . It works in Korea . I 'm working with GEPIK and teaching here for a year , I also plan to travel to Laos , India , Japan , and Malaysia so I 'm glad this is supposed to work virtually everywhere.Since I 'll be here a while , I just wish I 'd bought at least 2 or 3 .
 Needed this for the international trip - most chargers from PCs or cellphones already control the rate of charge so all you need is this to convert from US to european plug types
 Its a plug . What more can you say about a plug ? I 've used this in Ireland and London with out any complaints . I would recommend it for anyone .
 Bought one of each this model and one with USB from Shoreline Warehouse , nice product , great customer service.Why spend the extra money for the same product.Would not hesitate to buy from them again .
 I call it the power grenade , unless I am at the airport . Anyway , its just nice to have a device with all of the adapters in one . And now since most things come with built in transformers , I needed worry too much about power differences , just if I can plug something in .
 I used this for a CPAP in Spain and England . Since the CPAP had a built in voltage adapter , this was perfect . Because the various plug adapters are built into the case and slide in and out , you do n't lose them . Be aware , however , that this is merely a plug adapter , not a converter . If your electronic devise does not have a built in converter to convert voltage , this is not going to convert it for you . Using this without a converter will probably damage or destroy your device .
 this thing has like 5 different plugs on it , , which made it easy to use anywhere i went in europe . plus it kinda looks like a taser.sirpat strikes again
 NOTE
 This product worked for my iPod , Camera , and Cell Phone as I practically used every plug possible ! It rocked . The only complaint I have is with the continental European plug . Because of the ground prong on the outlet the adapter is forced to be longer , and therefore not as stout as the other plugs.I would recommend this , but it has a potential to break in the future .
 Simple . Elegant . Just brilliant . You can basically plug in any plug from any of the continents and then use this on any power socket .
 It came in before my parents trip to Italia and my dad loved it ! it worked wonders ! Great item , fast and easy transaction !
 The Kensington All-in-One adapter took me through 3 different countries with 3 different electrical plug configurations with no hassles . Because each plug extends out for use and then retracts for storage , the device takes up very little space . Very handy !
 This is a truly great product -- everyone in our company carries one when traveling overseas .
 It 's working quite well . Unfortunately , as it says on the package it ` snot a power converter .
 I recently purchased the adapter for my trip to Europe . The first time I used it , I used it on my blow dryer . It worked for about five seconds until my blow dryer made really weird noises . I was too afraid to plug in my flat iron because I did n't want to fry it like my blow dryer . There are very little directions or instructions on the package to warn you against using the adapter with items such as blow dryers . When I came back to the U.S. and tried my blow dryer , it did n't work anymore . But I did use the adapter to plug in my video camera to charge , and it worked just fine . I also charged my PSP Player . It worked great . The only other complaint is that the adapter is pretty loose on the outlet . I was n't sure if it was going to stay put while it charged . But overall , I would recommand this item as long as you do n't use it for a blow dryer .
 Very compact , very easy to use , great for travel abroad .
 Product works fine and seems durable . I do n't think they could make the product any smaller and still manage all of the various outlet types . They may have been able to better offset the European prongs so the whole device slides into the circular recepticals .
 I purchased the Kensington All in One Travel Plug Adapter because I was tired of looking around for the various different plugs overseas travel requires . The Kensington eliminates the need to have multiple adapters because they are all right there -- so you can start in England and move to Turkey with not problem .
 Gave this to my niece for her first trip abroad . She loved it . Do n't get a big kit , get this one item .
 If you travel overseas you will definitively love this adapter . Unlike other travel adapters that have several pieces that you need to carry around , this has all the plug connectors integrated into one compact self contained cylindrical unit in which you select the type of plug used in the country you are visiting . Absolutely the most practical unit I have used . It is also safe to use since it has a built-in fuse.This may seems obvious but you need to know that this device does not convert the voltage so do n't plug your electronic devices unless its power units states that the Input voltage ranges from 110 to 240 VAC @ 50-60 Hz -LRB- probably the most common around Europe , Asia and America -RRB- . Absolutely a most have if you travel with your laptop , digital camera , cell phone and other suitable devices .
 I 've used this adaptor to run my laptop in China , France , Italy , England , and Ireland . Although it 's made of plastic and feels a little fragile , it 's really quite hardy and it 's worked like a charm in every location . I 've purchased several as gifts and always been treated as a hero afterwards.One popular -LRB- and funny -RRB- one-star review on here claims that the adaptor does n't work with grounded plugs . That 's 100 % wrong . It works with them in a hotel , it works with them in a motel . It worked with them in France , and when I used it to iron my pants . -LRB- Well to plug in my iron , anyway . -RRB- I 've never used it on a boat , but it helped my computer write a note.Okay so I 'm not as funny as he is . But this thing really works .
 used 2 of these while we were on vacation in egypt for 3 weeks . Never had a problem and they were flawless . To the gent that noted they fell out of the socket on him and they were to big ... I can only say if you do n't push them all the way in they and any other device you use will fall out ... and there big because they can be used in th EU , Japan , Africa , US , ect ... if you wish to spend the money on an all inclusive solution and travel to various parts of the world ... then this is a good choice rather than having a hodge podge of adaptors lying about .
 Read the fine print on this -- this product does not convert or reduce electrical voltage -- essentially what this does is provide a physical way for -LRB- insert your country 's -RRB- plug to fit into -LRB- insert destination country 's -RRB- plug . So if the country you are visiting runs on , say , 220 , make sure that the device you want to plug into it can handle the 220 volts so that it does n't blow up -- and that information will -LRB- typically -RRB- be handily located on the device itself -LRB- i.e. , look at the small print on your phone charger , and see if it says 100-240V 50-60Hz -RRB-
 I understand that some people had some difficulty getting this plug adapter to work with 3-prong plugs . I did , too . However , to say that it does n't work with 3-pronged plugs is absolutely false.There is a hole in the back of the unit where the grounding prong goes when you plug in a North American plug into the unit . It 's a very tight fit . So tight , in fact , that the back cover of the unit came off when I was trying to remove the test plug I put in there . But once the back cover came off , I noticed that it was nothing more than a hole . This plug adapter does not ground the item you plug into it . So it does n't electrically connect to the grounding plug.Therefore , I used my brain just a tiny bit and expanded the size of the hole for the grounding plug , first with a pocket knife , and then with a drill bit . Presto , 3-pronged happiness.The most important things to take away from this are :1 . This unit does not ground the device you 're plugging into it .2 . A little bit of brain power goes a long way.Now , back to the plug adapter . It 's not grounded , but it is fuse-protected . And the fuse is very easy to get to -LRB- on the front side is a small screw cover that opens to reveal the fuse -RRB- , plus it stores a spare fuse in the back , behind that little cover that I accidentally pulled off when my 3-prong plug got stuck . It comes with one spare fuse.Other than the issue with the grounding prong hole , the unit is very well designed . As you slide each adapter forward , small dust covers appear and close the slots for the other adapters -LRB- very well thought out -RRB- . Compact , easy to use , and well designed with the exception of the grounding plug hole .
 Several people have said that this adapter does not work in China . I just got back home from a two-week trip encompassing Beijing , Shanghai , and Hong Kong and this adapter worked in every single place.It is true that some outlets -LRB- the ones with diagonal sockets -RRB- have a sort of `` trap door '' which makes it difficult to plug the adapter in , but I found that it 's easy to work around that . What you need to do is angle the diagonal prongs downward as you insert them into the socket , and gently tap at it until the trap door pops open and allows the plugs in . It does take 5-10 seconds of jiggling around to make the door pop open , but the adapter _ IS _ 100 % functional and works totally fine once you get it into the socket .
 I reckon this is a great product . All the power inserts you 'll ever need , in one neat lightweight unit - and it has USB . No world traveller should be without one .
 I used this adapter on my first backpack trip around the world . Worked flawlessly in Europe , Egypt , Thailand , and Australia . Its lightweight and small.I highly recommend this product.One note
 I have several of these adaptors and I always carry two of them when I travel , I have yet to find a country where they would n't work
 I purchased this for use on a recent trip to China . It was easy , inexpensive and worked fine with my computer that I intended to use it for .
 I have been using this style of plug adapter for years , and find them to work perfectly wherever I am at . To the reviewer who claims your grounded plugs will not work in this device , I can only tell you that I have not had any issue with my grounded plugs fitting into this device . The ground plug fits into the slot on the bottom . I have at least three of these in my computer bag , and use them all over the world without any issue whatever .
 I travel internationally a lot and this thing has come in handy . It converts almost any format to any other format . The only drawback is the somewhat bulky size .
 This adapter works as advertised . It 's convenient to have all of the different formats in one unit . Each one slides in and out effortlessly , and it seems to be well built.My only gripe
 I do n't get some of the reviews that say it wo n't work with 3 prongs . I have used it with my 3 prong laptop plug / charger with NO problems in Asia and Europe . I think some people are n't using this thing right . Great product getting a bad rap by some that obviously are n't putting this thing in the wall right .
 I just got back from China visiting Beijing , Xian , Shanghai , Hangzhou , Suzhou , Wuxi , Hong Kong , and other places I forgot . I did not encounter any major problems when using this adapter . Most places in China uses an outlet that includes a V shape and/or 2 prong rounded . However , the 2 prong rounded outlet has a 2-in-1 and is able to fit the 2 straight plugs that DO NOT have the holes -LRB- the standard for U.S plugs has the holes , so do not plug the U.S. plugs in the China outlet or else sparks will fly -RRB- . Of all the hotels I 've been in , I could not use the V shape one except for one hotel in Xian . It seems the Kensington 's adapter 's V shape is slightly larger than the standard China plugs which is why it did n't fit . Pretty much all of the outlets -LRB- with the 2 prong rounded outlet -RRB- were able to fit the 2 prong rounded adapter . The minor problems with using the 2 prong rounded plug was that it felt a little loose especially for some electronics that uses a large base for a plug , like the Apple Macbook and if you have to connect a transformer to it . But these problems were only minor and I did not miss a charge at all over my 3 week stay in China . Hong Kong uses a differently plug which uses 3 large rectangular prongs . The adapter has that included as well and worked without problems.This adapter saves you the trouble of carrying so many pieces . I bought two of these for my trip to China and my sister was amazed at how convenient it was to use and carry so I gave one to her . I would highly recommend it for anyone traveling to China . But if you want to use the V outlet or the U.S 3 prong w/ground instead , I suggest buying another adapter for that .
 Worked great in Italy and Russia . Used it to charge iPod , Pocket PC , Shaver , electric toothbursh and and used it with my battery charger .
 I bought the device for a trip I was taking to China . Read the reviews prior to buying . People did n't like it because it did n't have three pronged adapter for a computer plug . One person drilled hole bigger so the ground prong would fit in hole . I just used a three prong to two prong adapter and everything worked fine with my computer . All other devices such as camera and video camcorder have two prongs . Very much pleased , for about $ 16 delivered , my electrical problems in China were solved .
 We bought this as a replacement for a crappy TargusTargus PA033U Universal Power Travel Adapterthat Amazon happily no longer stocks.It is great , quite robust and very versatile . The rounded fully retractible form is a great plus since it does n't snag or catch on loose cords , too.Yes , there is a problem with three-pronged plugs , but frankly , it was nothing a screwdriver could n't fix ... there was even an indentation to guide you , I am a bit at a loss as to why they could n't have done this in the shop but oh well , only took a minute.Highly recommended , albeit BYO screwdriver ; -RRB-
 Very functional and easy to use . The fact that it can be used for multiple different types of outlet is very helpful
 Has worked for me in Asia and Latin America . Small size that is easy to pack . Easy to use . Happy with it .
 I purchased this for a trip to Switzerland and it worked fine.I will caution you that it does accepted a plug with a ground , but it does not provide a ground to any of the adapter plugs it contains ... not sure why they designed it that way .
 I took this to Europe this summer and I pleased that it was easy to use , safe , and took up little room in the suitcase . I would recommend this convenient adapter for all travelers .
 I was able to run my laptop in Australia with no problem , thanks to this item . It 's very convenient that this one adaptor works all over the world . Highly recommend it .
 Lent mine to friend , who left them behind , and immediately replaced with these . they are well-built , so I can throw them in bag with gadgets and they travel well . Have had others that don ; t open/extend correctly , and these work great .
 This product was very helpful on my recent trip to Australia . I used it the whole time I was there and was integral to the use of my electronic appliances down there . I would recommend this to anyone who is travelling overseas . It also works in Europe and the UK .
 This power adapter works really well and it covers just about the whole world . I bought it for a trip to England and it was perfect.One thing to remember , this is an adapter , not a converter . I used it with my Macbook and Lenovo chargers , because those charger are rated to handle foreign power standards .
 I had to take a business trip to China for a couple weeks and have a lot of electronics that I was going to use while I was there . Since I travel other places as well , I also wanted a adapter that I could also use in other countries . This adapter was a great purchase for my use.Good - * Has all the adapters in one unit . You do n't have to carry around a bunch of different plastic adapters . * The function of sliding each plug out and retracting it works really well . * Small and compactBad - * The hole where you plug the ground prong into the unit is too small . This makes it very difficult to plug in and remove plugs with a grounding prong.As another reviewer mentioned , you can modify the adapter with a drill bit , knife , or something similar . If you just remove a little bit of the plastic on the sides of the slot it will work perfect . Just be careful to not go to deep when trimming the plastic . If you only use items with 2 prongs -LRB- no ground prong -RRB- , then you have nothing to worry about . After this small and simple mod , it works perfect !
 Another reviewer had said not to purchase this item because it 's heavy and falls out of the wall socket . I 'm glad that I ignored that review and decided to purchase this item anyway . It is GREAT ! It has all of the international plug converters in one unit and it 's not really THAT heavy . I have had no problems with it falling out of sockets . This product is really convenient and I highly recommend it !
 The service provided was great ! We ordered the items and received them the second day !
 I wish that I had noticed the narrative above that said `` The Kensington 33117 does not reduce or convert electrical voltage , is suitable for most consumer electronics ranging from 110-volts to Mac 275-watts , to 220-volts to Mac 550-watts '' . Sure , the adapter can handle extra watts , but I do n't want my computer to get an overdose of wattage .
 Another reviewer indicated this adapter did n't work with a 3 = prong plug . Not true . I 'm writing this on a netbook with a such a plug plugged into the adpater , and the adapter plugged into a 220 volt outlet in a south Asian country.Works great . Different plug types slide out for use -LRB- depending on your location -RRB- and lock in place when stored.Took the place of a case full of adapters for different countries.Select with confidence ,
 Got 2 to take on a business trip to Ireland . I used one for my laptop and one for my cell phone charger . Both worked flawlessly ! No problems with overheating or shorting out . I just wish it had more than one outlet , the price is a bit steep for just one , so if you have a lot of electronic devices , you may want to check with the front desk at the hotel you 're staying at to see if they have any adapters to lend .
 This adapter is really useful . especially when travelling because it has every adapter that I needed when I travelled ... It 's a bit big , but it gets the job done
 I 've used this in Europe and Asia , and it worked everywhere I went . Ingenious , and replaces those converters with several parts that you have to keep in a bag and mix-and-match .
 This multi-plug adapter works great . It is an awesome help and security on every journey around the world . I constantly have it with me becacause it is small and fits in every bag .
 I used this for my trip to China and it worked fine for both plug types in use over there . It is very convenient to have an all in one power adapter without worrying about losing seperate power adapter pieces . Remember , this does n't convert voltage . Check your devices to see if they 'll handle 110-240V . If they do , this will work fine . It worked with my cell phone charger , laptop , camera battery chargers , and shaver.I have two issues with this item though :1 -RRB- If you have a 3 pronged US plug , it will be a very tight fit . You 're basically have to jam the round ground plug into a rectangle . After struggling to jam the plug in , you 'll feel like you 're nearly breaking the unit when you pull the plug out . It honestly might be easier getting a 3 to 2 prong adapter for a dollar or two at your local store .2 -RRB- The instruction manual that came with my adapter was for a different Kensington model that had an included USB port .
 Buy this and the Belkin Mini Surge 3OUT Wall Mount 75K 918J with USB Charger and then remove the grounding plug from the Belkin and you have a combination which will provide two USB ports and three AC outlets from most electrical plugs in the world - providing you are using the AC plugs to power multi voltage units .
 I bought two of these so that I could could use electronics purchased from USA without any hassle -LRB- eg . Laptop / Camcorder / Camera chargers -RRB- without any hassle.One of the biggest pros : If you have noticed , sometimes plugs go into sockets in only one way , that 's because one of the pins has slightly rounded edges . These plugs dont work with most adapters that you might find in India . The Kensington adapter came very useful in such a situation.Input Voltage Range
 This is one of the most convenient plug adapters I have ever used . I have used it throughout Europe and Africa . It is great that everything is self-contained in one handy unit.Keep in mind that this does not convert voltages so you have to be plugging in something that can use the voltage supplied . For instance most laptop power supplies can handle 110 volt as well as 220 volt . Check the label before traveling.A couple of cautions . This adapter is fused and is limited as to how much wattage can be drawn . Good for safety , but do n't use a travel iron with it or try to power multiple devices . You 'll blow the fuse which I learned the hard way . Also , it is a bit bulky and may not fit in tight spaces . A few times I had to hunt for an outlet that was less restricted.Overall a good product for supplying low-power devices .
 I purchased this for a trip to Israel in March of 2010 , and am going to be use it again as I return next week . I LOVE this adapter . It is easy to use as there are no interchangeable parts , so there is nothing to lose or leave behind ! I have recommended this to every one of my friends who has done overseas traveling , and they have either borrowed mine or bought their own and love it . I have not seen a system that is easier to use . My only complaint is that occasionally it will feel like the plug does n't sit snugly in the wall , but I have never had a problem with it falling out or not charging because of it . I have sucessfully used this with my 3-prong laptop charger , as my boyfriend has with his , with no problems at all .
 I travel internationally to somewhere between 15 to 20 countries per year . I love this adapter . It is compact and rugged . It has worked in every country that I have visited . It is easy to use the levers to move from one configuration of the adapter to another . My favorite feature is that this adapter is one piece . It is also light enough that it does not pull out of outlets . I was even pleased with the price . The ONLY negative is that occasionally the levers will stick and I will have to pull a lever in and then out to get it to change configurations . This is a very minor issue , but I thought I should mention it . I will buy this product again if my current one ever breaks .
 I find myself in complete agreement with Mr. De Sousa , the Kensington 33117 International All-in-One Travel Plug Adapter is a great device.I have been traveling through the Middle East for last few months and this is the second most used device in my backpack , after my Kindle : -RRB- Again to reiterate Mr. De Souse 's point `` This may seems obvious but you need to know that this device does not convert the voltage so do n't plug your electronic devices unless its power units states that the Input voltage ranges from 110 to 240 VAC @ 50-60 Hz `` You can not plug things with heating elements in to this device ! Ladies -LRB- a few GQ men -RRB- , like hair dryer , curling irons , heaters , etc. . . Also American 's if the power brick your about to plug in does n't say 240 VAC STOP ! or you will create much smoke and stink when you plug it in ...
 Just got done using this for a week in the UK and it worked brilliantly . I do n't know what all this talk is about it not working on a grounded plug ... it DOES . I used it for both a 2-prong plug -LRB- hair straightener -RRB- and a 3-prong grounded plug -LRB- laptop -RRB- and had problems with neither .
 I bought this to use with my laptop on an overseas trip , and it worked great . No problems .
 I recently was shipped an external hard drive from the UK . But the power adapter did not include US-style plugs -LRB- type A -RRB- . And I live in the US . This handy travel plug adapter plugs into any of 4 different plug styles , and most important for me , it accepts all of them as well ! So I can plug this into US-style plugs and plug UK appliances into it and vice-versa . The travel plug adapter does not alter the properties of the power signal , so I expect the appliance 's adapter has to be nimble enough to accept either 110 or 220 , but in this case my external hard drive did just fine .
 Traveling thoughout the U.K. , this little do-dad made it easy for me to plug in my laptop ANYwhere we went .
 I brought it so far to Germany -LRB- Type C/F -RRB- Turkey -LRB- Type C/F -RRB- , and Australia -LRB- Type-I -RRB- . Used with Type-A -LRB- laptop adapter without the earthing prong -RRB- Worked without a problem . Just two -LRB- possibly unfair -RRB- complaints . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is a bit too large -LRB- maybe not a problem for Americans -RRB- . If it were made in Japan or Korea , it would be at least 100 times smaller . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It was not firmly stuck . Especially , if there is a switch near the plug , because the size is too large , the adapter conflicts with the switch and the switch prevents the adapter to be firmly stuck . But at least it worked so I do not complain . I would buy another one if it were smaller , but not .
 I purchased this two years ago and have taken it to Europe twice and to India once . I needed it for my iPod and digital camera , and ended up competing with a family member for access to it ! I came back to purchase another . All of the different prongs are incorporated into one case - no parts to lose . Easy to use and durable . Just perfect !
 The product works well and is very convenient . You will want to get an adapter plug if you have a ground -LRB- 3 prong -RRB- plug on your electronics . I actually did n't have to use it much , since most of my electronics were capable of 100-240V . Most international hotels have a plug for the standard US 2 prong plugs so I did n't always need the adapter .
 its small , convenient , and it works ! Keep in mind its only an adapter , not a converter
 I spent three months in the UK , France , and Hungary and used this constantly to power my laptop and occasionally other items I had brought from the US . It worked great and was extremely convenient . You do n't have to worry about using the various plugs that other adapters have as separate pieces . It 's all contained and a reasonable size . Highly recommended .
 It worked well for me with 3 different types of electrical outlet . It 's well-built .
 NO PARTS ! HOORAY !!! converts all configurations IN and OUT . Go anywhere and use their outlets . The outlet can be any configuration AND the device can be any configuration . It 's also very small for packing .
 Great product , convenient in many different countries . One note is to make sure you carry an extra fuse in the event you should blow one . Very easy to use and change them , though .
 Adapter used in Brussels for computer and cell phone power . The adapter worked as stated and as confirmed in many other reviews . I bought this adapter because of its positive review history .
 This is worth the money . Very practical and it worked better than other adapters I have tried unsuccessfully before .
 Had no problems while traveling through Europe . If you are traveling to countries that use the same plug though , you are better off picking up a cheap adapter from Radio Shack .
 This is the perfect travel adapter . It converts any style of plug into any other style of plug . Yes the ground pin on a US style plug is a little snug , but it works fine .
 Good adapter for travel , i travel a lot , and i always have problems with the outlet to charge my phone or laptop , this adapter it looks good , easy to carry and works great
 All in one . . You do n't need more than this adapter to use it in any place in the world . . It 's flexible . . Durable & has a fuse which can prevent the adapter from excess amount of current .
 I bought this for a trip to Switzerland and Germany . My nephew charged his ipod and I charged my Blackberry every night with this in youth hostels and hotels . Great little gadget and great price . If your charger is labeled 110 - 220 V then this is all you need . No converter necessary . Will buy a second one if I travel with someone again so we each have our own .
 Great adapter - I used in UK and Germany with no issues . Works in either direction - any 110/220 plug to any 110/220 plug . Obviously your unit must be able to accept the resulting voltage . Most power bricks -LRB- transformers -RRB- do but check to be sure.One exception , if your US 110v has 3 prong -LRB- with ground -RRB- it will not work directly in this adapter . Needs to be just 2 flat parallel blades .
 I travel frequently and often need to carry multiple plug coverters . This is bigger than any one but covers them all .
 This adapter worked well in all areas of travel throughout the UK . However , as mentioned in other reviews , when plugging a 3-pin US plug into the back of the adapter , the round grounding pin of the US plug does n't fit into the rectangular hole of the adapter . Having read several reviews which confirmed that this problem could be circumvented with some effort , I purchased the product . It required significant effort to plug in/unplug my US plug the first time used ; with subsequent uses the plastic cover adopted a rounder shape , although it remains a struggle.I hope that the manufacturer 's address what appears to be a design flaw .
 This worked great ! I bought several adapters for a recent overseas trip and this one worked flawlessly . The adapter is small and light weight which is why I ultimately took it with me .
 this was a good purchase and it worked well for my won while in Africa . It supported his computer and other items with no problem . good price
 I bought this travel adapter to take with me on my next overseas trip this year . I have n't had a chance to use it overseas yet , but the product does appear to be quality and I do n't forsee any issues when I travel abroad with it , and I really enjoy the compact features .
 You can use this in several countries and foreign visitors who visit US can use it in US . It is not a transformer but works well if your computer or cell phone shows between 110watts and 240watts . One important thing is that the plug sticks out because in many foreign countries is that the plug is recessed into the wall about 3/4 of a inch .
 We bought this as a gift a year ago , and recipient was very pleased with its quality . Has been on several international trips - where there is not much luggage being taken - it has held up well , and does n't weigh down a pack .
 I took this with me while traveling to Greece and Turkey last summer . I purchased it because it was a solution for travel to scores of countries ; no having to worry about which adapter I might have forgotten to bring along . I used it in both countries , and look forward to using it for future international travel as well .
 I took this on a trip I had this summer to Lima , Peru . It provided a number of options that I was able to use in the places I stayed . Keep cell phone , IPAD and laptop charged , whereever I found myself .
 I originally purchased one of those kits with all the different pieces and promptly returned it in favor of this . It is nice to have one piece to throw in my bag and not worry that I forgot one of the adapters.The only downside was that this adapter did not have a ground . It is difficult to find if these products are grounded and the reviews seemed to be mixed . Perhaps the product was &#34; updated &#34; or there are multiple versions out there .
 needed a economical , multi functional travel plug.lighter weight , great concept , but eurpoean plug need a little more length.compact .
 Was n't sure what i would need for a trip from the US to Peru . Read a review on this travel adapter . it worked out wonderfully . no problems for lower wattage items -LRB- computers , ipods , etc. -RRB- . not for use with higher wattage items such as hair dryers and such . very easy to use . does not convert voltage , so make sure your appliance can take the higher voltage -LRB- it usually is written right on the appliance , something like 110/220 V -RRB- . Small and light for travel . perfect .
 Just returned from a trip to Ireland and this adapter worked great everywhere we went for using our portable DVD player , camera battery charger , etc. .
 Based on some of the reviews , I 'm concluding a lot of people have n't been to many countries where the voltage is 220-240 . Yes , this is a plug adapter ONLY , it is NOT a voltage converter -LRB- Kensington says so right on their website
 I travel for the US government and to say that I am a road warrior is putting it mildly . I have used this adapter in many countries on every continent and it is an extremely RARE occurrence when it wo n't fit into an outlet . I have also noticed many reviews claiming that this adapter can not be used with a three-prong grounded plug . Funny , since I am typing this review on my laptop that uses three prongs and is plugged into this Kensington adapter . Maybe those that complain should look closer . This road warrior recommends this product most highly . It is one of the best purchases I have ever made !
 I am in the Military and it takes me to countries all over the world ... This thing has worked EVERYWERE !!!! To the person who could not get a 3 prong item to work ... Were you putting it in the right end ?? I submit you look at the photo of the end you plug your device into ... I see the slot for the 3rd prong . No it will not carry over that 3rd prong -LRB- ground lead -RRB- as most other countries do not use a ground lead . They just have 2 prong devices . . The Mid east does have a 3 prong receptical , but the 3rd prong is just used as a saftey to `` open '' the covers on the other prongs -LRB- select outlets -RRB- and otherwise orient the plug properly ... So in a nutshell THIS IS AN ADAPTOR -LRB- from one plug type to another -RRB- NOT A VOLTAGE CONVERTER ... So if you using a 110/240 rated item . . Use one of these and no need to worry . . If you using something that is not 240 rated . . Look elsewere . . I love this item and would highly reccomend it . .
 The plug that you see in all the advertisements is the one you use in Finland . At first I was n't sure , since the plug in the wall is a round hole , but there are guides that the corners fit into . So it just works and holds heavy items like an iPod charger without sagging .
 This adapter works great for me plugging my notebook and other items in Ireland and the UK.I 've bought several travel adapters , but always loose the little pieces in about 45 seconds ... So the all-in-one feature -LRB- 1 piece , no additional pieces -RRB- works absolutely perfectly for me and I 'll never consider anything else.I 've read a few people mention something about it not working because of the third prong . I 'm not 100 % sure what they 're talking about , but the device DOES have a hole for a third -LRB- ground -RRB- prong for U.S. devices . and probably non-US devices -LRB- I only tried US devices . -RRB- You CAN plug in a device with a third prong , and you can plug this device into outlets requiring a third prong as well.However , it is a no-connect meaning the third prong does n't really do anything except allow the plug to physically fit into the device or the adapter into the wall . I suppose this is not ideal -LRB- a connected third prong would have been better -RRB- however in actual fact everything I tried on it worked perfectly . I 've tried 3 notebooks -LRB- an older HP notebook , A brand new HP notebook , and a new MacBook -RRB- as well as a variety of chargers and routers and they all work , at least in Ireland and the U.K. Perhaps there are some devices that do n't work with a nonconnected third prong but I have n't found any yet.I do n't want to flame other reviewers -LRB- perhaps they have found combinations that do not work for some reason -RRB- , but rather am just relaying my experience , which is that everything I have tried works everywhere I tried it , and I 'm even a gadget guy!I am now ordering the white travel adapter -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- which seems to have the same basic features as this one but is 1/2 the price ... I 'll let everyone know how it compares to this one !
 I used this product in Spain for my cell phone charger and it works exactly as described in the manual .
 I 'm currently deployed to Iraq and have been using the Kensington Adaptor for the past eight months as I travel around the country . There is little to no standardization between the power outlets . As a result , this adapator has been a life saver ensuring that I can always connect to the wall power outlets .
 This device worked flawlessly for my uses - charging my phone , iPad , and Kindle . I plan on travelling internationally a bunch , and I have faith that it 'll keep on being my faithful companion .
 The device worked flawlessly . I could not have chosen better . The simple levers allowed me to chose the correct plug type and the size of the device allow me to plugin almost anywhere I needed to do so . Recommend highly !
 I bought two Kensington 33117 International All-in-One Travel Plug Adapters for an overland trip in Turkey and Greece . They worked perfectly . Took along a power converter , but did not use it once . Most electronics today can run on both 110-120 and 220-240 volts . What is needed is a plug adapter for the various types of receptacles you might encounter . The type of receptacle , of course , varies with the part of the world in which you are traveling . In Turkey and Greece the receptacles are recessed , requiring two-prong rounded pole male plugs . The Kensington 33117 does the job perfectly . I highly recommend this device for plugging in your electronics worldwide .
 First time buyer of an international power convertor . I visited Amman Jordan in early spring of 2011 , where they use multiple types of sockets and this little guy worked well for all of them . Not sure if there is a better unit out there , but this one seemed to do the trick !
 I traveled to Germany with this adapter and it worked great . I had no problems using it to charge my cell phone .
 My wife and I just got back from a trip to Europe where we toured 8 different countries . We used this plug adapter the whole way through for our iPhone and camera chargers . I did n't experience any issues with it throughout , using it in England , Belgium , Holland , Germany , Austria , Italy , Switzerland , and France . It worked great at every hotel we stayed . The size is great , it 's lightweight and easy to use . I did however pack a power converter , a separate product to use with my wife 's hairdryer as this plug adapter is n't designed for that use . It does work great for the phone and camera battery chargers though and for the price it was great .
 Works as advertised , only need one travel adapter now , across US UK EU ! -LRB- havent traveled elsewhere yet -RRB- . Much better than carrying around multiple converters
 A quick and easy to use travel charger . I took it to Beijing , China to charge my iPhone and it worked great ! I 'll be keeping this in my travel bag .
 You just have to press a little firmer but it surprisingly slips in pretty easily and you do n't feel like you are forcing the prongs in by any means . And it works of course . I think the reason why people are concerned that it does NOT work with 3-pronged plugs is because the hole for the grounding prong is not circular but rectangular so it does create the illusion that it should n't fit . But it does work .
 This adapter worked great . It was nice having an adapter for several formats in one device . Fits multiple formats in , multiple formats out . Compact size allows it to fit into a shoe when packing . One improvement would be to have a listing of countries next to each sliding switch , but I guess you figure that out when you try to insert the plug into a receptacle . That 's the only point keeping it from being 5 stars .
 The travel plug worked well while in Austria , Germany and Hungry with a slight modification . The slot for the ground pin which is on most computer plugs is a rectangle slot on the adapter . On the plug it is round you could insert it no problem but you could not unplug your computer afterwards . Removed the end cap where the fuses are kept used a drill bit to change the upper portiion of the slot to a round whole , and it works great . Modified 2 adapters this way still a great purchase !!!!
 Travelled to two different continents with no problem . Came packaged well and everything , just find that it sometimes is too heavy and will fall out a wall outlet very high up .
 I have traveled to all continents save Antartica and used and abused many a travel adapter . This design is easily one of the most functional and reliable as it provides a way to change any power jack configuration to any of the various wall socket types . You can never go wrong if you have one of these among your travel accessories . The one thing that prevents this from be a 5 on a scale of five is that it can prove to be a bit fragile if your bags get thrown around too much . Pad accordingly.Happy travels !
 With a tip of the hat to Mark RosenthalI could not find the Belkin adaptorNo matter how hard I looked forIt in the products up aboveSome of which I know I 'd loveInstead I used a drill bitTo modify and convert itNow it fits my prongs of threeSure I ca n't return it but I ca n't foreseeThat it should trouble me over seas
 It is very convenient for my husband because he travel very often . This brand has different kind of adapter that he likes .
 So this item is an adapter , not a voltage converter . Make sure your device supports 220v before using it in Europe . All devices are required to have that label on them somewhere . It will say something like 110v ~ 220v or similar if both voltages are supported . Most battery chargers and that kind of thing will work for both , so all you need is this adapter.This adapter worked great . It 's compact and very functional . I used it so I could charge my camera batteries while I was in Italy . I had no problems . I even lent it to my friend whose adapter was not working .
 I went to Haifa , Israel with this device , and while I was concern that it would fall out of the socket , the plug did fine in all the sockets that I plugged it into .
 I really like the all in one feature of the product . It allows me to grab and go when I have international trips . When I have layovers in countries other than my destination it helps to have all the plug options ready to go without having to plan for which countries I am passing through .
 I love this guy - all in one plug support with a nice industrial design . Have n't been anywhere yet that I have n't been able to use one of the variations to plug in.It 's obviuosly a bit bulkier than a simple adapter for a single plug style .
 I have several travel adapters , but this is by far the best . Everything is in one unit , no pieces to loose . My parents were visiting from Europe and liked it so much that they bought one too .
 I purchased this adapter to travel in Southeast Asia . I had no trouble in Singapore or Indonesia . However , in a few other places the outlets had a round recessed part and this adapter is slightly out of round which prevented its use on several occasions . It did work in more situations than adapters that several of my traveling companions had.Make sure you understand that this is an adapter and not a power converter !
 I like the all-in-one feature of this device . No searching the bag for the right adapter , just slide the one you need out and you are good to go.This really came in handy for me on a recent trip to Amsterdam . The only part that was a bummer , was that it did n't support the 3 prong plug from the US . I had the monster travel power strip with me and could n't use it with this adapter .
 The adapter is a nice device for the world traveler at a good price ... Used it in europe to charge my cellphone and power the laptop and it worked great ... even though it looks bulky , it does n't affect the plugs staying secure in the socket .
 I 've traveled to Europe a lot over the past few years , and it took me awhile to get the multiple-different outlets figured out . This is an incredible travel tool -- it plugs into pretty much every outlet type throughout eastern Europe . My laptop power supply works great with it , as do most -LRB- check for 240V as a supported input on the power supply -RRB- . Keep in mind , there is no voltage conversion -- for instance , if you 're going to the UK and your equipment does n't support 240V , you 'll also need a voltage converter .
 One thing that really irritates me about this product , it 's packages in WAY too much plastic ! Think about the planet ; think about future generations , about our children . This is a great product , and I would have given it 5 stars if it was packaged better . I 'm dropping a star because of the amount of plastic used , rating this 4 stars .
 The camera has lived up to what I expected and was worth the price .
 I HAVE BEEN A SONY DIGITAL CAMERA USER FOR A LONG TIME AND HAVE STARTED WITH POINT AND SHOOT , THE SEMI PRO AND THIS IS THE TOP OF THE LINE . THE CAMERA HAVE A GREAT LENSES AND A USAGE FROMA A TOTAL AUTOMATIC TO TOTALLY MANUAL . THE CAMERA IS VERY LIGHT AND HAVE A GREAT . THE BATTERY USE LAST LONG EVENTHOUG WITH A FLASH USAGE . I HAVE TAKEN OVER 200 PICTURES AT LEAST 70 WITH FLASH AND THE BATTERY REMAINS COMPLETE . A GOOD RECOMENDATION BUT FOR PEOPLE WHO WANTS A PROFESIONAL CAMERA , NOT FOR AMATEURS .
 I have enjoyed using my camera . I have been able to get some great pictures . The stabilization feature work well .
 Great camera just in time for the hollidays . . Takes great pictures and easy to use .
 This is an excellent digital camera . It 's 10.2 mega pixel capability give beautiful sharp photos even at large sizes . It has been easy to use too .
 There was a lot of good information about the camera which told me i could take pictures of things that other camera could not.If one does not look good , delete it change some setting and take it again.Or just take a few shots and chage setting to get it set up for in invierment you are taking pictures in . .
 The camera had great promise , but , out of the box , the Steady Shot antishake system did not work . I sent it in for repair , and it was returned just 2 days ago . So , now the fun begins . First impressions are that the 18-200mm lens is not super sharp . Fixed focal length lenses are probably better , but , for traveling , only one lens needs to be carried . This is a definite plus . Time will tell .
 I am new to Photography but I have to say with out a doubt , I am so impressed with the pictures that I can take being a novice that I feel as If I could be an artist!If you have ANY KNOWLEDGE on how to work with the features of this Camera you will be BLOWN AWAY!This is a very good Camera , but do your research !
 Though I am beginning in the photography , I have could extract good probecho to the chamber -LRB- camera -RRB- , wait to relate mas to her -LRB- it -RRB- to give a final verdict . .
 I really like this camera . I had started with Nikon in the digital SLRs and then went to Minolta for the anti shake feature in the body . This feature remains in this Sony and the controls are easy to use , but powerful .
 I love my new camera , it 's so great . I really like the burst mode on it for taking the kind of pictures u had in mind . It 's just an over all great camera for starters like me .
 This camera came as it said . However , I 'd like if they 'd also include a compact flash adaptor . Just my preference . : /
 Excellent camera . Vivid colors and terrific clarity . High performance in a compact , easy to handle body.It is a serious upgrade for anyone who is interested in moving on from small , compact , point and shoot cameras .
 This is a great camera easy to understand the futures and controls.Also it takes great color pictures , with this is very easy to learn how to use a professional camera
 I received my camera and have been using it for a few months now . I am by no way a professional photographer , however I do enjoy taking pictures as a hobby . This camera is so easy , so simple , so wonderful to use I wish I would have bought it before I purchased my other big camera . The pictures turn out remarkable with little to no editing needed . When people give my photo taking skills credit , I always say it 's the camera and people that make them what they are . I just look through the view finder and push the button .
 Having been out of real photography -LRB- strictly amateur -RRB- for a few years , I was very happy to find this camera . I had gotten so used to point-and-shoot cameras , everything automatic . Now I can go back to where I was years ago , but with updated digital features . I can use it as a strictly auto camera , or use different features for creative photography . I 'm looking forward to some great shots after I refresh myself on the principles of photography . This is some camera !!!
 This camera is the greatest camera I have ever owned . It takes amazing pictures , and allows you to really understand photography . Even without a manual you can figure this camera out , it 's very easy to use . I recently took it to a hockey game and got a lot of really great shots . I would recommend this camera to anyone .
 This works great for a spare when shooting lots of pictures charge does not last as long a Sonys but is acceptable considering the price .
 I brought this Sony Alpha A100 because of the reviews that it got and I own a Minolta Maxxium 5 SLR which would enable me to reclaim the use of two very good lenses that I own . I tried the lenses on the Alpha body at local stores to see if it work and as advertised it work perfectly . Ive taken many pictures mostly in RAW and was completely satisfied with the results . The camera also had many of the same features and menu set up as my Konica Minolta A200 SLR-like digital camera , so I only needed a short time to become comfortable with the set up and controls on the Sony . I particularly like the anti shake feature in the camera as opposed to adding cost to the lenses as with Canon and Nikon camera For those who have Minolta lenses this camera is a very good way of being able to get back to the photography you were use to in your Slr but now in a DSLR .
 I purchased the Sony Alpha A00 as an upgrade from a Canon Digital Rebel -LRB- 300D -RRB- . Overall it 's a great camera , but there are a few minor features missing.Highlights : The 10MP sensor is very sharp and seems to reproduce colors very nicely , and the anti-shake mechanism works incredibly well - I 've managed to take .6 sec exposures without any camera shake in the image.The AF is about the same as I was used to on the 300D . It does the job reasonably well in bright light , but struggles in the dark . If the flash is up , it will use the AF assist light , but only sometimes.The controls are all fairly well laid out , and the function dial is a good way to easily get to commonly used functions.The screen is bright and I have had no trouble seeing all the information even in bright daylight.Both the battery and memory card covers seem very well built and much more sturdy than the 300D . Missing Features : Unfortunately , there are a few minor features that were present on the 300D that sony has left out of the A100.There is no wireless remote available.The automatic bracketing only works to two-thirds of a stop -LRB- as opposed to 2 stops for the 300D -RRB- which is probably a bigger problem for me than for most people , since I frequently shoot HDR images.The Sony alpha cameras use Minolta AF lenses which , though somewhat rarer than Canon lenses , seem to be significantly less expensive for similar quality.All in all , I 'd say the Sony A100 is a solid contender in the 3rd generation of consumer-level DSLR cameras . With only the 300D to compare it to , I would say the A100 has exceeded almost all of my expectations , though a few minor issues would need to be corrected for a full 5-star rating .
 I own a Minolta SLR camera and all of the equipment that goes with it . I wanted to be able to find a camera that would be compatable to my SLR but in digital of course . Minolta no longer exists due to it being purchase by Sony . Through Amazon I was able to find just the body of the camera at a very reasonable cost . This was such a great deal for a more than wonderful and awesome camera . Best of all I did n't have to start all the way from the beginning with buying all new equipment . The Sony digital camera is the best thing that I have ever bought so far . Thanks so much
 Sony Alpha A100 10.2 MP Digital SLR Camera -LRB- Body Only -RRB- WOW ... I 've just moved up from a Sony DSC T100 to the DSLR A100 . I loved my little Sony for it 's portability and photo quality , but the photos from the DSLR blow me away . I have purchased the Gary Friedman manual to learn how to maximize it 's potential -LRB- he writes a sensible manual that non-technical people can easily understand -RRB- . I paint portraits and needed the quick burst and instant response to photograph very fast toddlers . I LOVE the camera and Amazon had a fair price and as always excellent delivery . If you have children , you really owe it to yourself to purchase a good camera and this is a good one .
 Does what it purports to do . Have not checked out the noise factor , because I shoot only at ISO 100 .
 I really got to use the camera yesterday and loved the feel . The photos on the CF card were great . The next issue to resolve is software that is compatible with Vista ! Sony has not developed a Vista compatible program for downloads and for some reason I can not see the photos when using the CF drive on our computer . I know there will be a `` workaround '' but wished that Sony would have been prepared.As other reviewers have stated , there are so many features ! It will take a while to sort thru them all .
 I LOVE THIS CAMERA !!! THE PICTURES ARE GREAT , EVEN IN LOW LIGHT.BUY THIS CAMERA YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED ...
 We purchased the camera just before leaving for a long vacation . Really wanted the 18-200 lens so I would only need to carry one lens . Shot just over 4,000 frames in a variety of light conditions with various amounts of zoom . Used both CF and Memory Stick Pro media for capture . Both worked very well . Camera and lens did exactly what I wanted.The downside is that the combination is a little heavy and it takes some practice in low light , non flash environments -LSB- museums and evening lights -RSB- to hold the camera steady . My wife finds the combination too heavy and prefers her little digital point and shot for most things . After having used an old Sony Mavica , not having a long shutter delay is an absolute delight . Was able to take 26 images in about 90 seconds of our granddaughter practicing for her ballet class . Images were very clear and froze the movement of her hair and tutu .
 I bought this camera as a replacement for my old digital Canon Rebel XT , in large part because I wanted in-camera image stabilization . I am , on the whole , very pleased with the exchange ! The image stabilization really does work - enough said . My complaints are those expressed by others , very loud , slow -LRB- sometimes impossible -RRB- to auto focus , and a bit noisy at ISO 400 . I knew about these problems before I bought the camera , and though the auto-focus problem is a bit more problematic that I had anticipated , I still like the camera . Nonetheless , for those who do n't want/need the in-camera image stabilization , an equivalent Canon might be your better choice .
 After 2 months of use I can find nothing wrong with this camera.I have found the color and the detail of my pictures from this camera matches exactly the picture my mind had formed when I was taking it . As I said in the heading I LOVE IT !
 About the Sony A100k We 'll make this short and sweet . I took 200 pix and tried 80-1600ISO and somehow I have missed the noise everyone is talking about.I got my camera about 1st of Aug 06 . Works very well at 1600 in low light !!!!! With The anti shake I have took pix at 4 and 6 and they came out fine on auto . -LSB- picks ISO -RSB- Love itRonnie Lankford
 I went from Sony to Cannon and back to Sony again when this camera became available . And worried about it the whole time . BUT , I am so glad I did . Ultimately the anti shake in the camera sold me as the lenses are so much cheaper . I do not notice exceptional noise as I read some folks experiencing . Chalk me up as a very satisfied customer .
 My husband and I have an old Minolta 7000 , which we love , so we debated for awhile on whether or not to go digital . We loved the idea of the convenience of picking and choosing pictures with digital and being able to experiment with different photography ideas , but we were afraid of losing photo quality . Then , Sony came out with the A100 . We were so excited that our old Minolta lenses were compatible with it ! However , this did not erase our skepticism . We still did a lot of research and reading of reviews , before we finally decided to go for it.We have certainly not regreted purchasing this camera . We both enjoy using it . We took a beach vacation back in June of this year , and we were very anxious to see how the actual printed pictures turned out . Well , we were very impressed ! The pictures were beautifully crisp . We could n't have been happier with the results.Other than the digital convenience and picture quality , we also like that this camera has the rechargeable battery , which saves a lot on battery costs , and the battery charge lasts a long time . Also , we like that it has a built in flash . You can purchase a larger flash to mount , if you wish , which would be nice in some situations , but the built in flash is sufficient for most things . One more thing to mention is that the camera comes with some great photo software . For those photos that need just a little touch-up , the automatic correction on the software does a fantastic job . There are so many great things about this camera , it would take me forever to mention them all.You wo n't go wrong with this camera !
 This is a great camera . I 've used it with 2 older Minolta AF lenses -LRB- 50mm macro and 100-300 APO -RRB- as well as the new Zeiss 16-80 . -LRB- Have not used it with the kit lenses . -RRB- It takes very sharp photos with good lenses and is easy to use . The snap -LRB- mirror flip -RRB- is a little loud , which some people do n't like , but it does n't bother me . Many are calling this a amateur or prosumer DSLR . But it 's a professional , and you will find a lot of professionals using it .
 For anyone who had Minolta 35mm cameras with lenses , this camera lets you use those expensive lens so I only had to buy the body to get great shots .
 I love my Sony Alpha DSLR . There , I 've said it , and I feel much better now . I obsessed over DSLR statistics , read endless reviews , flipped pages comparing the `` big name DSLR 's '' -LRB- Canon , Nikon , Sony , Pentax -RRB- to no end.I drove myself batty trying to get the best `` bang for the buck '' on this major -LRB- for me -RRB- purchase . I liked the Nikon D-40x , I have several Nikon film SLRs . Using my current lenses would be nice , but using them only in manual mode did n't pop my cork.The Canon Digital Rebel 10 mp model looked great in the specs and reviews , but once I got a chance to hold the Canon Rebel , the camera 's body was just too small for me to hold comfortably . I always had the feeling that I was always about to lose my grip and drop it.The Pentax SLR was newer on the market , and I had not heard much about it , but I have an old K1000 Pentax , that is built like a truck . It has never let me down , even the time in Kenya when I dropped it in the dirt , running away from an charging elephant -LRB- long story , made short
 Nothing wrong with the shutter speeds on the A100 , wondering what the previous reviewer means . In fact the built-in stabilization gives you 2 or 3 extra handheld stops on the slow end with any Sony or Minolta AF lens.I 've had the Konica Minolta 5D , now also the 7D , and have been using a Sony A100 with the 18-55mm SAM kit lens for several months now . I previously had the 18-70mm kit lens but I find the newer 18-55 a bit sharper generally , though both were ok . Flash range generally seems fine , and yes , you have to pull the flash up to use it . Photos are generally very good through ISO 400 , and good at ISO 800 after a little noise reduction . ISO 1600 can be usable but noise is high and contrast is low . Shooting RAW can also help on the higher ISO images . This is a relatively light , fast , and compact DSLR that uses a huge backlog of generally inexpensive Minolta AF lenses . Take advantage of that , the built in image stabilization , and the now inexpensive prices on used bodies ! Also bear in mind that this camera was a little `` higher level '' -LRB- more like an A500 would be now as the successor to the 5D -RRB- than the succeeding A200 and A3oo series in that it had a depth of field preview and more manual settings . The newer Sonys have more bells and whistles perhaps -LRB- live view and more scene modes , nothing essential -RRB- , but this one had better fundamentals for its ' category in many ways . The latest CMOS sensors in the A500 series are a step up of course , but they also cost quite a bit more than a used A100 .
 Sony has finally come a full circle , by starting the digital camera , withdrawing from the initial SLR plans and now firmly back . Their first SLR is from the bones of a 20 year MAXXUM/DYNAX line from Konica Minolta . This is the initial camera in the Alpha line called the DSLR-A100 , a 10.2 megapixel , three frame per second SLR mostly based on the Konica Minolta MAXXUM 5D . This Sony is between the Canon Rebel 400xti and the Nikon D200 and it compares very favorably to the Nikon D80 although the D80 takes better photos but has no built-in anti-Shake . Overall I think the Sony is better than the new Canon EOS 400D Digital Rebel XTi . It is an amazingingly good value for your money and might suit your needs perfectly . BUT NONE HAVE BUILT IN ANTI-SHAKE . Only Pentax has the new K100D -LRB- which has anti-shake but lower 6MP resolution -RRB- . All in all the Sony A100 is a winner and would get 5 stars if they fixed the noise issues.First of all the PROS -LRB- Good Things -RRB- 1 -RRB- Sony has used the best aspects of the KM technology including the built-in Anti-Shake mechanism , lens mount , exposure system , and menus , and improved them by its own new CCD sensor , image processing and LCD screens . Out of these , the Anti-Shake is the best feature . Allowing you to get Anti-Shake for every lens . This is one of the only cameras right now in the market after the KM5D and KM7D were taken out . Canon and Nikon have this feature not in the body like the Sony , but in some of the very expensive lenses . Of course this is a cash machine for Canon and Nikon and they charge a premium of between $ 300-500 to the cost of each lens ... nice work if you get it !!! In my view , I think this feature is the best selling point of the camera and if you buy at least 2 or 3 lenses from Sony , you would recover the cost of the camera just like that .2 -RRB- The A100 's ` Alpha ' lens mount is the same as the older Minolta A-type mount , allowing it to work with all of the old Minolta A-Type lenses . Minolta has made some superb lenses over the last 20 years equalling or better than the Nikon or the Canon L series . Some of these you will find used for cheap .3 -RRB- Although the viewfinder uses a cheaper pentamirror than the ore expensive pentaprism used in the Nikon D80 , the A100 viewfinder is still big and bright and looks a lot better . Likewise the 2.5-inch LCD screen -LRB- which on SLRs can not be used for a live preview -RRB- is gorgeous with high resolution .4 -RRB- The A100 looks and feels excellent and looks vaguely like the Konica Minolta 5D , but the A100 is smoothly contoured . Overall the body has a black finish , except the front grip area which has a durable rubbery grip like the KM , and has a ridge to separate the middle finger from the ring finger for perfect alignment every time .5 -RRB- Flash . I have not tried the external flashes . I have heard good things that it appears to be wirelessly and remotely controlled by the A100 . I am used to a Canon SLR system , and have always been envious of the free built-in wireless capabilities of the Nikon D200 & D70 control of the Nikon SB800 flash . Hopefully this works similar . I cant wait to test it.Here are the CONS -LRB- BAD Things -RRB- . Take this with a grain of salt . As you can tell by my 4 stars , the positives far outweigh the negatives :1 -RRB- Although build quality for the A100 is good , it is somewhat more plasticy that the Canon EOS 30D or Nikon D200 . but this is not a big deal .2 -RRB- Does not have a small status LCD . The use of the main 2.5 inch LCD for all functions as well as current status -LRB- rather than the small LCD screen in other models -RRB- might impact battery life .3 -RRB- The battery despite being an InfoLithium design , does not display the remaining time like all the other Sony cameras4 -RRB- Weak external controls . The older Konica Minolta 7D completely blows the A100 in ergonomics . Even the entry Canon rebel 350 and the Nikon D50 are a pleasure to use . I love it when any camera has direct dedicated input buttons for White Balance , ISO or Quality . Although arguably the Sony does have some direct buttons , it is made harder by some on the top dial , some on the back and using the LCD for everything.Now for the more controversial items5 -RRB- NOISE
 -LSB- Here 's a reprint of the review I first wrote for the Camera + lens kit . Since that time , there have been some other , more scientific reviews , most notably , the one done on Digital Photography Review.They had some additional positives , most notably the highest CF card throughput they 've yet tested -LRB- even against top-of-the-line pro models -RRB- . The biggest con listed was high noise at 800 , and particularly at 1600 . This might be a problem with anyone who 's buying this camera primarily for low-light photography.In conclusion , they gave this camera a `` highly recommended '' review , their highest mark . -RSB- ---------------------------------- The Alpha 100 is a nice first step forward in the digital SLR field for Sony . For those unfamiliar with the demise of Minolta -LRB- later Konica-Minolta -RRB- , Sony took over production of SLRs , while keeping compatibility with former Maxxum lenses and flash units . Therefore , the Alpha is a logical step for those with Maxxum lenses and flashes -LRB- although they must be the later `` D '' series flashes -RRB- . But the beauty in the Alpha 100 is what Sony has done to this upgrade.Although based on the Konica-Minolta 5D camera , the Alpha has both finer lines , and a more solid , quality feel -LRB- often referred to as `` build '' -RRB- . Dials have been improved in grip and visability.The most obvious `` spec '' improvement is the CCD sensor , now improved to a class -LRB- under $ 1K -RRB- leading 10 megapixels . Being the actual manufacturer of this sensor is a definate advantage , but even more so coupled with their new `` Bionz '' processor . Sony claims this new processor can help increase `` dynamic range '' , which means that it can help capture those contrasty scenes that have very dark to very light areas -LRB- and those that actually like working hours on a computer can turn this off ! -RRB- . Sony not only kept the best thing from the 5D , image stabalization , but took advantage of it 's ability to induce shake and creating an anti-dust feature.A bit about stabalization . First , what stabalization will not do for you . It wo n't help you a whole lot taking photos of your kid at nighttime sports activities . A stabalizer allows you to hold the camera/lens combo steadier at slower speeds . For night time sports , the speeds where the stabalizer can help are much too slow to help for sports . It can help a bit for daytime sports , but faster shutter speeds tend to help freeze the action anyway.The stabalizer will help you in low-light candid no-flash photography , but just as important , WITH flash photography . Every get that cardboard cut-out look ? You know , the people are fine , and the background went black ? The stabalizer allows you to shoot at slower speeds , which helps give you more background detail , making the scene more like your eyes see it.The stabalizer is also handy for long telephoto wildlife shots , even on a tripod -LRB- think `` wind '' -RRB- , or in heavy woods.The camera also has all the standard features you 'd expect from today 's modern SLRs , and a decent selection of lenses have been announced . Although I 'm not a crazy `` CZ '' fan , the addition of Carl Zeiss optics -LRB- including a completely new 16-80 design -RRB- will add another option to the already plentiful Minolta optics -LRB- & third party -RRB- available.No camera has everything , and here 's a few options you might like/need that are n't offered on the A100
 The reviews below this one are thorough and written by professional-sounding photographers . So I 'm going to give you my brief impression as an amateur . I have had this camera for 2 months now and use it regularly -LRB- several times a week -RRB- . I am a flatwater kayaker and I use it mostly to take pictures of wildlife -- shorebirds , deer , other critters -- from the kayak . I purchased the 75-300 zoom lens to go with it . I also have the lens that comes with the kit , which I use for scenics or pictures around the house , etc. . My previous cameras included the Sony DSC-H5 and the Canon S2 IS , both with teleconversion lenses.Obviously , this being a DSLR camera , the pictures are crisper with better color . The image stabilization is effective enough to give me sharp pictures of birds taken from a kayak on moving water . While the 10 mp factor is usually -LRB- I gather -RRB- desirable from a printing standpoint , I find that it is helpful from a cropping standpoint . The zoom lens will only take me so close to a bird in a tree -- cropping the photo enables me to , in effect , zoom in further on the picture itself , so the end result is that the little dot in the original picture can be cropped and zoomed to show up clearly and sharply as a belted kingfisher.It 's heavier than regular -LRB- non DSLR -RRB- digitals , a fact that put a friend of mine off it . It also has an unusually loud shutter noise -LRB- not the satisfying * click * of other models -RRB- . I wish it used plain AA batteries instead of rechargeable -- I am used to being able to replace the batteries on the go if necessary -LRB- instead of being SOL if they run out while I 'm on the water -RRB- . But the fact is that you ca n't beat the price and I find the quality of the pictures I get with it to be excellent . It 's my first DSLR and I am very pleased with it .
 UPDATED : I 've had the Alpha since September and have shot more then 2000 photos now . I love it even more now then when I reviewed it in September . This is a great camera that takes awesome pictures in full auto for the person that is n't ready to venture out . But , it still has all the manual controls for the person that does the full manual photos.I 've done one wedding shower and one wedding with mine and the pictures I 've gotten are amazing . If you watch you can get some great used Minolta lens for a decent price including some great low light lens such as the Minolta 50 f 1.7 . I would recommend this camera to anyone looking into a digital SLR . The in camera stabilization makes it possible to shoot with much slower shutter speeds which is awesome in low light situation.It has a very easy to understand user interface . You do n't have to hunt through an extensive and time consuming digital menu to find the most commonly used features . They are available with the knob on the top left and a push of the button . Custom white balance is fast and easy to set.My only complaint is that if you shoot at 800 or above ISO you get some noise and grain but a good noiseware program takes care of that with no problem . So far I have only had to go to 800 once in all my shooting to get my shutter speed up enough that I did n't need a tripod . And if you shoot in raw you have even less problem with the noise then if you shoot in jpeg . I personally think the reason that many complain about to much noise is they shoot in jpeg and Sony does not apply as much filtering in jpeg as Canon and Nikon does . And for those that are still on the fence the sensor that Nikon uses in their cameras are a Sony sensor.If anyone has any questions please feel free to contact me.I 'm in love with my camera . I have had it for 2 weeks . The photos coming out of this camera are amazing . I have a picture of a flower with rain drops in perfect focus with the kit lens.Someone also spoke about the anti shake , I have a 100-400 lens and I have taken several pictures at dusk with this lens not on a tripod and they are perfect . With the same size lens on a Canon rebel I can not get a picture without blur . So I say the anti shake works perfectly . I have also been able to take night shots without a tripod and still have no blur . I think the antishake is amazing.My only complaint about the camera is that the shutter is a little noisy and if you shoot at 800 iso you do see some noise . But , I very rarely shoot at 800 so it 's not a problem for me.I would recommend this camera to anyone . And if you already have minolta lens it 's a no brainer .
 I used to have a Maxxum 5 and was plannig an upgrade to either 5D or 7D . The first had some limitations -LRB- like the lcd resolution -RRB- and the last was a little expensive . When I saw that Sony had bought Konica 's Digital Camera technology I could n't believe that a camera with so many resouces could cost 1000 bucks . Taking advantage of being in US and of the Prime benefits , I deciced to buy the first release and so far I have absolutelly no complaints . I have taken many great pictures so far with the 18-70 mm that comes with the camera and with my old lenses that I used to use with my old Maxxum 5 . The anti-shake technology is unbelievable ! Allows great zooms with image perfection .
 I had purchased a Sigma 24-135 mm f/2 .8 -4.5 and a RiDATA 4GB 150x CF card to go along with the A100 body . Together they have a really good feel . Love the pictures as long as you stay away from ISO 800 + unless you 're a fan of sand . Tip - set the sharpness to +2 and Vivid colors while keeping the ISO to a minimum number . The flash , even though it only has a GN of only 12 , really is n't too bad . It went down my hallway and illuminated the end really well . I wish that it would n't be too noisy though - both the body and lens . Also , the flash does not have an auto pop up feature . If there is , I could not find it in the manual nor can I make it work . I would have to pop it up manually . After buying a circular polarizer , I am armed well and really love taking pictures.After several days and several hundred pictures later , I was confident that I had the right know how to manually adjust the program settings correctly and to take some really incredible pictures . Finally , my left brain feels excited . This camera is great for novices - not too expensive and comes with a lot of bang for the buck . Definitely more features than the Canon Rebel and has some features over the Nikon D70 . The antishake helps especially when in max telephoto range . Do n't understand the DR and DR + setting yet . I like the fact that you can adjust the type of focusing to use . Unsure if Canon or Nikon has this . It is a 3 fps camera , not too bad . It ca n't compete with the Nikon D2Xs but for one fifth the price , I think it holds its own.If I had to do it all over again , I would . I love learning with this camera . If you are considering the Rebel or the D70 , this beats both because of its features and megapixel size . I ca n't wait to see what Sony adds to their next DSLR . I will keep this no matter what . For a new entry into the DSLR field , they sure came down with a heavy footprint .
 ... I MUST add here an E-Book that Sony should include and that I just purchased ... `` The Complete Guide to Sony 's Alpha 100 Digital SLR Camera '' by Gary Friedman ... It makes using this camera even easier and FAR better results than expected ... it can almost make you a professional overnight!I will make this brief as there are enough posts to give all the gory details .1 . After a VERY exhaustive review of all the other cameras out there and many demos in the stores this was , to me , the obvious choice . What swayed me was several well-respected magazines saying how great it was ... none of them said anything to sway me away due to noise ... and me first week with the camera has shown this decision to be correct one . If you are going to blow up a 1600 ISO snap to poster size after cropping it and putting it thorough Photoshop etc. . . well , then noise might be an issue .2 . As I am a recent convert from the Point-And-Shoot world of digital pictures I wanted a robust yet easy camera to use and shore with my tech-shy spouse . She has already picked up many many skills that made this and even better option . The buttons are well thought out and not easily pressed if not intended .3 . Again , as a recent convert , I also wanted to be able to transition into the world of intermediate to advanced photography . The lens that came with the kit is perfect for almost every application ... save true macro shooting -LRB- which I suspect vary few of us do often -RRB- ... 4 . Lastly , the value decision was easy ... I got a steal matching a big box retailer that also included the long zoom $ 250 300mm lens for $ 100 extra bringing the total to $ 850 ... of course you will need to buy a memory card ... and I STRONGLY recommend the 4GB card so you can shoot in the combo mode of RAW/JPEG ... -LRB- two formats shot at once ! -RRB- . PLUS ... the option to use the Minolta Maxxum line of lenses and KEEP the image stabilization in the camera -LRB- the other brands IS is in the lens , making the price VERY expensive ... -RRB- . There is absolutely no doubt in my mind this is the best DSLR under $ 1000 ... and maybe under $ 2000 ... if you buy anything else you will very quickly wish you had bought the Sony !
 Ace Digital did a fine job in getting the order and sending the camera the same day . Tracking on UPS worked fine . It arrived in good order.The A100K is a great camera . I have been a SLR photographer for a long time , pleased with the switch to PHD cameras generally -LRB- push here , dummy -RRB- , but longing for the control and especially the accuracy of focusing that an SLR provides . The A100 does the job beautifully . Pictures are crisp and predictable . The 3 FPS cycle is fast . Battery life is awesome , including the sleep mode it drops into even when the flash is up . The literature claims 750 photos per charge , with every other shot using the flash , and I believe it.The only thing I have found is that the Auto setting on the guide wheel is not what you want to use for everyday photos . If you are takng landscape shots , use the landscape setting . Ditto for portraits . Ditto for close ups . Auto does not do the best job for any of these conditions . In fact , I try to stay away from Auto , and I have found this curious . The problem is in focusing more than exposure.The focus evaluation setting is really helpful . You can see if you had shake or subject movement very easily . The anti-shake function is really hard to evaluate
 I bought this camera when it first came out . At the time nothing came close to matching it for the price . Now there are some other 10 megapixel DSLRs that are affordable but i 'd still get the A100 -LRB- only other one i 'd consider is the Pentax -RRB- . It has been fantastic and is now an absolute bargin . Awesome image quality -LRB- below ISO 800 -RRB- , fast AF , great handling and very fast shooting . The battery life is awesome . Its rated at 750 shots with 1/2 using flash and I belive it . I 've shot hundreds of shots in a weekend and not come close to emptying it . So much better than my old batter hog point and shoot digital . The built in metering is also very good and the manual mode very easy to use . Built in image stabilization makes this camera much more useful in low light -LRB- you can use 1/3rd the shutter speed of other camera and still get it sharp -RRB- than an unstabalized Camera and makes any lens stabilized . With Canon or Nikon you have to buy stabilized lenses which cost a lot . The grip is also better than that of any other low end DSLR i 've used . Substantially bigger than the one on the digital rebel or on my old film Olympus SLR . Makes the camera just stick to your hand . Shooting is so much more fun with the control you get from a camera like this . I find myself wanting to do nothing but go out and shoot on nice days and have taken some great pictures on this . I 've blown enlargements up to 13x19 with good results . Have n't tried bigger yet.The kit lens is good for what it is . Very high quality but a small aperature that makes it slow to focus at full zoom and not the greatest at low light . This is a problem common to all kit lenses . Personally i 'd get at least one faster lens , or just get the body and a faster zoom . There are a lot of used Minolta lenses out there that are cheap and good that you can use on this camera . The 50mm f 1.7 is a bargin as is the legendary `` beercan '' a 70-210 f 4 with amazing bokeh . Sony lenses are a little overpriced at this point , imo , so i 'd look to either the used market or to makers like Tamron and Sigma for your lenses .
 i was using my husbands 35mm minolta -LRB- which looks a lot like the sony a100 -RRB- but i wanted a digital . he has two distance lens that i was hoping i could use if i bought a digital camera . i found out that sony bought out minolta and that the a100 should be able to fit his lens . i made sure they did by going to a local camera shop to try them out.we got the body only for christmas and i was so happy ! i have a good eye for photography but am brand-spanking-new to digital cameras . there is a lot i need to learn but this camera is the best . it is well worth the effort of learning all the functions the camera has to offer -LRB- if you are a computer idiot like me -RRB- and if you already know what you are doing then you already know that this camera has a lot to offer.i made sure that i got a lot of memory ... knowing me i 'll take pictures of anything . i am using a 2gb memory card and so far so good ! i have taken over 1000 pictures in about 2 months time -LRB- i do make sure i empty the memory every so many shots and resize the pictures to my liking -RRB- and it is amazing how wonderful th pictures look.you can not record sound or movies , which is fine by me -LRB- i wanted a camera not a camcorder -RRB- but if you hold the focus on your subject you can set the camera up to take multiple frames one after the other making the pictures look as if they are moving -LRB- the old flip book idea -RRB- . the camera does have a loud `` click '' sound when taking pictures but i do n't know if that is normal or not for digital cameras . the birds i take pictures of hear it and seem to look for the source of th noice which actualy helps get them to change position for my pictures.over all i just love this camera . i just wish the lcd screen was recessed or moved over as i keep putting my nose on it and leaving smudge prints lolnow i just need an even better lens then the one i have ... . MORE ZOOM !
 The Sony Alpha offers a sturdy plastic -LRB- steel inner cage -RRB- body that does n't feel remotely flimsy . All controls are easy to navigate , and operate crisply . The LCD is bright and sharp , as is the viewfinder . I found the menus easy to work with and understand . The overall size is a step up from some of the affordable DSLRs , which allows for more actual mass to get your hands around ; thank you Sony . Build quality does not leave anything on the floor . Overall , a nicely built and user friendly photography tool , and reasonably priced . Recommend .
 Having owned a Nikon F4a snd a Hasselblad C-500 , I love this camera ! Plenty of options , or program to point-and-shoot option -- it 's your choice . Excellent photos either way .
 I have had a variety of cameras throughout the past 3 years with my new found interest in photography . I started small and worked my way up , from the FujiFilm 2800 to this Sony SLR and though photography is truly about the photograher , this camera definitely makes photos better , and overall makes photography much more enjoyable.Well , I 'll start with the breakdown of features :1 . 10 megapixel sensor
 After using the Nikon D80 and the Canon EOS 40D in my work , I found the Sony A100 easier to use and giving me the same or better quality than the Nikon or the Canon.The Sony A100 has the same Minolta A-type bayonet mount , enabling the use of a large back catalogue of existing Minolta and third party lenses as well as avoiding the development of a whole new system . And with the Anti-Blur built into the camera your cost of lenses is greatly reduced.The Anti-Dust system is a special anti-static coating -LRB- Indium Tin Oxide -RRB- on the low-pass filter in front of the CCD ensures no build up of dust due to static electricity . Secondly an ` Anti-Dust vibration ' using the cameras CCD shift system , but instead of introducing a delay at startup this occurs at power off . This camera has many great features , Eye Start AF , Continuous shooting until media full , 40 segment honeycomb pattern metering , 2.5 '' 230,000 pixel ` Clear Photo LCD Plus ' monitor , Lithium-Ion battery . I use my camera daily in my job . It 's not a Nikon D200 but nether is the price . If you want a Great Digital SLR at a fair price , something easy to use , with very , very good results and a camera that will use a wide verity of lenses -LRB- Minolta Lens work just fine -RRB- at good prices this Camera is for you.Sony Alpha A100 10.2 MP Digital SLR Camera -LRB- Body Only -RRB-
 I have a large number of lenses collected over the years for my various Minolta film cameras . As of July of 2006 , I was pretty much resigned to staying with film until Kodak and Fuji quit making it . Then the DSLR A100 came along.It 's a great camera . It has a few small flaws , but then nothing is perfect . Compared to my Minoltas , it 's lighter , almost too light . The plastic housing seems somehow cheaper . I have an oily complexion and , like most DSLRs , I 've found that my nose finds the middle of the LCD . My wife uses her Sony digital the way most people do , at arm 's length . So using this camera has required a transition for her.So far every lens I 've used on it has performed flawlessly . I have discovered the same thing every other convert has probably already seen . My 500mm is now a 750mm , my 50mm is a 75mm , etc. . It looks like I 'll have to buy a 28mm . The primary storage medium is compact flash , with an adapter for the Sony memory stick . But not the original , so our current stock wo n't work . But what the heck , I also found a 2GB Sandisk Ultra III on Amazon for $ 35 ! It is supposed to give me 450 or so shots at 10Mp and fine . So I do n't need to take my laptop for most trips . And a battery claimed to take 750 shots means I can leave the charger at home.The controls were pretty clear to me , having used Minolta SLRs for quite a while . The various menu screens have taken a while to decipher and I sometimes need some help on a few of them . It 's an easy camera to get started with , but can be tricky to learn all the details on . Gary Friedman has a great book on the camera that can take you from being a good photographer to an excellent one -LRB- I wo n't say great , that takes a talent beyond technical competence -RRB- . http://www.friedmanarchives.com/alpha100/index.htmI've been using the card reader on my laptop , so I ca n't really comment on the USB interface.Overall an excellent camera . Whether it 's a first SLR or coming in with a bedroom full of Minolta lenses .
 I have a complete suite of Milolta Maxxum I have collected over the years and wanted to move up to quality digital but the cost of upgrading my suite of lenses was daunting . Then Sony buys Minolta photo and improves on it . I LOVE THIS CAMERA . It takes great pictures and uses all of my old minolta lenses without a hiccup or shudder . The Anti shake makes hand holding the camera and still getting perfectly focused and sharp pictures.Amazing ...
 As a keen admirer of sony i ` d say if you are planning to purchase a digital slr go for alpha . Definitely a great product with great pics . I have a nikon as well . These two products are way better than the rest . If i ` d choose i would go for sony .
 I switched from Canon . The Sony A100 has excellent image quality , user friendly menus and controls , and feels great in the hand . I was also able to buy much higher quality used lenses than I could afford with the Canon , and of course all of my lenses benefit from image stabilization.With my old system , I had to choose between buying a fast -LRB- f2 .8 -RRB- lens or a lens with image stabilization . There was no way I could afford both in one lens . With the Sony I was able to purchase a fast lens and get the Stabilization through the camera body -LRB- The best of both worlds ! -RRB- . Also , the used market for high quality Minolta lenses is fantastic!I highly recommend this camera ! And for the price , the kit lens is an excellent deal as well .
 This is the camera we have been waiting for ... 10 + MP SLR for less than $ 1,000 . We have had several other fixed-lens digital cameras , each one having certain positive attributes , but this SLR has everthing we were looking for . It would be nice if the LCD display could be used to preview a shot , rather than always having to use the viewfinder , but this has not proved to be a serious complaint .
 In all my decades of working with cameras I have never own such a technological wonder as the a100 DSLR . I purchased the Carl Zeiss 16-80mm vario-sonnar lens as my first lens and the combination produces images that are beyond anything I thought capable from a digital image . They are huge 57mb tif images when I import them from the RAW format into my digital darkroom Adobe PhotoShop7 -LRB- the latest version is CS3 -RRB- I knew the lens was of top quality but the camera is great it has self cleaning inside and fantastic controls from full Automatic to Full manual if you want it to . I use the Pa program-aperture priority mode myself . But I shift about so I can learn and I am still learning because it is that capable a camera system ! if you want to enter the world of DSLR then i highly recommend the SONY Alpha 100 DSLR Camera . You do not have to be an expert put it on Auto mode , but I recommend that you do know photography and about light before you get such an advance camera .
 Our family bought this camera when our other one died -LRB- it 's now fixed -RRB- . This camera is great for the price ! I love to do research on SLR cameras ! If you are willing to spend more money , you should get a better Canon or Nikon . Our family just got this camera because none of us are pros . However , I still like to take pictures in the morning with this camera . If you often shoot in churches , or other places where there is low lighting , you should get different camera . A camera about equal to this camera is the Nikon D40x , a 10.2 megapixel camera . It costs about the same on Amazon . The Sony Alpha 100 has an ISO range from 100 to 1600 . It 's pictures start to get grainy at ISO 400 , a rather low ISO setting for most SLR cameras . Our family does n't mind because we do n't shoot in low lighting a lot . If you want to shoot concerts , or plays , you can try to shoot a bunch of photos -LRB- at 3 frames per second -RRB- on `` Night Mode '' , or `` Night Portrait Mode '' most people call it . One of the photos you take in burst mode -LRB- 3 frames per second -RRB- will probably be clear . If the theater allows tripods , or monopods , you can shoot on them . If you do n't have a monopod or tripod , you can rest your camera on the seat in front of you if there 's no people or if the people do n't mind . When shooting on a tripod , do n't use Canon 's Image Stabilization , or Nikon 's Vibration Reduction or whatever they call it on your camera . Turn it off because there will be no shake on the tripod . Sony 's Super Steady Shot image stabilization is located in the body so no matter what lens you use you always have the option of using Super Steady Shot . The Sony Alpha 100 can use Carl Zeiss lenses , Sony lenses , and Konica Minolta lenses , too . If you like shooting panoramas , this also is n't the camera for you . The Sony Alpha 100 can NOT be set on a tripod vertically -LRB- not that I know of -RRB- . If you have any 10.2 megapixel camera , you should have a place to store photos . A single picture is about 3 megabytes ! The `` smallest '' picture I 've ever taken was a picture of a black sky after I missed a firework . It was 1.60 megabytes . If you shoot 80 pictures a day , your laptop will soon be full with pictures . Good photographers shoot much more than 80 photos a day ! So , if you 've read about this camera on Amazon , some of the reviews , on sony.com itself , and like what you read about -LRB- or do n't care about -RRB- you should consider buying this camera . Then , you can start clicking away !
 An excellent camera and well matched with the 18 to 70mm lens that Sony has made to go with it . Lot 's of controls to learn to use , but worth the effort .
 I originally purchased the Canon XTi but returned it after realizing that it has underexposure issues . I then moved on to the sony alpha and have been very satisfied . This camera has all of the features that I wanted for an entry level dslr . The menu system and button layout is very easy to learn and use . The function dial on the left used for setting iso , white balance and others is super easy to use . The metering in this camera seems very accurate and produces beautiful pics.I bought the 18-200mm lens and have found it to be satisfying . It covers most of the range I want , although the autofocus is a bit slower than the 18-70mm kit lens . Buying this lens in the kit saves about $ 100 bucks compared to bying it separately . And overall the price ca n't be beat on the camera body -LRB- $ 600 -RRB- . Also , the software picture motion browser is a fairly easy to use program to keep track of photos and do very basic editing .
 Great product with several innovative features . Chose this item over the Canon XTi .
 I have many older Minolta lense 's which this camera 's lens mount accepts my older lense 's a prime concern for me.The camera is relatively easy to use , the controls are fairly obvious , and the results can be immidiately reviewed , and erased ! , if needed , I enjoy using this camera very much , it was bought to be a backup for the exact same camera should it fail , which it never has , Both cameras have been very relaible , with surprisingly long battery life.I really like this model , Sony has come out with other version 's , based on this one , which are slightly better , however , if you have one of these , or want to buy a used one do n't hesitate , it is an excellent camera for all around basic photography
 I 'm sooo happy I managed to get one of these before Sony made all their changes . It acts just like my Minolta Film cameras , the venerable 9000 and the newer 5 Film - easy to use menus , controls where I want them and that wonderful lighting fast autofocus . I 'm not a fan of anything Sony proprietary -LRB- like the battery -RRB- but so far it 's been good to me . I bought this to take pictures of my newborn son - cause face it , no P&S ; will ever react fast enough to catch the boy with his eyes scrunched up and tongue hanging out.One serious con is the sheer bulk of the thing . My wife LOVED the Maxxum 5 Film , lightweight and thin for her little hands . She needs to use two hands almost exclusively for this beast . It 's not a weight issue either , it 's the shape of the grip . I find my fingernails grinding into the body from the way I hold the camera one handed . Better grips could be had.There are certainly fuller featured models out there , even in this manufacturer , but really , how often do you use all those features ? I know what I 'm doing , I 'm a photographer from way back with a Pentax K1000 knock off from Cosina , but about all I ever do is change the flash or exposure compensation settings , and usually I get better results if I use the pre-programmed modes anyway.Takes a darn pretty picture in plain old automatic , too . Just like the Maxxum 5 , if you can teach a 5 year old to frame and compose , the camera will do the rest.Of course there 's the compatibility issue with all my old Minolta glass ... eh ... some of it plays nice , and some of -LRB- and particularly my portrait lens -RRB- will not work in anything other than full manual . Which is okay really , better than purchasing an entire new library of Nikkor lenses.Oh , the image stabilization program in the body ? Works like a charm .
 This was my first introduction to DSLR - but not my first experience with an SLR - i had shared a Minolta Maxxum 3000 with my brother -LRB- that was the model # as i recall -RRB- but never really bothered to learn its functions and because it was a film camera quite an expensive hobby - with film and development . So essentially the Sony Alpha was my first real experience with SLRs -LRB- Single Lens Reflex -RRB- . Digital photography has given me and a whole bunch of people a hobby that is very affordable after the first initial investment - but i digress ... This was not my first digital camera . My first digital camera was another Sony - the DSC-V1 -LRB- i have written a review here at epinions about that as well -RRB- - that little camera had an excellent clear Carl Zeiss lens and great color along with functions of a SLR - you can fiddle with aperture and shutter speed - but with it 's small fixed lens you 'll always that great depth of field unless it is ultra close.I wanted to `` graduate '' from these so-called point and shoot cameras - although i know a bit more about photography from reading books since getting the Alpah but i would not call myself an expert . So really this review is from a novice 's standpoint even after owning this for about 2.5 - 3 years . I 'm more about composition and letting the camera take over the technical aspects - however i have played with aperture settings , shutter speeds , and exposure settings.There are so many options in DSLR these days - the iconic NIKON followed by ubiquitous Canon -LRB- my brother owns the XTi -RRB- , Fuji , Pentax , Olympus -- then -LRB- at the time -RRB- there 's the new Sony entry into the DSLR market - the Alpha 100 - there are now different models of the Alpha 200 , 300 , 350 , and the top of the line 700 which boasts a live lcd preview.Just a bit of history about Sony entry into the DSLR market - they had a partnership with Konica-Minolta -LRB- KM would use Sony 's expertise in digital electronics -RRB- and Konica-Minolta decided to tuck tail and leave the DSLR market sold their existing technologies to Sony so Sony using KM 's foundation re-engineered the KM DSLR into their own and entered the market with the A100.The Sony A100 DSLR major features/benefits include -LRB- IMHO -RRB- : * The Sony BIONZ engine - the brains behind the camera -LRB- like the DIGIC II for the Canon -RRB- - * 10.2 megapixels * Super Steady Shot Image Stabilization - built right into the camera - some have it built into the lens - so every lens you use will have this super steady shot - but nothing beats a steady hand or a great tripod ! I think this was a hold over from the K/M days . * Anti-Dust Technology - dust repellent coating and an active shake of the CCD for those stubbornest of specs . This works OK - i can see specs of dust - i have n't used the `` shake '' - although it gives a little nudge when you turn it on . * fairly large 2.5 color lcd screen - great color and clarity on the LCD screen * Eye-start autofocus system - if you turn this feature on - as soon as you put it close to your eye it starts trying to focus - i found this feature to be useless - it is light sensitive so if you put this close to your body it will start focusing - i turned off this feature - this was another holdover technology from K/M . * With the Alpha Mount you can use `` old '' lenses from K/M with the Sony A100 so if you had a K/M DSLR and multiples lenses you can also use it with the Sony Alpha . You are able to use the myriad of K/M alpha mount lenses but not all of the accessories - Sony changed the hot shoe for the flash so that wo n't work and you need to buy a new flash - BUT i had an old wired remote from my first original Minolta Maxxum and that worked . * New Carl Zeiss lens - exciting but it would probably cost more than the camera itself.ACTUAL USE / FEEL of the camera -LRB- from a novice standpoint -RRB- : with anything new you 'd have a learning curve but this camera is pretty intuitive however i would suggest reading the manual once over . Once you start using it and learning the control it will be like second nature.The feel of it is somewhat heavy - it is certainly a bit heavier than the Canon xTi but it has a very comfortable grip.The autofocus is a bit loud with the whirring of the motor - the mirror is louder than most - i would not take pictures clandestinely because you just ca n't it will give you away every time.I am currently using the 18mm - 200mm max aperature -LRB- open -RRB- is f3 .5 - f6 .3 - not quite quick to focus in low light situations , but the lens is so versatile with the wide 18mm and the nice zoom of 200mm it 's hard not to like this lens . Please keep in mind that the DSLR mirror is larger than a regular film SLR so you have to multiply the `` mm '' by 1.5 to get the true `` mm '' size . At 18mm with the DSLR it is really 27mm and the 200mm is really 300mm . I find this camera to be very comfortable and fun to use . The strap that came with it is not length adjustable however and i like to strap the camera across my body - i have a small frame - people with a larger body should get an adjustable strap.PICTURES : a picture speaks a thousand words - here 's is a link just some of my photos from flickr.com i 've taken over the years with my Sony Alpha 100:http://www.flickr.com/photos/62904109@N00/sets/72157594360924382/only a very few of the pictures had post process done - some where cropped - mostly it is as is.one note - i have adjusted the camera to hard sharpness and high saturation - i love color and i thought the images from the sony was just slightly soft so i shifted it to hard sharpness on the camera itself.Also keep in mind the pics also depend on how your computer monitor is calibrated but it is a good presentation of what the Sony A100 can do.I find the pictures to reproduce excellent colors and the lens are quite clear.all were taken with the 18mm - 200mm Sony Lens.I bought this camera when it first came out and the kit was about $ 1000 dollars AND the 18mm - 200mm lens -LRB- as i recall -RRB- was $ 600 dollars . This camera could be had BRAND NEW for under $ 700 with this lens ! What a great deal for a under-rated and all around Great Camera!Pros love their Nikon or perhaps their Canon - but I thought the Sony was a great camera and currently at a great price !
 I love the camera . It has a little of everything . The camera is loaded with all the manual controls you could desire . The picture quality is great . I really enjoy using this camera , especially since I do n't feel like I have to protect it with my life . At the price I paid , it just ca n't be beat . That 's all folks !
 I have this camera and I really like it . It is my first DSLR and I am impressed by the functionality along with its value . It has many controls right at your fingertips so that you can adjust to your surroundings immediately . The anti-shake is good . It has a full sized CCD so that you can use any Sony or Konico-Minolta lens . The only downside that I see is that it has a Sony specific hot shoe for the flash and sony specific remote trigger . You can only use sony flashes or triggers . Other than that , this is a great value DSLR .
 I owned this camera and liked it a lot . The convenience of properly located controls , easy of use , traditional Sony 's menus ... If you own one of Sony 's little cameras and think about stepping into DSLR it is the camera to get as you will find very familiar interface and it will facilitate the transition . You can get this camera with lenses very inexpensively and 10m is more than enough for all my needs . In fact I rarely shoot on 10 as it makes big files and as they accumulate they eat storage of PC.I used this cam any time of the year and never run into any problems . The battery timing is exceptional .
 I have had the Sony DSLR since July 23rd . I took over 700 pix at the WSOP in Las Vegas , and several hundred since . I do have the Sony flash , and the SAL-18200 lens . I was a little leary about going from `` point and shoot '' to DSLR . It took some time to read the manual , study , and practice but I have had many compliments on the pix I have taken and printed . If you want to take the next step up in quality photography , get this camera .
 My husband has been very happy with this camera , but I do n't like the issues with subject motion . When the subject moved , our photos show a `` drag '' ... this is a problem with a little one on the way ! I do n't think my husband realizes that children do n't just sit and smile for photos ! After we learned the camera 's features we were able to get good night photos.Most of our photos are GREAT !
 It is an excellent camera at a reasonable price . About 80 % of the electronics in my home are the Sony brand . They are just so very reliable . Been buying Sony Tvs since the First Trinitron tube made its appearance . I have been through a bunch of TVs since then . In all my years I have had 1 repair for $ 107.00 . That is almost incredible and impossible . The only items that are Sony , and that have not lived up to expectation are their receivers . They do n't have a good life expectancy . I have an ES receiver what went out , a very expensive one , and it was too costly to repair . I went to the veritable top of the line and bought the Yamaha professional brand . I had an earlier digital Sony digital camera and it was wonderful , until it got stolen . Years ago I bought a Minolta 7000 auto focus SLR . I can use my Minolta lenses with my Sony Alpha ... that is a real deal for me . I can recommend just about any Sony product except for their receivers . I 'm looking right now at a Sony 46 '' XBR4 HDTV . A bit pricey , but worth every cent . Please feel free to contact me as I would like to know your Sony experience.Robert
 First time purchasing a DSLR . I think it was a great investment . I am only a beginner but the pictures are great quality .
 I bought this camera becuase I am a life long Minolta fan , however they discontinued their cameras without any notice and I was stuck with alot of Konica Minolta camera equipment . Sony picked up Minolta 's pattons and made their first DSLR and everything I owed with Minolta is interchangeable with it . But I run 2 photo studios and I have not been happy with the controls , etc. of this camera . However a person who just wants a better camera to take better pictures then their snap and shoot -- this would be a good camera for you , for a professional however -- no . I am now switching everything over to Nikon .
 I am quite happy with the camera . I see that when taking pictures with white background , the objects come out slightly dark inspite of the flash . May be the built in flash is not bright enough or the white balance is not set right .
 I do n't mind some of the criticisms of this camera . I do n't especially do any high ISO shooting so a little graininess is no biggie to me . I like the ease of use , the intuitive menus and the ability to use the lenses from my 35mm Minolta Maxxum . I have missed an SLR as the digital revolution took hold and not having to spring for new lenses and a basic similarity to Minolta cameras tipped the scales in favor of the Sony.For most folks this camera is all they need . The anti shake technology built into the camera not the lenses is another plus and the whole package is a nice camera . For any of you with Minolta SLRs , it 's a no brainer .
 A professional photographer friend recomended this camera , after I explained to her what it was I was looking for . It does everything she promised and then some ! Features so advanced and great capabilites for experimenting outside the bounds of regular photography !
 I just ca n't say enough about how much I like it . It is my first DSLR camera and it is very easy to use . I 'll be honest , I have not made many adjustments , just snapping what I see and it turns out great . It handles well in my hands . Great stablization mechanism/software . I lost the lens cap and it seems that Sony does n't make replacements , although they do have body caps . Takes good pictures indoors without flash . It was a couple of weeks later that I discovered the flash . I would recomend it to anyone . I bought it at XXXX and then noticed that Sony had a great Bundle Price with the two lens . The two lens I ultimately bought -LRB- paying more than Sony 's special -RRB- . I 'm a relatived novice -LRB- you may have picked up on that -RRB- and I like the camera.I do n't like that when you are not actively shooting you either have to turn the camera off or listen to the camera focus on & off .
 I 've had this camera for almost seven months now , and have yet to take a bad picture with it , also my communication arts teacher , who is very hard to please or impress , has it , and doesnt stop talking about how amazing it is and how much she loves it . While i am younger and know most younger people dont have such a serious camera , i can still tell its a great camera . not the best for taking close ups of people though , unless youre willing to do some photoshopping , but only because the camera photo quality is so amazing , you can unfortunatly see every flaw , which isnt always a negative thing . over all i absolutly love it , especially using it with the telephoto lens , its just an amazing camera in general
 This is my first single lens reflex camera . I love it and the reason you will too
 Overall I am very impressed with this camera . If you do lots of out door shooting , or flash based shooting , this camera does a great job capturing vivid colors . The auto setting works for most situations . If you are shooting in low light -LRB- night clubs -RRB- and want to capture the people and the lights to give a really lively effect , you will need to purchase a different lense . f1 .4 or f1 .7 would be ideal . expensive but they will make a huge difference in the quality of the pictures . The only downfall to this camera is its new , and there are not a ton of lenses available for it . On the other hand the Cannon EOS you can find plenty of new and used lenses at great prices . I shoot over 600 photos in a single night with this camera , and it worked great . This camera is capable of shooting up to 3 pics / second . If you are using the buildin flash you will have to wait longer for the flash to recharge . This got annoying as I found myself missing shots because the flash was n't ready to go again . Definately get an aftermarket flash for this camera if you need to shoot one after another with no delay . You are going to see alot of people bash this camera because they are brand loyal to cannon or some other brand . Do n't let that deter you from getting this camera , Sony did a good job with this . Even though a photographer is only as good as their equipement . If you know this camera well enough it can shoot just as good as the much more expensive Cannon 's .
 First , let me say I love the camera itself , and I REALLY , REALLY wish it was part of a system that a pro could use . But ... SONY has dropped the ball . As of this writing , there is NO sync cord available to use the camera with a Stroboframe , etc. - and , even worse , it uses a proprietary hot shoe that is compatible with pretty much zilch . Sadly , it will remain a limited-use camera for me , or simply be replaced with something that is part of a full system . Too bad .
 Well I dont think my money got wasted !! Cool one shooting great pictures , auto focus is good.Have a 2 GB card and start shooting memories ... Recommended !!!
 This camera takes great looking pictures right out of the box . It is very easy to setup and shoot . You can go from using the presets built into the camera , or go totally manual.What sold me on the camera was the fact that I could use the lenses from my Minolta camera.I would highly recommend this camera to anyone that is considering buying a DSLR for the first time , or not .
 I purchased the Sony Alpha A100K digital SLR camera because I needed a really good camera for my web design business , but knew nothing about photography . This camera is good for novice photographers who want a good point and shoot digital camera . I also like the camera because I am hoping to develop more photography skills and take advantage of all the features the camera has that a more advanced photographer would know how to use . I like the zoom lens that comes in this kit , and have taken some good quality photos by zooming in manually and shooting in the auto mode . Amazon had the best price on this camera kit compared to Wolf Camera , Dell and Best Buys . Seriously , I thought Amazon only sold books , but was doing a search for this camera , and through a price comparison web site , I found the camera at Amazon . So far this camera has been a great buy !
 I purchased this camera for my husband for Christmas 2007 . He had had his eye on this camera for a long time after doing a lot of research on what would be best for him . The main reason for his choice is ... not only is it a Sony brand but all the lenses used for his film camera would fit this body ... he was very happy ! My husband carries his camera with him EVERYWHERE ... I also used the camera during the holidays and it is very easy to use and took GREAT pictures of our newborn baby girl and our son at this specail time of the year . I would reccomend this camera and feel for the price paid was worth every penny !
 Item received in timely fashion in excellent condition . I had left over lenses from my Minolta Maxxum and have been reluctant to take the plunge into digital SLR because of the expense . When I learned of this camera and the ability to use my old lenses , I jumped . The lenses work fine with the new body and I 'm as pleased as can be with the new system .
 I have owned 8 or more sony digital camera my most recent before upgrading to the A100 was the DSC-V3 . The V3 has close to the same features but this has the `` Bulb '' mode with is nice but best when used with a remote with locking feature , for outstanding time exposures . . the sound of the camera , feel , and depth of the photos are of Professional quality I have used the lens 18-70mm f3.5-5 .6 that it came with but I like the ability to choose thousand of lens options and various media CF I -LRB- reccomended -RRB- or CF II -LRB- micro drive which I do not reccomend -RRB- and memory stick Duo -LRB- I like Duo also -RRB- with the CF card adapter that the camera comes with it has no Memory stick Duo Slot acually in the camera which I liked about the V3 . Overall big but the high end feel , and Pro photos that come out all with all at price you just ca n't beat
 I am a hobby level photographer and love this camera . I had a minolta maxxum 7K and many lenses . All of these lenses fit on to this camera . Sony made a great choice when they purchased minolta 's photo division . If you have old minolta lenses , even one , I would recommend this camera !
 I bought this camera because of the fact that it was the old Konica/Minolta Maxxum 5D . I have spent money on Maxxum AF lenses and did not want to throw them away or collect dust . They work fine even the 50mm stock lense that came with the Maxxum 7000 that I started with . I have shot some photos using the old lenses and the new one that came with the camera -LRB- 18-70mm -RRB- . I like the camera very much and it fits really nice in my hands . I have not had the chance to really push the limits of the camera but I really do n't do that anyway ... so the camera fits my needs .
 This is a GREAT camera . Excellent features and -LRB- relatively -RRB- easy to learn.As you look through all the setting options , you expect find one titled `` make your coffee in the morning '' . The features are numerous and complete.One caveat
 We have been minolta for 17 years . As far as I am concerned , I use a Maxuum 7D . My wife used a Maxuum 5 . Last year , she decided to go digital and we bought the A100.First
 This is my first Sony camera of any kind . I 've for the last 23 years owned the original Maxxum and a Canon G3 since 2003 . When I decided to upgrade my digital experience I looked at a Canon and Nikon but then gravitated towards the Sony when I learnt that it was a Minolta in disguise . I bought it with the sony 18-70 lens and used it on my trip to Africa . The camera has a very good feel when you pick it and is well balanced . Autofocus was quick and precise . I do like the simple twist knob on the top/left to adjust various settings . The LCD on the back is good as well.The pictures came out very well . To a large extent it was all outdoors pictures taken in Auto setting , at times I used the spot metering . The builtin flash is just OK , will do the job in closed spaces but does a poor job as a fill flash outdoors . In all I took over 400 pictures with good results.If I did n't have my old Maxxum lenses I 'd have shopped around harder and other brands could have won . In my case I did n't give the others a serious look . This should n't be taken as a minus since the camera has delivered for me , I 've no regrets.I 'd recommend this camera .
 The a100 was the first Sony DSLR I bought . I was pleased enough Sony 's cameras that I eventually sold my a100 and stepped up to the a700 . Despite all the numerous technical advantages the a700 has over the a100 , I missed my a100 . There is a certain quality to the images that this body produces that I missed . Images are particularly sharp , the dynamic range is impressive and colors are very rich , making this camera a very ideal camera for landscapes and static scenes . In the end I picked up another a100 to share the camera back with my a700 . I probably should have never sold my first one.A lot of people talk about image noise and the a100 . It is maybe a slightly nosier camera than some of its contemporary competition but I find it usable up to ISO 800 . I would avoid ISO 1600 . I find more fault with the slowness of the AF system than anything else . I think this is more likely to hold back your images than the noisiness of the sensor . This is why I would not recommend this body for shooting fast moving objects . Slower moving objects it can handle . It is an excellent camera for landscape photography that can capture a lot of fine detail when paired with a good lens . I find the Tamron 17-50mm f2 .8 to be a very good match for this body.Don ' t let the plastic bodies of these cameras fool you , they are quite solid and well built . Much better built than the A200 through A380 models if you ask me . The a100 is really quite the bargain nowadays . You can still find them new in stores if you look around . They 're great little cameras . Definitely worth taking a look at .
 Love my Sony Alpha 100 , 10.2 mp . For the money , it is an unbeatable buy . User friendly . Great photos .
 After doing many late nights of reviewing before making a purchase I was down to the Canon Rebel 400D or the Sony a100 . The built in stabilization pushed the Sony over the top . I have a limited budget and ca n't see myself spending thousands on the canon lenses.I have big hands and the Sony felt better . I 've owned it for less than 2 weeks and I 've taken over 500 pictures , almost all ... like 95 % are perfect , indoors with flash , without , outdoors with the white balance so easy to adjust . All I can say is ... Wow ... I am not a pro but I do like to fiddle with all the settings ... I found it to be very intuitive.I 'm really glad I chose the Sony . So if you 're on a limited budget and you have bigger hands , I say choose the Sony . As far as the `` noise '' goes , most pro 's say it has a lot , at higher ISO -LRB- 1600 -RRB- . Not on mine ... At least none that I can see . Pro 's also say it is loud , like the shutter and chip is loud ... Really it 's not too loud and ... I kinda like hearing it snap a picture anyways ... but ... that 's just me . I bought the kit with 2 lenses the 18-70 and the 70-300 for 899 ... The rebel was the same price ... but ... again ... with the built in stabilization ... I feel I made the right choice . Try them both out ... While you 're at it try the Nikon D80 too . Most pro 's say all three are just about equal less the stabilization on the canon and Nikon ... I say test drive em all and whichever you choose will be the right one : -RRB-
 I 've been noticing some very positive , quite glowing , reviews of this new digital SLR camera from Sony - especially an extremely enthusiastic preview from Popular Photography - which is not merely a modest upgrade from the Konica Minolta Maxxum SLRs , that were produced by Minolta for approximately twenty years , until Konica Minolta sold this system to Sony . One of the new camera 's best features is the option to use image stabilizing for each lens , since it is built into the camera body , instead of on some expensive optics only , as is the case with those from Canon and Nikon -LRB- Speaking of which , Minolta had produced lenses of similar high quality for its Maxxum cameras ; most , if not all , of these will be revived for the Sony Alpha digital SLR . -RRB- . Another excellent feature is the better ergonomics , with the camera 's control knobs and buttons bigger and easier to handle , than on previous Maxxum cameras . Last , but not least , there is the promise of new superb-quality lenses from Carl Zeiss , manufactured by Sony under strict Zeiss quality control -LRB- This is apparently the case with Sony 's numerous Cybershot digital cameras , especially with the more expensive models , which include elaborate Zeiss Vario-Tessar and Vario-Sonnar zoom lenses featuring Zeiss T * multicoating . -RRB- ; the first three lenses in this Zeiss Alpha line should be available to customers by year 's end -LRB- One of these lenses is a fast , brand-new 135mm f1 .8 Sonnar lens . -RRB- . Those interested in a quality digital SLR should consider seriously the Sony Alpha A100K 10.2 MP Digital SLR , with an accompanying 18-70mm f3.5-5 .6 Sony Alpha lens which should be useful for many photographic applications from wideangle to telephoto photography -LRB- EDITORIAL NOTE
 I tried this at the CES show in Vegas , knew I had found a great camera and went searching for the best price . I found I could buy it for about $ 860 and Amazon 's price was $ 1018 . Then I found out that at the $ 860 price these crooks were taking out the battery and the charger and selling an offshore Alpha that had no Sony US warranty so I would be stuck if it ever needed repair after their one year phony.Adding the battery and charger back in meant I would be paying these online crooks more for an offshore version than the `` Sold to America '' version from Amazon that Sony America would service.The first day I used the camera I shot 396 pictures with and without flash and the image stabilization was perfect in all but a couple flash shots at the end of the the 200mm range . There is very little shutter lag and you can see your shots immediately to be sure you got what you wanted.The Sony Alpha 18 to 200 mm lens is amazing in versatility . Previous to this I had used an Olympus IS-3 35mm camera because it had such a great wide angle to telephoto range and Olympus really dropped the ball in not bringing out a single lens with the zoom range of the Sony 18-200 lens for their digital cameras.I ca n't think of any real advantage buying a Nikon or a Canon would give me in taking event pictures or portraits as the ease of use in this one lens and large file size fits all my needs.I 've waited for the digital SLR to come of age at a reasonable price and the Sony Alpha with the 18-200mm lens really does the job .
 I was skeptical of the reviews of this camera , especially considering it 's -LRB- relatively -RRB- low price . But I could n't have been more wrong.I had a fairly large and versatile -LRB- for me at least -RRB- Maxxum system when Minolta exited the DSLR business . Then I had no choice but to buy a different brand of DLSR and a couple of lenses , but did n't have a system as large as my Minolta Maxxum kit . So I put off buying this camera when it came out , with the idea that I would expand my other digital system . But curiosity got the better of me , and when I had some money originally earmarked to buy another lens or camera body recently , I bought a Sony Alpha A100.Now I realize I should have bought the A100 to begin with , it 's really capable of amazing images , and now I can use my larger collection of Maxxum mount lenses . It 's also a great value for the price , it offers excellent image quality and a huge feature set . Frankly it 's difficult for me to understand the frenzy over the Nikon D40x -LRB- which I also considered buying -RRB- , since the D40X costs as much as or more than the A100 , came out a year later , and has fewer features . Though some features , such as in-camera image stabilization is great , you can get by without it much of the time . Other features , like depth of field preview and mirror pre-lock , though I use them infrequently , are features that , when you need them , you really need them . The user interface is awesome , you can select a white-balance pre-set then tune it cooler or warmer , make changes to DR settings , ISO , etc. using the function dial on the left hand side of the body , instead of paging through menus . So if the Nikon D40x is a bargain -LRB- according to a recent issue of a photography magazine -RRB- , the Sony A100 is an even better bargain . Just considered on it 's own , the A100 is a great DLSR , and the recent price drop just adds even more icing on the cake.There is one problem with this camera though . Since it has turned out to be such a fantastic imaging tool , now I have to go to the trouble to sell my other digital SLR system .
 When it came time for me to jump into the DSLR world there were a ton of choices . Having owned both Canon and Nikon in the past I had no loyalties either way , so I approached buying my camera with a clean slate . After a month of testing out each product -LRB- Rebel XT , XTI , Nikon D40 , D50 , D70 , D80 Sony A100 -RRB- I landed on the Sony alpha A100 . I read every online review I could find on it and considered heavily before buying . ____________________________________________________________________________ What I like : Built in AF motorBuilt in IS -LRB- steady shot -RRB- Built in CCD Cleaner on camera shut offDynamic Range Optimizer -LRB- DRO -RRB- Raw mode and editing software is greatErgonomics -LRB- feels great in hand -RRB- 10.2 MP for cropping -LRB- shares the same CCD as the D200 -RRB- Full manual controlKit lens -LRB- produces Sharp crisp images more so than Canon/Nikon kit lens -RRB- Twin top rotary dials -LRB- makes life a ton easier when switching quickly for action shots -RRB- Continuous shooting mode until memory card fullGreat battery life -LRB- 400 or so pics with flash for about half of them -RRB- Beautiful color reproduction ****** Lens Interchangeability with Minolta Maxxum line ***** I have bought 2 lenses off craigslist -LRB- 50mm f1 .7 & 70-210 f4.5-5 .6 -RRB- for $ 20 each that would cost well over $ 200 a piece new . And Since the AF motor and IS motors are built in the are AF and stabilized !!!!!! ___________________________________________________________________________ What I do n't like : High Iso 's get a little noisy -- -LRB- read this before hand new it was gon na happen . -RRB- Only noticeable on long exposed night shots . To combat this I Fix my ISO at night to either 100 or low 80 and use a tripod.With DRO set to highest setting , night exposures can get this weird artificial light gradient effect -LRB- note with kit lens -RRB- . -- To combat just switch it to a lower setting . __________________________________________________________________________ I take it everywhere with me , and have already produced 2 full size -LRB- 18x24 '' & 20x30 '' -RRB- prints with it and their quality is amazing . After 1000 + shots , I fully endorse this camera and would recommend it to anyone .
 I just moved up from a digital point and shoot , an Olympus C-60 which takes excellent photos . I was into photography seriously years ago and owned a Minolta SRT101.After spending considerable time researching digital SLRs I chose the Sony for a number of reasons
 This kit was a good deal . I was able to get this kit which included a spare battery and a 2 gb compact flash card , case , tripod -LRB- kinda flimsy -RRB- , and some other little odds and ends , for $ 130 less then the camera alone costs at Best Buy or Circuit City.I am an amateur at photography , but this camera makes me look like a pro . Takes outstanding pictures !!! Shipping from Ace was very fast . Would recommend them .
 Great service , product arrived in perfect condition , Now I just need to learn how to use it .
 Sony has done it again ... the need for a Digital ... GET MY FEET WET Camera ... the more i looked WOW ... Like a beautiful woman ... Stands out in the crowd ... She has the look Confidents ... etc April 5 , i ordered
 I 'm not a pro photographer , but my employee whom i bought this camera for certainly is . He uses a rebel XT , nikon D200 & canon eos-1ds . So in short he said to let u all know in his own words that `` this camera owns '' . And that u should probably pay some attention to a certain negative reviewers history of bad reviews b4 making an informed decision on that review.The issue with the noise my employee thinks may be due to the fact that the more megapixels u cram into a sensor increases the chance of noise . Hence the Maxxum having less noise at higher ISO 's . A workaround for that would prob . be to try the same exact shot at 6 mp . and compare the ISO.I think i 'll be aquiring this for my christmas present : -RRB-
 Amazon.com has in what I consider the worst ordering system on the internet . If an order goes astray and if you are able to contact their sales personel you will probably be told that they can not give you any information and that the item or items will be handled by a secret organization within their company and no one has access to them or their phone number . Think Im kidding , try it . In my opinion this company is in a moronic state and of course run by morons.The camera is very good , and I had to pay more money as a result of their incompetance .
 Body is good and light . It is better for the beginner .
 I love the way it feels in my hand . I looked for weeks for a DSLR nd for the price and what I read this was it . Im thinking of upgrading the body I have 5 lenes and I like the a350 but I am also looking into the 700 . But for a starter SLR you ca n't beat the a100 .
 Have been using for almost 3 years now and it is a great performer , especially for landscape/nature photography . Anti-shake is wonderful and makes up for the not top of the line iso handling.One other plus is the compatibility with all the minolta gear , including both lenses and flashes .
 Excellent camera and lens . Terrific value and good service from supplier . Disappointed that there was an additional customs bill of 71 ! Could you warn customers of this charge , in future.Despite this , at a total cost of 330 , it was still a real bargain
 I bought the camera in Feb. and just charged twice since then . I charged the battery before my 10 days vacation in Europe , and took over 1,000 pictures -LRB- very beautiful -RRB- and the battery now is still 3/4 full!Another advantage of this camera is the anti-shake function . I could take pictures with very low shutter speed -LRB- 1-2 seconds -RRB- and the pictures are still sharp .
 1 . I purchased this camera -LRB- Sony a100 -RRB- about a year and a half ago and it 's lived up to my expectations . Photos are crisp and clear , controls are conviently located and the large LCD is handy although I wish it was the swivel type , battery life is good . I have three , one Sony and two much cheaper non-Sony . I wish the lens selection was a little better but this is just a hobby for me and SIGMA lenses are just as good and cheaper . There is some noise at low light levels but that 's not a problem for me . My problem is dust bunnies inherent in all digital slrs in this class . But I have solve that too with a small bottle of ECLIPSE 2 and a few SENSOR PADS that fit the low pass filter to be cleaned . Sometimes it only takes a good whiff of dry air with the camera turned upside down . But sending it back to them until the warranty runs out consumes too much time and they do n't do a very good job . My job was better . Last of all Sony has the gall to sell the A.C. adapter at well over $ 125.00 and then recommends that any type of cleaning -LRB- dust blower only -RRB- not be done without the A.C. adapter . This is of course so the mirror stays up while blowing off the dust . My advice is use a freshly charged battery ; it only takes a few minutes to do a good cleaning with the blower or the more adventurous low pass filter . Be advised Sony will void the warranty if you screw up the CCD aka low pass filter while using the SENSOR PADS . But trust me , it 's very easy to clean and the low pass filter is tougher than one suspects . Still , extreme caution and patience is needed with a light but firm stroke . By the way , the A.C. adapter can charge two batteries at once but still not worth the price and there are no substitutes because of the proprietary connection on the camera body , again Sony Only ! Oh , there is also inaccessible dust inside the viewfinder , again inherent in all slrs in this class . My camera goes almost everywhere I go so there will be dust.SHELLBACKSEMPER FI
 Delivery was quick and easy . Camera takes great pictures . Very happy with this camera and I 'm still learning to use the other functions . All in all a worthwhile purchase .
 I 've been very happy with this camera . It is a pleasure to use . It really gives you great performance/results compared to the last generation of 10 mp entry level dslrs from Cannon/Nikon/Pentax . You also have excellent access to and control over the functions , allowing you to take great pictures and exercise your creativity . There are plenty of guides written specifically for this model if you want to jump from point & shoot into the dslr world as well.With the introduction of the 2nd generation alpha cameras -LRB- a700 and a200 models -RRB- , it is apparent that Sony is committed to this line ... which means the Minolta compatible lenses you may have or may purchase will not become obsolete . And now the a100 can be had at a significant discount so it really is a great camera for those we are looking for more performance and control than the point & shoot digital cameras can offer .
 The A100 is discontinued and has been replaced by the A200 / A300 . But it 's still a solid entry-level camera . At one time you could land one at Best Buy in the $ 250 range . Definitely do n't pay full price for one of these . Check eBay or Craigslist .
 This is a super product . Sony has cutting edge technology in this cameraI 'd buy it again , nuf said.Ray .
 I like this camera , which expend my understanding in photography . Easy to handle , perform well .
 Amazing piece of technology . Easy to operate , excellent results , and I am absolutely delighted that I bought this product from Sony . Now I am a lifelong fan !
 I 've used the previous konica minolta 5D which Sony purchased . I really like the 5d but dropped it . So I bought the Sony A100 as a replacement . Really the same camera with some good upgrades like 10.2 mp instead of 6mp . All my shots look great so far .
 I am having this product for over a month now and loved every bit of it . . of course apart from the higher ISO settings . . which to be very honest I have used only once -LRB- ONLY TO TRY -RRB- ... Now of course I can say , I am still an amateur photographer.And btw I had Minolta lenses and thats one of the main reason I bought this camera over Canon and Nikon . .
 Although not a big Sony fan , I purchased this camera because I had a lot of existing Minolta Maxxum lenses , which this camera is compatible with . After using it for nearly 2 months , I can say that we are pleasantly surprised with its performance . Of note is the image stabilizer
 Great camera , no wonder it was named `` Camera of the Year '' . Fast , clear and accurate describe the camera and the photos it produces . I have had the camera for a month and it has been all I expected . The super steady feature truly gives two f stops . The kit lens is useful and quite a bargin . I use it more than I thought I would . I truly get the same feel and results that I did with my old Maxxium SLR .
 Love this camera ! Was my first Digital SLR ! Takes very good pictures , long battery life , and includes built-in flash , neck strap , and ISO settings 100-1600 . Takes 2-3 hours to charge the Lithium-Ion battery . Takes 120 photos with 512 MB Memory Card ! Highly recommended !
 While I do n't own this camera , I own a KM Maxxum 5D upon which the Alpha is based . The 5D is great and Sony seems to have taken this camera to the next level , improving the LCD , the anti-shake , ergonomics , megapixels , and adding in a Dynamic Range Optimizer that significantly improves the Dynamic Range of many photos.In less than a year this model has moved from good to great based on this feature set . If you are thinking about a DSLR , definitely consider the Sony Alpha . I would still recommend my Maxxum 5D upon which the Sony Alpha is designed , but now the Sony comes with so much more for a very competitive price.BTW - one reviewer states that anti-shake does n't work above 200 mm . I do n't believe this is at all accurate - certainly not so with my 5D . If you are concerned about this , check it out yourself . For a thorough review , also see dpreview.com .
 I 've had experience with other DLSR 's but this is the the first one I 've owned myself . . and so far it 's great . . with a good highspeed C card I can take pics all day on one battery . . I 've got it dialed down to 5MPs and the quality is still great . . the availability of other brand accessories is still a little light but I trust the Sony name will soon encorage more companies to develop products for the A100 camera . . the internal image stabiliser is pretty cool but I dont have enough photogrhpy experience to know how good this camera really is . . but overall I like it and that 's what counts .
 The Sony Alpha A100K is the best camera I have ever owned . The images are nothing short of spectacular.The lens mount allows you to use telephoto lenses from other camera 's . I have an expensive telephoto lens that was on my old 35mm Minolta and it fit this Sony digital perfectly . You will notice a lot of Minolta features on this Sony since Minolta has left the camera business.The image stabilization feature makes it real hard to mess up a shot.If you are a beginner or a pro , this camera is easy to use for perfect pictures every time .
 Let me say up front that I do n't own this camera , but I did take an opportunity to test drive a new body with some of my older Minolta lens . That part of the interface was perfect - as advertised , the body works flawlessly with the old Minolta-compatible AF lenses . I was able to take a few spectacular images using the A100 in conjunction with my 28-80 and 50mm lenses in good lighting at ISO 100 & 200 . I tried some indoors with my 100-300 zoom at an ISO setting of 400 and was completely disappointed . I also found the auto white balance to have a lot of trouble with fluorescent and mercury vapour lighting . I confess I did n't spend a lot of time dicking with the custom white balance system , but it seemed to be almost identical in performance to the AWB system on my Sony F717 . Anyway , this camera has a sensor that does not like to be underexposed , and I found the noise above ISO400 to be intolerable - there 's no way I could crop those images . I also found the menus to be less than intuitive . Finally , my old Minolta 7000i had a `` P '' for `` program '' button that you could press when you got too sidetracked with settings , or were in a hurry and wanted to set the camera to completely automatic -LRB- my wife called it the `` panic button '' -RRB- . This camera is missing such a function , which I would miss.To be really fair , I did n't get to know the camera as well as I would have liked to . To summarize , if you 're going to be taking all your shots outdoors at ISO100 it ca n't be beat for the price , but as the light levels drop the performance of this camera suffers . I hopt Sony fixes the noise problem for the next model they release .
 I 've owned this camera for 5 months and highly recommend it . It 's being discontinued but if you can buy it cheap get it . The camera replacing it -LRB- A200 -RRB- seems to have sightly better performance at iso1600 but gives up some advanced features like mirror lockup , and the control wheel button method access to several important settings . I 've seen it available quite cheap . Grab one if you can .
 The Sony Alpha was exactly what I was looking for in a camera . The local geek shops like Best Buy and Circut City do not carry it anymore so the only way I found this camera was online . Easy to use 10.2 MP is perfect for what I use it for . The one nice feature I enjoy is that once you put the camera to your eye it is already in focus for shooting so there in no waiting . The lens that comes with this unit 18-200mm is better then the standard lense I found at other retailers . It is easy to use and a perfect fit for what I need .
 This is my first real digital camera . All I can pompare it with is the many 35mm film SLRs I have owned . First thing I noticed is that the colors are very true . Nice ! Many functions are in the menu . Not quite as easy to get to as the old SLRs but many more of them . The camera is well made and I have had no problems . And it has been kind of fun using some of my old long 35mm glass on it . I am glad I bought it .
 This camera provides the acuracy , symplicity and beauty of a film SLR with the conveniance , economy and savy of a digital point and shoot . It easily takes wonderful pictures . I justified the need for a DSLR because of the slow reponse time of the 3 point & shooters that I have tried . The response time of the a100k seems instantanious . And in continious mode at 3 frame per second it seems like I have the motor drive that I wished for back in the film SLR days . I chose the Sony because the compatability with Minolta lenses , but I was amazed by the value and features provided .
 Takes good pictures , ca n't spot the difference to the Canon Rebel 400 Xti , which a co-worker got same time . My last SLR was a Nikon 35mm 10 years ago . and have used compact digital cameras since . They are just not comparable.Pros for me : plenty of lenses available second hand.anti-shake in the body , not the lenstakes common sony batteries , same as my sony camcorderusb mass storage and pict bridge supportCons for me : sony specific flash fittingusb connection is behind memory door , not behind a rubber cover.non standard power supply required , or put battery in supplied charger.no worldwide warranty option
 Sony Alpha A100H 10.2 MP Digital SLR Camera Kit with 18-200mm f3.5-6 .3 LensThe camera arrived in time for an important family wedding . Out of the box and in automatic mode the pictures are crisp and vibrant , even in low light conditions . The steady shot feature , built in to the body , is only available in more expensive SLR camaeras , and then only in really expensive lenses . After a month I have excersized many of the features this camera has to offer . I am quite pleased with its capabilities and it has renewed my passion for photography . Colors are reproduced quite well , with the exception of purple flowers , such as petunia , that are rended blue - curious anomally I am still trying to get to the bottom of .
 Great camera I like the simple that its to operate . This camera met all my expectations . the features in this camera stands besides any other brand of camera.Sony did a good job manufacturing this camera . The option of using minoltas lenses is super also .
 Fast Focus even in low light condition , accurate metering , very low noise even @ ISO400 , and very good resolution -LRB- APS-C and 10MP -RRB- The best is I can use all my old maxxum lenses on this camera .
 This is definitely the BEST camera !!! The SteadyShot is the feature I am so grateful for ! I suffer from familial tremor and had mostly blurred shots from other high-priced digital cameras of the top selling brands . This one feature has enabled me to take crystal clear photos with ease ! It is definitely worth the price!I wish I could give it more than 5 stars - it is that good !
 Easy to use & takes great pictures , even in low light . In fact , in my experience , pictures come out better in low light -LRB- not dark -RRB- without the flash . Great price from Amazon . I saved enough on sales tax alone to get an additonal battery . Added bonus for me ... my old 300mm Minolta Maxxum lens from 1988 works on this camera . Highly recommended !
 This kit was a good deal . I was able to get this kit which included a spare battery and a 2 gb compact flash card , case , tripod -LRB- kinda flimsy -RRB- , and some other little odds and ends , for $ 130 less then the camera alone costs at Best Buy or Circuit City.I am an amateur at photography , but this camera makes me look like a pro . Takes outstanding pictures !!! Shipping from Ace was very fast . Would recommend them .
 Echoing what most others have said , this is a great camera . It 's a dream to use , and the pictures are stunning.Since it 's based on a Minolta design , it accepts the lenses from my old Minolta Maxxum 9000 -LRB- circa mid 1980s -RRB- . This is a huge benefit to me ; I now have an excellent quality 70-210mm zoom lens for my new Alpha-100 for no additional cost ! The auto-focus and TTL metering work properly , and since the anti-shake hardware is in the camera body , that works with the old lens also . Even my old Minolta cable release -LRB- a switch on the end of an electrical cable with a proprietary rectangular plug -RRB- connects and works fine.I 'm very happy with the camera . That said , there are a couple of annoyances . One of them might be significant to you , depending on how you want to use the camera.First , noise . Not picture noise , as in grainy low-light photos , but acoustic noise . The shutter mechanism is * loud * , much louder than my old Maxxum 9000 . If you want to be an unnoticed photographer taking discreet pictures like Cartier-Bresson with his Leica , this is n't your camera.Second , the lens shade . This is a nit , but I find it more clumsy to use than the lens shade on the old camera . The old one was held on by a spring clasp ; you just squeeze on opposite sides to install or remove it , or to reverse it for storage . The new one has to be positioned precisely so that tabs will lock into place when it is turned . Not as quick or as easy to use , but not really a big deal . I suppose it saved a couple of dollars , as the new one is one piece of plastic while the old one had several parts.On the whole , an excellent product . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat .
 I own a Minolta 7D and recently borrowed a Sony A100 to use on a trip . If Sony would combine the two cameras , they 'd really be onto something . The 7D has its controls laid out in a way that the photographer wants them , and this is just as important to me as image quality . What good is a 10.2 MP sensor if you do n't get the shot you want because you were screwing around with a bunch of menus ? To a photographer , the 7D is absolute heaven but it lacks an up-to-date sensor.Then again , how often do you change settings while in the middle of shooting something ? When you have to you have to , but generally it 's not necessary . I 'd say the A100 is a wonderful camera for most people . The photos are great , and the menu system is also a problem on competing cameras from other companies.Anyway , Sony is probably the only company who 's poised to compete with Canon . Nikon , Olympus , etc are too small . Sony is huge , and unless I 'm mistaken they actually manufacture the sensors for Canon . Sony really needs to get on the ball and do something that Minolta neglegted to do
 I have been using Minolta Cameras for over 15 years now . When I finally decided to switch from Film to Digital I hated to start over with a new camera line . The main reason was all the lenses I had accumulated over the years . I seriously considered the Maxxum 5D & 7D models but was reluctant since Minolta was selling out . So I decided to wait on the Sony Alpha Body . After receiving the camera I played around with it using just the auto settings . I found that most of my images were badly underexposed doing this indoors . Outdoors things went great . I also found the foccus sensors to be a bit sensitive but after using the camera for awhile I quickly adjusted to it . Overall I think it is a great camera . From a technical standpoint I think it compares evenly with comparable cameras . I think for a minolta user it is a great step up from previous models . All and All if you are looking for a solid mid range digital SLR this would be a great camera for you .
 I bought it since I had the old Minolta 5000i body and lens . And the lens do work on the Sony Body . Even my Sunpak Flash work on the body also . I am now in digital SLR world and with a 70-210mm zoom and 10 meg pixel , croping pictures that are far away are amazing at what you get compared to my small 2x opitcal zoom point and shoot digital camara .
 I am an amateur photographer that mainly takes family photos . I bought the a-100 to take the place of my older Minolta SLR camera . I had a few lenses and an external flash for the Minolta . So , the fact that the Sony a-100 would use those old lenses and flash was a major selling point for me . This was also my first digital SLR purchase . I have had experience with other point and shoot digital cameras , but never stepped up to the SLR experience until now . I was not disappointed . This camera takes great pictures . It also has great image stabilization built right into the camera -LRB- which can save $ $ $ on the cost of lenses over Canon and Nikon models -RRB- . This combined with online printing from ritzpics.com or imagestation.com makes for great 4x6 prints -LRB- which is 99 % of what pictures I take -RRB- . Occasionally , I take a shot that is worthy of enlarging to 8x10 or larger . This camera can go up to 16x20 with no problem . All prints have been superb so far.A great number of people complain about high noise at ISO settings higher than 400 . I do n't find that to be true . I have taken pictures indoors with a 1.7 speed lens -LRB- tripod mounted -RRB- with no flash that look great at 8x10 . There is no noticeable noise . I have n't gone to 1600 ISO yet , but I have n't really had the need either.In short , if you want a great digital SLR camera that has lots of bang for the buck , then you just ca n't go wrong with the Sony a-100 . It is pretty much a remake of the Minolta 5D/7D , and I personally love the Minolta camera/lens series .
 I 've waited a long time to upgrade to a DSLR from my Minolta Maxxum . This was a logical upgrade , since the Sony is based on Minolta technology , and uses the same lens mount.The camera is very nice , has all the features you 'd find on any DSLR , and I mostly like the fast access to most settings you 'll ever need to modify from the two knobs on top of the camera . I think it 's missing an LCD on top with the most basic settings , instead you have to rely on the screen on the back.I 've compared it to my friend 's Canon 20D , and although the Canon seems to be a little better camera , but I 'm happy with my purchase since the Alpha is almost half the price . The Canon seems to have better picture quality -LRB- more vivid colors -RRB- , but then again , my friend is using lenses that cost way more than my whole camera , and I have low end lenses . So the comparison is not fair , but that is what I 've experienced.It 's a good solid base for my photography to get better . It 's 10MP res is as good as I 'll ever need , battery life is awesome , I 'm not sure how you could drain a fully charged battery in one day of use . The feel of the camera is great nicely balanced , good grip , nice screen , Sony quality all around ; and my wife loves it . I would recommend it for the above average user , who needs more than a point-and-shoot , and if you have owned a Minolta Maxxum and have lenses lying around .
 The Sony exceeds my exceptions . All previous digitals including a Fuju 5600 lacked my 35mm Canon SLR experiences . I wanted a camera with fast switch on , rapid focussing but only driving the lens if I was actually about to shoot , good battery life and high quality pictures . The image stablilisation in the camera rather than the lens was very appealing . It met and exceeded all I asked for in terms of requirements and value for money . As a varifocal user it was ideal with the adjustment in the viewfinder ; the functions , menus are fairly simple to drive but give enormous option for the adventurous but usually just let it get on with it.I use a Pheonix flash synchronised gun for indoor work which has so much more power than the local flash and make distance flash photography practical and with bounce remove all the usual shadow issues . If I had a gripe it would be that the Sony 's flash synchronisation would require a Sony flash rather than allowing a conventional hot shoe.I am amazed that my family find it so much easier to use than their own point and click digital cameras which of course is the befit of through the lens photography ; just have to make sure they do n't ` steal ' it !! Paired with a large CF card you can take photographs till the heart is content as battery life is excellent and even re-charging is relatively rapid .
 Love the camera . The digital flash card -LRB- 2g -RRB- holds over 400 pictures . It 's easy to review pictures and delete the bad ones.The best part is that I had a minolta film camera with various sized lenses from Minolta and Quantary and I can use all of them with the sony.It 's great having a new digital camera without having to pay for developing!or new lenses !!!!
 The Sony Alpha A100 is my third Sony digital camera and my first dSLR . Having been very pleased with my previous Sony cameras , and after thoroughly researching dSLR offerings from Nikon , I decided to go with the A100 . I 'm glad I did!This camera has well exceeded my high expectations . It had its trial run on a high school class field trip to New York City , and I must say that it performed exceptionally well in a variety of shooting situations , from candid street shots , cityscapes , and class portraits in the NASDAQ studio -LRB- thanks to the wide-angle portion of the excellent 18-70mm kit lens , I was able to fit the entire group in the picture without a problem ! -RRB- . On a later date , I experimented with outdoor shots taken after a winter storm , and was able to capture stunningly beautiful images of snow-capped branches , dripping icicles and foraging bluejays.Auto focus is fast and accurate ; image quality is sharp and clear . The menu is easy to navigate and controls are intuitive . In my opinion , the digital noise over ASO 400 - a consistent negative I keep seeing in reviews about this camera - is NOT THAT BAD , and nothing that ca n't be fixed with good image processing software like Photoshop Elements 4.0 . If you are looking for an entry-level dSLR , you ca n't beat this camera . The image quality and performance of the A100 far surpass its low price . I foresee spending many hours honing my photography skills on this camera . But even when I feel it 's time to move on to a pro-level dSLR , my Alpha will stay with me and , as its name implies , always be first .
 You can read the details elsewhere , but this is an amazingly strong album beginning to end , a beautiful synthesis of hebrew and amharic lyrics , the result of intense studio collaboration and improvisation , with haunting Ethiopian melodies and voices ; most of the musicians are Ethiopian Jews . How did such a young guy pull this off ? If you can find the translations to the lyrics , it makes it even better . It really was a smash hit in Israel , opened a lot of people 's eyes to the unrecognized richness of the Ethiopian culture under their noses .
 Small , reliable , great sound quality , does what it says , perfect item . Programmed it into my Logitech Harmony remote to reduce one remote and works great !
 This unit does the job and saves you the hassle of messing with cables when changing your viewing source . Just press a button an switch from HD signal box to DVD player . Very easy to use and component cables conect at up to 1080i to your projector of hd unit .
 My kids kept swapping cables between cable and xbox from our big screen projector . A passive , 3connector stereo/video switch was `` suspect '' in some noise on the screen . I picked up some new cables -LRB- Dayton -RRB- which is probably the biggest cause for improvement but also added this switchbox for convenience . The picture is still perfect and the remote switch is VERY convienent . Very glad I bought this thing .
 Muy buen producto funciona muy bien con mi xbox 360 mi HDDVD y mi Wii , gracias a su control remoto cambio de aparato con gran facilidad .
 You wo n`t believe the story of how I actually got my white PSP , my cousin , she owns both a PSP and an Nintendo DS she got both for xmas last year , I was talking to her and I said something about how I was saving up for one , she then said she has a white PSP , and I told her I never knew about it , she told me she could give hers to me , I was in disbelief and I was like `` Yeah like you would '' , and she was like `` I ` m serious , I do n`t even play on mine and why would I keep something i do n`t use ? '' , so I said `` I bet you anything that when I next come to your house you wo n`t give it me '' than she said `` A`right then , come over and I WILL give it to you '' . So something like two weeks later , I visited her house and about half an hour into the visit I said `` Told ya so , I just knew you would n`t give that PSP you were talking about to me '' , and then she got off the swing and said `` Oh yeah , I forgot about that , i ` ll even go and get it now '' , she went up to her room and got the white PSP , the essentials like batterypack and AC Charger aswell as some soccer game , the PSP was in as-new condition and she handed it to me and I was like `` Are you serious !? , you ` re actually giving this to me ?! '' and she was like `` Yes ! for the hundredth time YES ! '' and I just said `` Oh boy , Thank you ! , thank you , thank you ! '' , and I rushed to my parents car and put in in the back seat -LRB- hidden under a seat -RRB- . And I was just so happy that for the rest of the visit I was just being nice to my cousin and waiting for my parents to anounce they are going home.In the car on our way home , I picked it from under the seat and figured out how to turn it on and started playing it , of coarse I ` m not a big fan of soccer games and were n`t exactly drawn to the game , but I kept on playing in awe at the great graphics , my mom asked me where I got the `` thing '' from and what is it , I instantly told her that my cousin had two and gave one to me and other lies , I described it as my `` GameBoy : PlayStation '' to her as she is familiar with GameBoys as I had previously owned Color and GBA SP.I ` m worried that my cousins mom is gon na visit one day soon and ask for it back , but I doubt it as I rang my cousin via cell phone yesterday and asked her and she said `` I did n`t tell my mom , nor does she ever check my stuff , so she wo n`t notice `` The PSP is superb , its got great graphics , great audio quality and best of all , I can say to myslef atleast if my cousins mom comes , this baby will be WORTH the 250 dollars.And so far , I had only saved 110 dollards , so I ` m spending this on more PSP games and maybe one or two PS2 games.My cousin hates her PSP from the sounds of it , but she frequently plays on her DS as she thinks DS games are better as she enjoys Nintendogs and SM64 DS , she ai n`t no baby either , she is only one year younger than me , I am 13 she is 12 . A PSP game I ` m looking forwards too is `` Metal Gear Solid : portable Ops '' ! , I loved MGS3 on PS2 and I just know MGS : PO is gon na rock !
 Tripod is a nice size to carry with you and use on the hood of a car or any flat surface , if your camera is fairly small . It is sturdily built for the price , but the leg extensions do not lock , so take care when using it.Good value for the price .
 Great product . Great price . Small , can use on your desk or table . Great for taking self portraits or just general photographs .
 What a great buy , compact and excellent quality . No worry about the camera tipping or falling over , the legs are sturdy metal . The swivel feature is a nice extra . This is perfect little tripod all metal and very inexpensive for such great quality . As always Amazon comes through ... Kinamax Mini Portable Tripod with Retractable Legs really quite nice ...
 I WOULD BUY PRODUCT FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN . IT WAS DELIVERED PROMPTLY AND IN GOOD CONDITION
 The LS25E , much like the LS1 before it is a new type of `` board PC '' by Sony . -LRB- Think iMac for Windows users -RRB- . The computer is very stylish with clear boarders that make the monitor `` float . '' The graphics are great and it is how amazing how thin and compact the entire computer is . With its built in TV-turner , I have been able to use it as a flat screen TV for my study as well.But the LS25E is not perfect . Some might complain about the price , but I find it still acceptable , realizing that a similar featured slim Dell Desktop will cost about the same MSRP-wise . However , my biggest gripe is that the LS25E is underpowered . Yes , there are plenty of hard disk space -LRB- 250GB -RRB- and memory -LRB- 2GB of DDR2 -RRB- but the CPU is too slow for a computer of its feature . A comparable iMac has 2.13 GHz D2C , even Sony 's own notebook computers has 2.0 GHz , 2.16 Ghz , so it seems strange that Sony is opting for a week CPU for its desktop computer . I can understand if there is cost consideration , but they should offer the option to have one with higher spec . Another minor gripe is the built-in camera , I have never been able to figure out how many mega pixels it has and the image is definitely not as good as some of the smaller web-cams on the market .
 First for the negative comments -LSB- just to get them out of the way -RSB- . The one pervasive complaint about the hard drive is that it is underpowered . And compared with the Apple all-in-ones , this is technically correct . Personally , I never noticed the difference -LSB- the core 2 duo kicks butt -RSB- , but just to make sure I purchased a tiny Cruzer-4 Gig driver that can plug into either the front of back of the monitor/hard-drive from one of the USB outlets . It sent the machine into warp speed . I think I paid a hundred bucks for it . It installs intuitively once you plug it in.Second , the price . Honestly , I agree that Vaio 's are not price-friendly . Adding insult to injury , once you purchase one you 're also faced with purchasing all of the Microsoft Office and/or Personal sotware within 60 days . And it ai n't cheap , believe me.Third , and final , the keyboard does NOT provide a CAP light indicator , so you have look into a small window located on the keyboard to make sure that the cap icon is off ... or just look at the monitor from time to time . Vaio could also have added illumination to the keyboard like Apple did AND THIS IS THE ONE THING I CA N'T GET PAST!Okay , now for the good stuff . The LS25E is a showpiece ; a stunning , contemporary design that gives the illusion that the monitor and small illuminated buttons are floating in thin air . I have a large glass desk and the effect is extraordinary . Very nice design work , guys . The matching -LSB- wireless -RSB- keyboard and mouse accentuate the effect with a very slick , clean , cutting edge look . Not only do they go to work instantly , but I had used the keyboard from across the room and it still reads it as though it were a few inches away ! I also have two of the same computers on the same desk and there is zero interference . By the way , they are also both wireless through a netgear hub and still no problems . The LCD is about as sharp as it gets and any adjustments are a breeze.Of course , you will also appreciate the way the new VISTA graphics look on these machines , but there is a slight learning curve that 's well worth the effort.Finally , you should know that I do not game on these machines . They are used principally for internet work and writing . You serious gamers may have some other comments in this regard ... but from multiple apps to gadgets galore , this was well worth the purchase price - even though it would have been nice to get some software included ... But that 's an issue we should all take up with Mr. Gates .
 Do all my work and watch or listen to TV at the same time . No more ugly tower with its cables running all over the place . No more TV sitting on the desk . All in a very attractive package . I 've had 4 Macs
 I bought this model for its exceptionally compact size -LRB- I have a small desk -RRB- , outstanding screen , and multimedia capabilities . Amazon had it in stock and provided free shipping . The unit had one bad pixel -- a red that stayed on all the time , which was a problem when editing photos ; SONY sent out a technician to my home and replaced the screen even though a single pixel is n't strictly covered by the warranty . I was very happy with the repair and everything has worked fine since . I like the bright screen -- whites are white , blacks are black , and colors are full . I think that all these features make this expensive computer worth it . -LRB- Check specs on newer models before purchasing . -RRB- The main drawback is the poor documentation . I could n't find out anything on the analog video and audio capture abilities in either the supplied documentation -LRB- PDF files -RRB- or online . These features seem to be a secret ! Not even e-mail tech support could tell me about them . I was able to capture analog video -LRB- RCA and S-video jacks are on the back -RRB- and analog audio -LRB- thru line-in jack on left side -RRB- with utilities in the Roxio Creator Suite -LRB- not included with the computer -RRB- .
 If first impressions are important , then this is a great computer . Besides the fact that everything is wireless and compact , it is great for picking up HDTV signals over-the-air from the local channels . Only time will tell on quality . I have bought Toshiba and Compaq in the past and both had major issues . Vista 's o.k. but annoying as I 'm sure it is to everyone else trying to find patches to make it work with past softwares . So far though , we love this computer and would recommend it to anyone willing to spend a couple extra bucks .
 I bought this desktop after trying an iMac ; the Vaio is a much better computer and more user-friendly . The Intel processor is lightning fast and runs multiple applications simultaneously and smoothly . The display is extremely clear and shows web pages and movies equally well . Best of all , the unit looks striking sitting on the desk ; neat and unique . I 've been using this computer for six months and have n't had a lick of trouble . I love it and would definitely recommend it .
 Simply . . An excellent and very cool and strong computer , Creativity without frontiers in design , Strong performance and quick response and implementation of the orders much easier than before , But you must take into account This device is not currently updating Windows Home to highest OS.My advice if you want to know
 Easy to set up and use , no more cords to worry about , great look .
 i have had this computer for 11 months . i brought this computer as a open box product that causes alot of issues ... if i had only know what the recovery disk are for that would have saved me months of time of trying to solve issues when all i had to do was run the recovery program . the webcamera has always been difficult to find & use ; even now 2 months after doing a complete system recovery the webcam is still nowhere to be found i tried to download the update and when i opened the webcamera it crashed i had to remove the update by doing a system restore to set my computer back to the point before i downloaded the update ; there was 3 updated available anyway after that i could n't download any of the updates i had tried for about 2 hours & nothing worked ; the webcamera works but without downloading the update that includes the icon i cant open the webcam . my computer freezes ofthen which makes me unplug the computer to get it to restart ... that ca n't be good . the computer came with no instructions ... for almost $ 1,500 i expected a hardback owners manual to teach me how to use the computer & the Microsoft software/hardware ; Sony tech says that they are trying to save the trees when every other product comes with a owners manual . i had to download & print the users guide/manual and everthing else that was available for download & print ; i still do n't have a clue on how to use any of the hardware/software i 'm just learning how to use the Windows Media Center which works well most of the time i do n't have a tv or other computer & this is my first computer ; i ca n't run the maintainance program as suggested once a week at a set time which shuts the computer down my computer my computer is always on to watch tv at different times . for anyone that needs to use an analog signal like a VRC it will work but you have to use the RCA cables and change the tv signal to catch the analog anytime you want to use a external device this toke me a really long time to discover there are maybe 2 other ways to do the same thing . i brought this computer because i need as much room as possible , so i didnt need to buy a tower & a tv/moniter . . it works for that , i have n't done anything else with it but i can watch tv burn dvds & surf the net all at the same time which is why i brought this model . . i would have brought the most expensive model if it was still available . i hope to get alot of years out of this computer but i ca n't feel confident in how long it will last given some of the bad reviews i have seen i would also like to get the ATI TV Digital Wonder which is a external harddrive that records tv but it has really bad reviews with Windows Media Center lossing or not receiving the signal from the device which has a list of problems ; recording cable tv is another reason a paid the price , it will record from the setup box but setting it up is reaaly difficult ; the size is perfect & it looks great with all of my other Sony stuff and that was my # 1 concern at the time . i wish the keyboard came with a builtin mouse ... that would make use a whole lot easier for me . the the keyboard & mouse is really great on batteries . my dealing with Sony tech support has been okay considering how many computers Sony has . all in all i am happy with my purchase but for about $ 1,500 i would expect at least a 3 year warranty . . simply electronics fom Sony like a clockradio or alarmclock come with a standard 1 year warranty that fact was a major disappoint to me on top of everthing else . i would expect Sony to be leaders & not follow the standard set by others i would be more than happy to buy any manuals that would make using this computer easier but they are not even available for purchase but manuals are available for purchase for their other products ... big disappointment i 'm sure that would stop so many calls to customer support if they sell the computer with more documentation which makes me feel like my computer will only last as long as my standard warranty .
 What is most comfortable ? To have wires to the keyboard and mouse ? Or wireless , and run to the store for new batteries every once in a while ??? At least there should be an option to use wires .
 Works as advertised ... I 've got mine holding a hard drive so did n't use the bezel .
 I bought this for a place to add an extra 3.5 hard drive . I did n't like the floppy face plate as it was very flimsy and did n't seem to hold together well . I removed the face plate and put on the case slot cover and it fit nicely and my hard drives works great up there .
 This DVD player rocks ! For those of you who ca n't afford a really big home theature this is totally for you . The sound and picture quality is the absolute best and the DVD player itself is well built and is soooooooooooooo great . Buy this today !
 Just a few days ago my friend bought a Pioneer DVD player for something around $ 350.00 . I was so impressed by the DVD experience that I immediately decided that I would get one . But of course which one to choose ? I had a smaller budget and I already have a Reciever with Dolby Sound . The Toshiba was the perfect match . Just minutes after I opened the box , the easy-to-read manual had the DVD experience right in my living room . For the price the Toshiba is the fastest , and most feature-filled DVD player . The remote control is small , but that is a good thing because I have limited coffe table room with the five other remotes I have for my other home audio/video equipment . Buy the Toshiba and you will be happily entered into the DVD Era .
 When I bought my DSS system , I thought that there was nothing like it . When I first watched a DVD on the SD-1200 , my first DVD player ever , I was blown away . The picture was crystal clear like at the stores and the sound was great even on my two speaker stereo system . Once you go DVD , you do not go back . The highest end VCR is nothing compared to the lowest end DVD player . When people were mad that George Lucas did n't release Star Wars on DVD , I did n't understand why . Now I do . With more and more movies being released on DVD , DVD is here to say . Get the entry level SD-1200 now at the low price , and when recordable DVD players come out , that 's when you spend the money .
 This is a perfect DVD player for all but the most dedicated home theatre aficionados . It has the cool features plus great quality at a great price .
 This is an awesome player for the price . It comes suprisingly light and it 's qualities are wonderful . I 've had no problems with it playing dvds , vcds , or music cds . The audio is great and crisp . All the other complaints from other reviews are really of no nuisance unless you 're extremely picky.As for the the player not skipping back tracks on music cds , from what i know , all cd players require to hit the back button twice on the remote to begin backtracking ; no need pick on a dvd player for doing the same.just buy the player already , if all these reviews are n't good enough to convince you , then what will !
 The SD-1200 replaced a Toshiba SD-2107 2nd generation player and there is a definite improvement in picture quality . Colors are more vivid and picture clarity particularly in dark scenes , is outstanding . Truly a remarkable DVD player . Toshiba has done it again .
 The Toshiba SD-1200 is the best entry-level DVD player I ` veseen . There are absolutely no problems with dual-layer discs ... It ` sDolby Digital , DTS & component colorstream ready , and has all the features you need to get started -LRB- 3x zoom , camera angles , various screen sizes -LRB- standard , standard letterbox , and 16:9 widescreen -RRB- ...
 What can I say ? This machine is fantastic . From the picture quality to the color schemes to the amazing sound , this is the machine to beat in terms of price and features . Forget about Sony or Panasonic . Save your money and buy the Toshiba SD1200 . I did , and have not regretted it . If I had the money and the televisions , I 'd buy 10 more of these !
 The other reviewers are correct , the buttons on the remote are pretty small . I was concerned with this but it is a very minor problem.On the plus side , after looking at several brands , Toshiba and Sony stood out . I went with the Toshiba because it offers ZOOM capability in my price range . Sometimes letter-box format is just plain annoying -LRB- I have `` The Matrix '' which is extremely wide and tiny even on a 32 '' TV -RRB- . Toshiba fixes this little problem by allowing 4 zoom settings from normal wide-screen to 4:3 cropped that we are used to with normal videos.I 've had this unit since mid-June 2000 and it has performed flawlessly . The picture quality is fantastic , the menus are easy to use and it has provided good value . The only drawback is the lack of fiber optic audio output -LRB- it uses coax only ; make sure your audio system supports this interface ; most do -RRB- . Some have rated this box a good `` starter '' unit . I 'm not sure exactly what that means but I wo n't need another DVD player any time soon .
 The toshiba SD 1200 was the first DVD I aquired for over two years ago.Two years later I dont regret for a second for buying it . It 's been flawless since the day I set it up . Many friends went for other more expensive brands and models and have encountered many dificulties since day one . In the set up , recognition of movies and over all execution.I recomend it to anyone who is planning to buy a DVD .
 I chose this player after reading reviews for many models covering a wide price range . So far , I 've found this to be an excellent choice , not only for its price range , but also compared to more expensive units I 've seen . It is a well built machine , with all the features I could want and more.To those people complaining about the `` beeping ''
 Some useful advice I 'll give to all DVD player owners is to connect your DVD player directly to your TV and not through your VCR . I was initially disappointed by a picture that fades to dark , brightens , then repeats this cycle . However , I then learned that this behavior is caused by a copy protection scheme incorporated into many DVD discs . It is called Macrovision and is not a problem with the DVD player . After connecting my SD-1200 directly to my TV , the picture stabilized and has been beautiful ever since . I 've owned my SD-1200 for nearly two years and have enjoyed it both as a DVD player and a CD player . With reasonably clean media , the player has always performed admirably . My only complaint is with the remote , which could have been designed much better for use in a darkened room .
 until it broke . The repair technician said the laser pickups were made by Samsung , and a steady stream have been coming in for repair . It would cost -LRB- ... -RRB- to replace , so I might as well buy another player . I 've had the unit for almost a year now . Great picture , useful zoom for those too-wide movies , and adequate remote .
 This is a very good entry level machine . Its not too complicated , just insert the disc and work your way through the dvd 's menu . You are not paying for the extras like multiple disc play.Overall , this machine is quiet and reliable . It get s lots of use in my house , and the only complaint is that the remote could be a lot better . However , from a practical standpoint we do n't need to do all that much with the remote other than navigate through the dvd menus.This unit will not be the one to select for a high end system , but if you are looking for a basic entry level until than look no further .
 I ca n't find a compelling reason to recommend a higher priced model than this one . Sound and picture as rich as can be . Remote features are excellent , allowing for more tricks than you 'll use . Chose this after too many negative reviews of low price Sony models -LRB- I 'm sure everything is fixed , but I was n't going to take a chance over the holidays -RRB- . Was n't a Toshiba fan before this purchase -LRB- simple Sony prejudice -RRB- but now I 'm willing to spend the big bucks on one of their large TV 's . You 'll enjoy this player and its price .
 This is a great DVD player . There is no skipping at all in any part of the movies . And its very easy to set up , it took me maybe all of five minutes to plug in my new DVD player . If you can plug in Sony Play station to your tv you can plug in this dvd .
 Recently purchased the 1200 and have been highly pleased with is features . It has a zoom feature that allows the user to compensate for `` wide screen '' effects . With 3 different magnification options , it allows for the user to adjust the picture enlargement to their preferred viewing size . The remote is also very well laid out and easy to use .
 I got this player just a week ago and love it already . My father already had the older Toshiba SD2109 -LRB- the previous model - the SD1200 is the breand new replacement -RRB- , and it seemed good , so I followed those reviews ; see those for more detail if you want , just note the improvements in this model.The SD1200 has the same good points as the SD2109 , but adds VideoCD and CD/Video Text capabilities . I was even able to play some old VCD2 .0 tour videos from China , they worked great , no glitches ! Played Matrix fine.Video quality is superb , both on S-Video output and of course component - SV had a little less color saturation than component . Dolby Digital sounded great!Note that this player has some important features vs others
 As most of the reviews indicate , this is a very good DVD player at a bargain price . I auditioned players from Samsung and Panasonic in the same price range . Although both of those brands performed adequately , each was deficient in at least one critical area . The Samsung had a tendency to randomly skip over seconds worth of movie ; this was true of every DVD disc I played in the two-day period , ranging from recent sci-fi -LRB- Lost In Space -RRB- to an old classic -LRB- Casablanca -RRB- . The Panasonic was considerably more in price , had more features on paper , but it 's performance was not up to the task . Although it had no problem playing the discs , the video quality was not as impressive as even the cheaper Samsung . In addition , at least one of the remote functions seemed to not work -LRB- VSS , to enable the virtual surround sound feature -RRB- . Finally , in order to change settings you have to locate the proper icon -LRB- which are almost as intuitive as ancient hieroglyphics -RRB- from a series of display menus . Those items not accessible from the display menu have to be accessed through an `` action '' button.So finally to the Toshiba . I went to Amazon to read customer reviews , and noted that this Toshiba was both the top seller , and also garnered the most positive reviews . Satisfied that this component had potential , I went to a local Best Buy and asked the sales person his recommendation . Without hesitation he recommended the Toshiba for it 's top performance at a very reasonable cost . While there are other models out there with seemingly more bells and whistles , this unit will play movies flawlessly , and has the most useful features for the average consumer . Finally , Toshiba has a reputation for designing and manufacturing top-notch home electronic components . This DVD player is no exception to that rule , and furthers Toshiba 's reputation as a leader in home audio/video components.The only slight I can find with this model is the size of the remote buttons ; for the average male , the buttons are much too small and close together . But once you get past that small inconvenience you appreciate how good this player really is .
 As a lover of all things audio-video , I must say that the Toshiba SD-1200 is one fine machine . I personally own an older model SD-500 sony from two years ago , a Toshiba 2008 , toshiba 3108 , and a creative labs dvd player for my pc , and I must confess that the toshiba SD-1200 is a great player . The color reproduction from the toshiba is outstanding , and I have always felt that toshiba dvd players produce a brighter , more vibrant color scheme than any other DVD player that I have seen . The definition , and black level detail in the Toshiba SD-1200 is better than any other DVD player in that price range . The only thing that is not as good as it could be is the players in-player letterboxing . If you are like me , you watch your movie on a standard 4:3 tv which means that when you are watching an `` anamorphic '' dvd , the player must convert the picture to be displayed on your tv . The Toshiba SD-1200 has a tendency to add wavy edges to scenes that contain parallel lines that are close together . For example , in the movie aliens , the floor of the fortress they are in has many closely spaced metal divisions that can tend to look like liquid metal when the camera slowly pans over the surface . Having owned or seen many dvd players in this price range I know that this is a problem for all dvd players , but the Toshiba SD-1200 handles this problem the best . The only players that can letterbox well are the $ 600 and up players , so this should not be a knock on the Toshiba SD-1200 . The audio outputs provided great sound when I fed them into my dolby digital/DTS receiver , but the omission of an optical output may upset some people . All in all , I think that the Toshiba SD-1200 is a great deal for the price and offers great audio , and video performance .
 This thing has a noticebly better picture than my sony digital satellite sytem , even when using composite cables . The refresh rate is great . The black level expansion does wonders for some movies that have too much brightness . It makes them seem more cinematic . But for dark movies , the blacks will blend with dark blues . I do n't know how I could live without the zoom feature . It allows you to convert any widescreen movie to 4:3 . All I can say is that the picture will amaze you . My dad could even tell a huge difference and he was all the way across the room.Sound
 I 've had this player for a month , and this is an excellent machine considering the price . In fact , within its price range , I would rate it at 5 stars.Pros
 The Toshiba sd-1200 is a nice lightweight and low profile DVD player . The manual is easy to read and set up is very simple . I have n't had any problems with any DVD 's . The remote is a little small , but laid out well . Sound and picture are great . For price , this is the best value .
 The only way you will get a better DVD player is by paying double . I just bought this and the 36 '' Toshiba CZ36V61 . They work great . This entry level DVD has options that my friends do not have on their Sony or Panasonic . Minor thing I do not like is the beep when you press any button on the remote , you can turn this off in the menu . For this price , you get component connections -LRB- buy some component cables -RRB- , zoom and great hardware/software package .
 After shopping around and reading the reviews here , I decided to purchase the Toshiba 1200 . I have nothing but raves about the picture and sound . They are virtually flawless on the dozen or so DVDs I have screened so far . The black level detail is amazing . My only problem is with the remote . It has unbelievably tiny buttons with illogical placement . Also , unless you are pointing the remote directly at the machine , it does not pick up the commands . After a week of frustration , I have finally given up and begun shopping for a generic remote . That is the only major flaw in an otherwise satisfying purchase .
 I 've owned several DVD players in my search for the perefectfit . Prices have ranged from 200 to 1000 dollars and I can confidentlysay , this is the best I have run across . This DVD features some of the coolest extras I have run across , The Zoom feature rules if you hate widescreen , and are willing to give up some screen space . The picture quality is beyond anything I have seen , and the sound is amazing ! It also features a parental lock , that only works for certain DVDs , like Story of Us , but may be used in the future . It allows you to lock out some movies , and alter the rating of a R to a PG-13 audience , a nice addition ... For the money you get the best DVD player you can buy . The picture is amazing , sound is beyond anything , and you will be happy for a long time into the future , plus having bragging rights over all your buddys .
 My wife and I had finally decided to buy a DVD player , but we did not know where to start . We searched high and low on many DVD player reviews , but eventually made our way to Amazon.Com . Every site of course points to the best DVD players being in the $ 300 to $ 400 range , but we wanted to stay in the $ 200 to $ 300 range due to our budget . We were going to go with RCA because everything else we owned was RCA . But looking at the reviews , it seemed that there were way too may problems with their DVD players . We finally decided after looking thru Amazon 's DVD player reviews to go with the Toshiba SD1200 . Before we bought it we went down to the local electronics shop to see it and get a hands on perspective . The sleazy salesmen there were telling us that it was a very bad DVD player and we trying to get us to buy a $ 400 Pioneer DVD player that had all the fancy features and sound options . But we still went with the Toshiba DVD SD1200 and we are very happy with it . The Matrix plays in the DVD player just fine as with any other DVD 's we have . The sound just jumps out at us even with our small home stereo system we have . This DVD player is great and has all types of features we never knew it really had . I have had no problems playing any type of DVD 's and even rentals . Although I clean the rentals with a cleaner before I put them into the DVD player . The DVD player boasts a zoom feature that is pretty neat , but when you zoom the picture starts looking like a VHS picture , so it is not too effective . You do n't have the optical outputs , but I have heard those come loose easily . You get S-Video , composite and traditional RCA out , although if you use the RCA out , what is the purpose of buying a DVD player ? Use the Composite or S-Video , or you will be missing some of the big picture . Did I mention the sound was incredible ? We have a small Sony Mini Stereo System and the sounds screams at us even through our outdated stereo hardware . I can only imagine with fear what the sound will be like when we upgrade to a Mini Home theater system , we will more than likely get kicked out of the apartment complex . One last thing , this DVD Player is the best first time buyer -LRB- that 's me -RRB- I have found where you want to keep your within your budget .
 This single tray DVD player is awesome ! It accepts all my disk ! I am very happy I bought this one vs the panasonic 5 disk . Save your money buy this one .
 So far , I 'm very pleased with this DVD player , but it does n't come with , nor mention in the manual , that if you have an older television without the S - or component - video imputs , you may also need to purchase a RF Modulator/Switch -LRB- available at Radio Shack -- Cat . #
 This DVD has the best quality and the best price it hardly has any problems at all . It 's a good price also .
 Here 's a great big `` Thanks ! '' to everyone who mentioned The Matrix DVD in their review . I recently bought a computer with a DVD-ROM drive . EVERY single time , without fail , that I try to watch this DVD , my computer acts like someone poured a glass of water into its guts . I thought it was just my computer -LRB- the brand of DVD-ROM will remain unmentioned ... -RRB- . I am definitely buying this player !
 This is a review of your price structure . Is it $ 200.00 as the list price & $ 249.99 for your price as you have stated . If so I would like to buy it for the list price please .
 I made the mistake of purchasing a Samsung player , which basically died within 2 months . While doing research for a replacement , I noticed that lots of people had wonderful things to say about the Toshiba brands . So I decided to purchase one and hope for the best.Well I 've got nothing but good things to say.This little player is really light , but do n't let that fool you . It has played all my DVDs with perfection , and has n't failed me yet . The picture is wonderful , and the sound is pretty good as well . A couple of my discs that would freeze or skip on the Samsung player , work just fine on the Toshiba . That was when I realized that I made a good choice.I love the on-screen setup menus , which allow you to see the picture on the movie that you 're watching while adjusting the settings . It 's a nice little drop down menu from the top of the screen , with very nice icons that are easy to understand . Other players -LRB- * cough * Samsung * cough * -RRB- just blank out the picture while the setup menu takes up the entire screen . You can imagine how frustrating it can be when going back and forth repeatedly from the picture and setup screen , while fine tuning the settings.Many people complain about the remote control that comes with this player , but I do n't really have a problem with it . Any remote that does n't use that annoying little joystick is alright with me . Actually , Toshiba has a SD-1600 model , which , I believe are exclusive to wholesale club type stores . It 's basically the same as this SD-1200 model , but with a better remote control . Try to find that model if the remote is really an issue for you , or just pick up a universal remote right here on Amazon for a few bucks.This is good player to buy if you 're new to DVD , or are looking to add a low-cost reliable system to another room in your home . Toshiba is known for great picture and sound , so you ca n't go wrong with them . As an added bonus , they 've got a good warranty for it . It 's good to know that I can get my player repaired for free at a local Toshiba certified service center if anything happens .
 This is a great DVD player ! I was looking for a lower priced DVD player under or around $ 250 , and this one is well worth the money I spent on it . I highly recommend it.Also , do n't listen to any of the complaints about this player , the people that are complaining are very very picky . I hardly even noticed the beep , and you can turn it off anyway . And the controller is n't too small . It 's small , but is still very useable . Even with these two minor details , that 's still not an excuse enough to not buy this great DVD player . If you 're looking for a player under $ 300 , this is a very good choice .
 I definetly recommend you wait for this item to become back in stock , because it is absolutley amazing . The picture quality is astounding , the sound is even better ! The only problem is the remote . It 's buttons are way to small for human use , and they are placed very unconveiniently . But that 's not why you buy a DVD player , is it ; so that you can have a really good remote , then you have problems . So pretty much this is the best picture quality -LRB- especially on WWF DVD 's -RRB- and sound you can get for anywhere near the price , so just wait for more of this product to come in , and you 'll be in DVD heaven . Or check at Sears , that 's where I got mine .
 For the price , this is the absolute best entry level unit on the market . Yeah , the remote could be a little better , but it gets the job done and is lightweight . The digital audio out is a feature not found on many players in this price rnage , and the choice of outputs -LRB- S-video , component , or composite -RRB- is a nice touch . I have not had any problems with any DVD 's to date in the three weeks I 've owned this machine . I have always had good luck with Toshiba products -LRB- my computer 's DVD drive and my main VCR are Toshiba products -RRB- . I highly recommend this player for anyone looking into a DVD player .
 Very solid performance from a quality player ... . This player works very well - quiet drive mechanism , rock-sold pause and zoom , and I love the screen-darkening to make movies look less gray-ish if you choose . I have this hooked up via s-video and I am very happy with the picture . Yes , the remote is made for people with toothpicks for fingers but I can live with it . You really can not get more bang for your buck . Get this one - the choice is clear .
 I recently purchased the Toshiba SD12000 DVD Player . I have been looking for a high quality DVD player . I researched a great deal and read all of the Amazon.com reviews before I made my final decision.This DVD player is simple to set-up provided your television is fairly new and matches the color-coded wires . If not , you will need to purchase an RF adapter -LRB- a small unit about $ 30.00 -RRB- . The picture is as clear as can be and surround sound in Dolby stereo will create your own personal home theater . I have not had one problem since my purchase.I have played several movies I have ordered from Amazon.com and they play beautifully.I highly recommend this product.Tricia Marrapodi
 I already posted a glowing review . One more superlative is in order . When I had some questions concerning the unit , I called the toll free number posted on the Toshiba web site , and immediately was able to speak to a friendly customer service rep. The questions were answered , and I was impressed . They even offered to mail me a rebate for free rentals from Netflix that I noticed while on their web site.And by the way , the player is excellent !
 This DVD player is fantastic . The picture quality is sharp and impressive compared to other DVD players I have seen . The picture quality coupled with fantastic zoom , angle and slow motion feature made this purchase even better . The ease of use of this product is also terrific . The set up program is small and easily walked through . The remote control is well thought out and is so easy to operate you almost do not need the manual . The unit itself is light weight and sleek looking . It has S-video capabilities and easily fits into any home entertainment system . The crisp clear audio is also an added benefit . This is the most affordable unit I have seen and the quality is on par with DVD players three times its price .
 A previous reviewer warned about the nasty feature in which the DVD player will beep after everything you do . Yes , it is annoying , but it 's easy to turn off -LRB- look in the manual -RRB- . Otherwise , I ca n't say anything that has n't already been said in other reviews . The sound and video are great .
 Toshiba is a good product . I have had not problems with my purchase . It is reliable and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I bought the SD1200 over 21/2 yeaers ago and was immediatly impressed with both the picture and sound quality of this unit . The ColorStream output is spectacular when using component video cables . When hooked up to my home theatre system with an Onkyo receiver , the digital 5.1 and DTS modes are simply awesome . This DVD player has played 99.9 % of all disks Ive put into it error free . My only complaints are the lack on an optical output and the small buttons on the remote . If not for these minor issues I would have given it a 5 star rating ! As far as durabilaty , my player has for sure played at least 500 dvd 's , and still performs as good as the day I bought it . I paid around -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for this player back in 2000 , but to get it now for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- is just too sweet !
 This DVD player is amazing ! It has great sound quality , good graphics , VERY easy to use and set up , and its kinda ' cheap to ! I love it it 's amazing . I would definently recoment it to y' all .
 Having begun my DVD experience four months ago with my new Compaq computer w/10X player , I was hooked . It was the crisp picture and especially , the special features available on most disks . My next purchase was a Sharp DV600U that , like my DVD player on my Compaq , played all the difficult disks -LRB- reda
 I looked around for probably 3 months and 2 dozen different players and I chose the SD1200 . It is a great mid range player with all the features.I personally do n't think the remote is as bad as many say and I do n't have small hands at all . The button are on the smaller side , but no smaller than any other remote.Also , for the person who said the skip backwards button does n't work with Audio CDs , they do work . You have to press the button two times for the SD1200 to skip back to the previous song.I 'd definately recommend the Toshiba SD1200 to anyone looking for a great quality dvd player for good price !
 This is a very good DVD player with a bargain price . The picture and sound quality is flawless . It offers features which are offered for a much higher price in the other DVDs . I decided on this product after reading great reviews on Amazon and I am happy that the decision was a right one . The remote control is however not very handy .
 Very easy set-up . Incredible picture and sound . Lots of great features . The remote does have small buttons , but I am not having a problem with it . This is a great DVD player -- especially if this is your first one . One of the best purchases I have made in a long time ! Definitely worth it !
 This is the best DVD player you can get and it has a good price , it has a triple zoom so you can get in close on things you have always wanted to see beter in movies , I went over to my friends house and his DVD player -LRB- A Genral Electric -RRB- didnt even have a zoom , the remote is small which I like insted of a big clunky one you will not be disapointed with this trust me everything about it is perfict .
 I bought this dvd and was amazed to have used it for many hours with no skiping and great quality every time . great entry level price ! I think you should buy if your looking at a dvd .
 I have been reading lots of reviews before I purchased this DVD player a month ago . I agree with most of them - it 's a great player and I do recommend it . However , I can not comment on other players , like those from Sony or Pioneer etc. . I wonder how people who purchase one product can say that other ones are not as good as this one.Back to SD 1200 . Good panel , great performance , horrible remote . I would recommend to either use remote that came with TV or receiver , or purchase universal remote . You will be frustrated trying to zoom , pause etc. in the dark . Nearly impossible ! Rows and rows of same size tiny buttons ; Pause button is not even next to Play . I noticed that Sony has by far the best remotes on their DVD players . I purchased Toshiba because I had very good experience with their products so far.Bottom line
 This is one of those wonderful exceptions where cheap simplicity equals perfection in a product . I say cheap because it 's one of the most economically priced DVD players out there . Any excuse to put off buying a DVD player will go bye bye really fast when you see this player in action.It is a fully featured player with top notch build quality . It has passed every test I 've put it through so far -LRB- the Matrix was a walk in the park -RRB- . I have yet to see a single compression particle during any movie . The picture quality is superb , the sound is perfect , and the interface is simple . The on screen controls as well as the remote are well laid out and easy to follow . And did I mention the price was CHEAP!In conclusion , there is no reason for you not to buy this player . Do n't waste your money on anything more expensive unless you need some obscure feature that some 900 dollar player offers and goes well with your 6000 dollar B&W speakers . The more expensive Sony players do n't come near to this one . GO BUY IT !
 But I know what I like . For the price this is a great little DVD player . I was n't aware until recently that some people consider the DVD of The Matrix to be a challenge . That was until I saw it on someone else 's DVD player . My little Toshiba SD-1200 handled it perfectly with clear , well-defined picture and great sound . I have had no problems with this DVD player and really have no complaints about it as long as my remote works . Yes , I would like to be able to access the operations without having to use the remote . Otherwise , I am extremely well satisfied and would highly recommend this DVD player to anyone who wants great performance at a low price .
 I 've been contemplating a home theater DVD player for a while . I 've seen them all . The ONLY one I can say that is the best with the most features for the price is this one . The Toshiba SD1200 . The zoom feature is cool if you do n't like the `` wide-screen '' version and it 's compatable with most TV 's and Receivers . No need to get rid of VCR or Playstation , just connect to receiver , and connect receiver to TV . Great sound this way too . There are better one 's out there of you really want to pay $ 600.00 or more . This one is better that just about all of the $ 450.00 DVD players and under .
 I was shocked to find a high quality name brand player at this price with DTS out , component video out , and lots of other bells and whistles -LRB- zoom , expanded black level , etc. -RRB- . It compares very favorably with my 1 year old + Pioneer 414 , which cost me $ 100 more . Its ease of use and features had me banish the Pioneer to my bedroom !
 This DVD player is as good as the reviewers write about it . Ihave ordered another one for my 82 year old father after he saw the picture quality and the sound quality using Monster S video cable ... it is worth the wait for a great DVD player at an affordable price.This unit was one of only a few players specifically mentioned by Consumer Reports magazine as a good buy.Enjoy !
 I bought this player about two weeks ago and I am very impressed . Priced as an entry level DVD player this player has all the features anyone should need . I have mine hooked up to a Toshiba T50Z51 50-inch projection television with the component video inputs and the picture quality is impressive . An optical audio output should have been included on this player but the digital coaxial output works fine . -LRB- make sure your receiver is compatible -RRB- The three stage fast forward and reverse will make finding your favorite part in any movie a breeze and the zoom feature will allow you to examine fine details up close . As others have complained , larger buttons on the remote would have been nice but the compact size is welcome for some who have 4 or more remote controls for their home theater setup.I would recommend this DVD player to anyone .
 Just wanted to counter the strangely negative review of this fine prouct for `` beeping '' . It only beeps for users who have not read the manual and learned how to use their product .
 I 've searched this product for a couple of weeks and compared it toseveral other brands . It looks like the best three models are ToshibaSD1200 , Sony DVPS330 , and Pioneer DV525 . However the best value is the Toshiba SD1200 . A great review site I used was audioreview where I read hundreds of reviews on several products . To see reviews on the Toshiba SD1200 go to the Toshiba SD2109 which is the old version of the product from last year .
 gr8 4 my purpose , however not the best quality image , but if i had a need 4 this type of unit i would purchase again
 I purchased this as well as two other sizes . They work great for keeping all my family portrait pictures in one place .
 I needed a spot to keep all my 5x7 pictures of my son . I purchased three ... one for myself , my mother and my mother-in-law . Now we 've got a super easy , organized way to keep pictures clean and ready to show at a moment 's notice . I 've been able to toss it into a purse to bring along to show friends and family I have n't seen in a while . Definitely would recommend ! Very sleek and the pages are bound very well .
 All black in color with cloth edging on binding and removable black background sheet in each sleeve , available in 10 sizes from 4x6 to 18x24 . Sleeves are permanently attached to flexible cover , stiff enough to stand vertically -LRB- longterm -RRB- on shelf only in smaller sizes -LRB- I purchased 4 sizes
 Nice portfolio . The cover and backing not quite what I had expected . For the cost it will provide what I need it for .
 Exactly as described - was what I was looking for - a not so fancy place to store & keep extra pictures ! Looks great next to everything it sits by . Thanks for the great description & great product .
 i got the cheepest shipping and it came so fast!i was imprressed with the quality of these items for such a cheap priceorder them while thiere in stock !
 ... Sometimes you get much , much more ! That is the case with these little Itoya `` profolios '' these are awesome ! I got a couple 5x7 portfolios just to see how they were not having my hopes set too high on them because the price was so good . . I figured `` something had be wrong with them ! '' well when I got my package the other day and opened it up I was surprised ! I 've seen other portfolios in local stores for easily triple the price of these and some of them even less quality . The only thing I do n't like about these and why I only gave them four stars is the fact that the actual plastic sleeves are a little thin . . but for this price I can easily overlook this . . in fact I 'll be ordering more shortly !
 All those photos I had in frames , need a place to go when I update the frame with a current 5/7 photo . This album is great for that , keeps memories neat and safe . Great price and service too . Thank you .
 This portfolio is fantastic . It 's great quality and a great price . Photos slip in easily and do n't get damaged like some other portfolios I 've used .
 I LIKED THIS TO ENCLOSE SOME PHOTOS I HAD PUT AWAY . . IN MAKING UP A PORTFOLIO OF 8X10 PHOTOS , I CHOSE THIS ONE TOO TO MAKE UP A SMALLER PHOTO PORTFOLIO AND WORKED OUT JUST RIGHT ...
 I love these ! I have been the 8 X 10 pictures of my kids in these ! They are reasonably priced and very sturdy . GREAT BUY !
 These are so perfect to store my daughters photos as we go along gathering them . We ca n't have 30 frames around the house and this keeps them all together safely and in a very nice presentation . Love this ! I also ordered 8 x 10 's as well and they are great too !
 I wanted a larger , more powerful unit that what I usually see marketed in sonic cleaners . This one had the wattage and larger-sized bin for which I was looking . It arrived in a factory box , packed carefully for shipping . Everything was new and sealed . An included kit came with a tray for small parts , a clip for cleaning watch bands and a dvd-cleaning accessory.The outside is clean and simple in design , not fussy and can easily be wiped clean , there 's no fancy bevels or buttons to catch dirt . It 's a little bigger than a two-slot toaster , but lower and wider . It 's bigger than I thought , but not unwieldy . I keep it in my laundry/workroom so I can leave it out and readily accessible . The unit would store easily on a shelf , cupboard or deep drawer.The instructions , while having some minor English grammatical issues are simple and straightforward , not that operating the unit is rocket science.There are two buttons for controlling the unit 's function-a timer which works in five minute increments and a power button.Pay attention to the warnings in the instructions and you wo n't have any problems . Do n't over - or under - fill the unit , do n't use harsh chemicals and mind the guidelines about pearls , loose fittings , things that are supposedly waterproof , etc. . Pay attention to the warning to clean eyeglasses for no more than five minutes ! I stripped some of the anti-glare coating off of mine , but that is my own fault for ignoring the directions . This is operator error and can in no way be blamed on the unit . = -RRB- Unlike some other posters , I did not find the unit overly loud . It 's quieter than my hairdryer , at any rate.The unit cleans well . It has already earned its cost back twice -- by managing to clean my impossibly disgusting -LRB- despite my best efforts to clean and maintain them -RRB- retainers . The unit not only saved me a the cost of an office visit to my orthodontist , but lab fees and the cost of new retainers as well . I 've also used it with great success on rings , earrings , dvd 's and cd 's . I noticed a few people had units fail . My unit was shipped marked `` Fragile '' . Based on how the mechanical parts of these units work , I would n't be suprised if rough handling in the mail caused the units to break down . Mine is zzzzzzzzz ` ing along nicely.All in all , I 'm very happy with my cleaner .
 I purchased this jewelry cleaner for my wife for Christmas and it is Fantastic !!!!! This is a great product . It cleans like you would not believe . It is perfect !!!! For previous reviewer . Get a Grip Man !!! The Garage ??? Please !!! Are n't we just a little snooty for someone who only dropped $ 50 on a jewelry cleaner ? When you can spend hundreds of dollars and not do much better ? This is not your standard wimpy consumer cleaner made of plastic . If you read the specifications then you know that the transducer has twice the power of most home units -LRB- 60 Watts instead of 30 Watt , even the other units with stainless steel tanks under $ 100 -RRB- . So , it may be a little louder than a 30 Watt unit but , as jewelry cleaners go , it is not all that loud quite frankly . My Sonicare tooth brush is louder . If you have used one of these things before you know they are not perfectly silent . Draping a doubled over towel over it will dampen the noise a bit , however . And the extra power makes all the difference in the world when it comes to cleaning your jewelry . Plus a timer that goes up to 30 minutes for dental ware is great . My wife has those clear retainer things and it does a fantastic job of cleaning them . You would not believe the stuff that came off of my stainless steel watch band . Oh , and by the way , plain old tap water with a little detergent or ammonia will do just fine -LRB- unless you have some incredibly mineral laden well water -RRB- . There is no reason to use de-ionized water . But I am sure it would not hurt either . This machine is far superior to others in the same price range . You are not going to get a Cadillac for the price of a Pinto . But this thing is more like a Muscle Car , which suits me just fine . It has got it where it counts !!! If silent is what you want stick to dips and a brush and get so-so clean jewelry .
 If you need an ultrasonic for cleaning the ` family jewels ' , this is an excellent choice . It is no louder then any other sonics I have worked with , even a bit quieter . I was trying to replace the sonic my parents had for YEARS -LRB- they ran a jewelry business -RRB- . I would n't necessairly recommend this unit for a heavy business use , but for most applications , I think it works well . And it cleans FABULOUSLY ! I do recommend trying the mixture mentioned previously of a * small * bit of ammonia and a drop or three of Dawn dishwashing liquid with warm water as your solution .
 I bought this cleaner and I could n't be happier with the results ! The only problem I had with it was that I put my eyeglasses in it-set the timer-and forgot about them . When the machine stopped I took out my glasses-it took some of the paint off of the frames ! Now when I clean my glasses I just dip them in with the cleaner running . I do n't feel that it is loud like a previous buyer said . I would -LRB- and have -RRB- recommend this one to anyone out there that takes pride in how their jewelry looks !!!
 After reading the reviews here I decided to take a plunge . I had originally purchase a Haire ultrasonic cleaner , but it quickly broke , as the control buttons on the lid ceased working . The first thing I liked about this was that the buttons were on the front of the machine and , thus , negated the potential for the hinging action of the lid to cause problems with the electronics . Plus , I also liked the large capacity and the ability to clean CD/DVD disks.As one reviewer noted , and I agree , do n't fear the box . It does come covered in Asian writing , and makes you wonder about its authenticity , however it is a better-than-average device.I immediately threw my diamonds in the tank and started it . Like the other reviews say , it is loud . It did n't really bother me much , as I set it and left the room . Warm water and a tiny bit of soap brought my channel set rounds and baguettes to a jewelry store brilliance . It really did a fine job cleaning my stainless steel watch with pave set diamonds as well.I used the device again with professional jewelry cleaning solution obtained from a friend in the business , and it made even more of a difference.I 'd give it 5 stars , but it is kind of big and loud ... nothing is perfect , but I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 This was a gift for my wife , but she is yet to try it out on her rings because she is a little skeptical . It must be because the box has Japanese all over it and we 're not used to seeing stuff like that here in America . Do n't worry , the directions are fully in English ... and actually have nice little drawings in the directions . I first tried it out on my glasses . Wow ... I had DIRTY glasses ... green stuff in the eye-piece and almost stained yellow lenses . This little beauty of a machine cleaned it all off ! -LRB- and did n't take any paint away from the frames -RRB- . Against my white shirt you can only see the slightest hint of yellow , while before it looked almost brown.So just now I tried cleaning my wedding band -LRB- which has two small grooves -RRB- . This machine is so cool . You can SEE the dirt rising off your item ! It 's kind of gross to think of how dirty your stuff is , but really satisfying to actually SEE it get cleaned.The buzzing noise is kind of a pain for my wife , but I 'm like , `` if it cleans well ... it 's worth it . '' She agrees.The reason I went with an Ultrasonic cleaner was because of a jeweler in a mall that used one and how awesome it cleaned my wife 's engagement ring ... bling bling . He said he uses a small amount of `` Mr. Clean '' in the water as well . I 've yet to try that , however ... but probably will in the near future.I give two thumbs up .
 GOT THIS LAST CHRISTMAS FOR MY DAUGHTER , SHE LOVES IT , HAS HAD NO PROBLEMS AT ALL . DOES A GREAT JOB .
 Sometimes falls short on oily dirt in the nooks and crannies.Def . worth $ 50 though .
 I use this unit to teach beginners how to clog . The ability to easily slow down or speed up the music instantly comes in very handy for my purposes . Bought a used unit on Ebay that had trouble reading the CD-Rs I had made.This unit is faster and more reliable than the Gemini CDJ-02 and I got it for a good price on Amazon .
 I purchased this album to use as a `` brag '' book to take to work . So many of the options out there are big and bulky . This was perfect ; I can carry up to 48 photos in a sleek black album that takes up minimal space in my work bag . The cover is a stiff vinyl - not a hard cover , but protective enough for my purposes .
 Economical and great quality makes Itoya Archival Portfolios perfect for storage and presentation . The front and back covers are constructed of durable vinyl . Interior pages are made of a clear polypropolene . Black acid free mounting pages are included . Up to 48 photographs are easily stowed in the pocket pages . Due to the soft vinyl exterior covers I would highly recommend flat storage .
 I am very happy with this product . It is exactly what I needed and was in great condition.I got it 3 days after I ordered it .
 Upside :1 . Small , sleek , sturdy design2 . If you use the lanyard , there is almost no chance the drive will fall off the attached capDownside1 . No U3 Software Capabilities2 . Because the cap locks on so well , it can be difficult to remove , especially since the material is very slick . It 's hard to get a good grip on it.I have only owned it for a few days , so maybe with more use the cap/drive attachment would break in a little .
 It does the job . My son uses it for school work . It also had a like string to use it around the neck -LRB- great for him since he forgets everything -RRB- Overall a good reliable product .
 so far these work just fine at a loss less price than most ... I love the white color , makes them easily disguinshed from others .
 These items work well in FAT32 format . They are easy to use and the hang around your neck capability is a nice little feature as well . But for the size of the stick , I found them to be a bit costly .
 I ordered three of these and two arrived in basic retail packaging and one was wrapped in a flimsy bubble wrap and thin cardboard . I plugged it into my macbook and it worked fine . The caps do seem to stick and difficult to pull off sometimes . I guess this is a good thing , you know it wo n't fall off ! LOL
 I 've been using this device for the past three months now and its functioning has been excellent . Data transfer is really fast with a USB2 port . Never had no problem and I use it quite often . I just cant live without it now , Its always hangin on my neck and ppl call me the cruzer man . With a silver colored strap and touch of light green on its milky white body , its an ornament in ur neck.ripper.Update
 This provides much better power than my old battery ever did , but it sticks out the back a lot . My old hardcase dosnt fit anymore , I had to go back to the fake leather case it originally came with .
 I am glad I found this . Works like a charm . I have put it though many charging cycles and it 's still holding a great charge . If your looking for an extended battery this is a great product !
 I have a Dell Axim x30 624Mhz . I have installed 16 different programs in it and I use it all the time . With this battery I do n`t have to worry about charging it or carrying my charger ! it makes a big difference now!Thanks Osprey and Amazon !
 Bought this battery for my Axim X30 624Mhz . Have n't owned the battery all that long but I did do a bit of testing and got more then twice the battery life on my Axim . -LRB- About 9 hours usage time as a text file/ebook reader vs 4 hours with stock 950 MaH battery . -RRB- Fits in the original Dell case that I have and fits in the original cradle just fine . -LRB- Both alone and attached to the Axim . -RRB- It will take longer to charge because of the increased capacity . -LRB- But you wo n't have to charge it quite as often so IMHO it balances out . -RRB- It 's got a very snug fit , so it took some time to get the thing on . On the other hand , that makes me less worried about it coming off it I were to drop the Axim . Not sure why it 's called an X1111 battery , it should be considered a W1359 equivalent . -LRB- In other words , it 's an alternative to the Dell 1800 MaH extended battery which looks much the same . -RRB- The X1111 is the stock 950 MaH battery that 's flush with the back of the case . -LRB- AKA the smaller Axim battery . :-RRB- -RRB- Keep in mind that not all cases may work with the extended battery . The original Dell case is one that does . -LRB- And that 's probably why they made the sides elastic , to fit their 1800 MaH version . -RRB-
 I 'll keep it short and sweet . . It works as advertised and more . I love it , and I just ordered two more so I have a good lead time before needing recharging . The ONLY drawback is that the battery extends from the back of the body so it might not fit some cases , but they are available for it and tell you they will fit the extended battery.My advice is '' Try it , you 'll like it .
 Much longer life than the originals that I bought with the device . I was skeptical , but am very pleased . The PDA with the fat battery even still fits in the original leather flip case I got for the X30 .
 ordered this battery to replace the spare main battery for my Dell X30 . Battery was received in a very timely fashion and dropped right in my Dell . It took charge within the expected time frame and has proven very satisfactory .
 How can a battery be awesome ? I recharged my old battery every day at work . Sometimes I had to recharge it on Monday mornings to be able to use it . This new battery only needs to be charged once a WEEK . I saw it was twice a powerful -LRB- 2000mAh -RRB- I did n't realize it would be twice as thick . It sticks out from the back of my pda about 1/4 inch . That 's why the hole is in it , so you can still access the battery release . My pda case is tighter now but it is able to accomodate the extra 1/4 inch .
 Works better than expected . With regular use , the battery can last a couple of weeks . Put life back into this `` aged '' device that I was contemplating getting rid of . Definitely recommended ... just be aware that the battery is larger than original .
 Shipping was fast and the battery works perfect . All in all it was a simple/efficient transaction .
 I ordered this battery for my Dell Axim X30 . I had no trouble mounting it to the PDA . I have a soft leather case , so the extra bump in the back was no problem . For the same chemistry -LRB- Li-poly -RRB- , a higher capacity pack is just going to be larger ; you have to be able to accept that . Also , charge time is proportionately longer ; no gettng around that either . The battery seems to work well and give much longer life . After 2.5 - 3 hrs of continuous use running a baseball scoring program , it only used 1/3 of the capacity . The stock cell would barely make it through 7 innings . I do not have wireless networking on this PDA , so I ca n't speak to battery life with Wi-Fi running . I did n't notice any heat problems during charging or continuous use . I would certainly recommend this for anyone who needs to be away form their charger for any length of time.The seller shipped promptly and included a coupon for future purchases .
 The battery in my PDA died ; replaced it with this one . Good price , fast shipping , works great . I would buy from this company again , AAA + + + .
 It is an expensive item for what it is , although after it is put on the LCD screen , you can hardly notice that the protector is on the screen . Get it right the first time because even though they claim it is reusable , it does n't look the same as when it was first put on . It is worth the money though and we have bought the same product for different type screens . Great protection , great product .
 I shoot all my video on my sony dscw1 . Even with two 1GB memory sticks I need to dump the footage somewhere . If I am camping or on vacation , this little gem is the perfect device . I always have my Hi MD player with me anyway . I dump my footage to a six dollar Md disc and shoot more video . The process is a bit slow but might be necessary . If you are just shooting pics then you might want to just buy a bigger memory card , but for video , this thing is a life saver .
 This is a very niche product -- it 's for people already using Hi-MD who also use a digital camera . I bought it because I hate to tote a laptop on vacation just to upload photos . But with an 8 megapixel camera , I fill up memory cards fast.For me , the math is easy . A $ 2 blank MD holds the entire contents of my 256 MB xD card . So I only have to carry the MCM-DR1 and my minidisc recorder , which I always carry on vacation anyway so I can listen to tunes . When my card gets full , I pop the pics onto an MD and then I 'm ready to go again.Sure , one of the new hard disc picture viewer/storage devices would do the same thing , and better , but at much more cost.If you do n't already own a Hi-MD recorder , or are n't already into minidisc , then I do n't recommend it . But if you own a Hi-MD -LRB- or intend to upgrade -RRB- , and want an easy way to store or backup the contents of memory cards -LRB- it accepts most major formats including SD , xD , MemoryStick and CF -RRB- without having to tote around a laptop , then I ca n't recommend it highly enough.It 's simple and it works , doing exactly what it promises to . My only complaint is that it can be a little slow when you 've got a few hundred megabytes to transfer -LRB- darn USB 1.1 -RRB- .
 Now you can transfer data from your Memory Stick/Pro-duo using this product to your Hi-MD without a computer . An electronic device that is smaller that what I had expected which is a plus carrying all those electronic gears . The only reason why I did not give it a 5 star rating is it only goes one way . Memory stick -- > Hi-MD . Otherwise , it is a must-to-have for Hi-MD owners .
 Easy to deal with it.Easy to carry on.Easy to keep all your memory sticks empty and ready when you travel , I , ve travel with my Sony photos and video equipment.Get it Now , and keep your memories ready for that Shot !
 I am very happy with the flatscreen mount , my only complaint is I had to purchase longer bolts to use the spacers with my 50 inch panasonic tv . Becasue the TV had a bump out at the bottom and a 2 inch clearance at the top , I was forced to use both spacers with longer bolts than were suppplied . With the TV plug location , I also had to relocate an outlet above the bracket as opposed to directly below it . Overall I am very satisfied with the product so far and feel it provides a very secure mount for my television .
 I purchased this mount in April 2008 , from Amazon for $ 18.42 . It is a basic mount , and great value . Sturdily built , easy to mount on a stud . The product description fails to mention that all required hardware is included in the package , all required screws , masonry anchors , etc. . Great value for a basic mount .
 I was concerned about doing this project myself . Easy and trouble-free ! Do it !
 Received the flatscreen mount in perfect condition and it was easy to install . Works great !
 Purchased this to hang a 32 &#34; LCD in our child 's bedroom . It 's come with TONS of hardware to accommodate nearly any installation scenario . Heck , folks at NASA would be able to send it to the International Space Station and have the proper screw/bolts to make it work.Couldn ' t ask for a better value . Keep it going Amazon.com !
 easy to install -LRB- just need to find studs in wall -RRB- , great simple tv mount , priced right , promptly shipped , would recommend
 Very easy installation , sturdy & perfect for close-to-wall mounting of televisions or monitors ! I am extremely pleased and I recommend this wall mount !
 I bought this for about $ 20 . It 's pretty basic in that it does n't tilt , extend , etc. . However , it 's pretty slim . Any closer to the wall and I 'd have problems with the plugs on my plasma.Installation was easy . It came with every kind of screw and part that I could need to mount my tv.It 's also designed to be secured with little bars that you can insert into the sides . I have n't gone the extra step of actually using a lock to , you know , lock it . However , it appears to be an option.It 's also pretty adjustable in order to raise or lower the tv -LRB- or move left or right -RRB- without having to drill more holes .
 I bought 37 '' flatscreen TVs for my sons at Christmas . The TVs were expensive and then I remembered they would need mounting brackets . I checked locally and could n't find any for under $ 100 . I was thrilled when I located them through Amazon.com for under $ 50 each . I received them in less than 4 days -LRB- in time for Christmas -RRB- . My sons had no trouble installing them and now enjoy their TVs mounted on the wall . This was a great product and the service was fantastic .
 Very pleased with the product that I received and would definitely buy it again and would recommend it to others .
 Bought to replace my original hood for the 17-40 f/4L which I broke . It 's expensive for a hood , but everything Canon sells is expensive ...
 Well I kinda wanted to buy a generic but decided to pony up and get a OEM part . I did n't want to buy this hood again .
 This lens hood is easy to put on the lens and does what it is meant to do . It does , however take up a lot of space in my bag .
 Attaches easily to the lens but I dont always use it because it must be removed to put into my bag .
 The Canon EW83E is the proper hood for the Canon EF 16-35mm f/2 .8 L Canon SLR Lens . It works as advertised and was shipped promptly . As with the other non-L Canon lenses , I feel that Canon should have included the hood with the lens , given the high price of the lens . The hood is essential for avoiding loss of contrast through ambient light induced flare .
 Easy to put on and take off . Good quality . Exactly the same as the original hood came with the Canon 17-40mm F4 lens that I lost .
 I do n't get the endless stream of complaints about the price of this hood . First , it costs less than thirty Dollars , and not fifty Dollars . No matter , as it is worth either price . Of course , it is plastic . So are many modern guns . Plastic is not a dirty word if it is applied correctly . This hood is very well made , very intricate in design , and a joy to use.If you only do indoor photography , leave the hood in the bag . If you do outdoor , or nightime photography , this hood will save your bacon more often then not . It is a steal in terms of what it will do for you . If you have ever dropped an SLR with a good sized lens , you know that they tend to hit the ground lens first . This plastic lens hood not only took the impact of a three foot drop , but it survived intact , and the 10-22 mm S lens it was attached to was untouched . In the past , a metal lens hood would take the impact and die , and the lens usually suffered some damage as well . Canon hoods are awesome , and I prefer plastic over metal when it is protecting a lens that took weeks of saving to afford.One more important point . If you are interested in a lens hood , you care about details . Buy the best protective UV filters that you can afford for all of your lenses . Canon filters are mostly consumer junk . Most filters are junk for that matter . Always buy a filter that is multi-coated on both surfaces , and for a wide ange lens -LRB- or zoom -RRB- , buy a thin multi-coated filter . Rather than reinvent the wheel here , I suggest that you visit the Hoya website for a fine tutorial on filter tech . Hoya Pro 1 super multi coated filters are affordable , and very fine in quality . There are better filters out there , but the Hoya site has a great tutorial . Read it , and be an informed consumer .
 Hoods offer several benefits to the photographer . Primarily the hood shades the lens from stray light that may result in an unwanted discoloration or hazing of the image , or the appearance of lens flare . Shading your lens helps improve contrast and image quality . A hood is not required to eliminate these problems , as any item used to shade the lens will provide the same protection from stray light . The hood is convenient in that it is built to offer protection while ensuring that it will not inadvertently find its way into your image.Photographers often state the protective abilities of a hood as a reason to have one . This hood being a solid petal shaped one and three quarters inch long offers limited protection from keeping moisture and wind blown debris off the from lens element . When in place , the hood can protect the lens from impacting solid objects . Being so shallow and petal shaped , even this type of protection is limited . Even if the protection is limited , replacing a damaged hood is usually cheaper than repairing an expensive L lens.This hood is manufactured for theCanon EF 16-35mm f/2 .8 L USM ultra wide angle zoomandCanon EF 17-40mm f/4L USM ultra wide angle zoom ; which normally comes included with these lenses when sold new . There is no need to buy one for the L series lenses as Amazon often suggests.Since the hood is wider than the lens ; it can easily be stored attached in a reverse position . This does n't add to the length of the lens , but does make it wider by about an inch . An inch may not seem like a lot , but in a tightly packed camera bag , it is huge . This lens is n't unusually wide so the extra inch may not be a problem.While the protective benefits exist , they are secondary and limited . I find the impact the hood has on my image quality to be the more convincing reason to use a hood . Considering the impact on image quality and the low cost as compared to my other camera equipment -LRB- except for a lens case -RRB- , purchasing a hood is money well spent.PROS : Improves contrast and image qualityReduces lens flare problemsOffers limited protection to the lensCONS : Takes up more space in your camera bag to store with the lens
 Using either on EF 16-35mm lenses or EF-S 10-22mm lenses -LRB- on 20D or Rebel bodies with 1.6 x crop factor -RRB- this hood helps to eliminate -LRB- I mean reduce a lot -RRB- the flare on sunny days or certain lightning conditions ... . highly recommended for those who like to shot at the lower end -LRB- 16mm -RRB- of these lenses .
 I 'm using this hood for the Canon EF-S 10-22mm lens on a 20D . It 's a bit shocking how big this hood is until you realize it 's really necessary for the very wide field of view . On the Canon 20D , the lens is equivalent to the EF 16-35mm f2 .8 , only it 's f3.5-4 .5 . Bottom line is that it does the trick and is made to the same good quality as the rest of Canon 's stuff .
 I already had this lens shade as it came with my 16-35mm L lens . If you purchase the 10-22mm zoom -LRB- which does not come with a shade -RRB- , it covers the same general angle of view , so it 's easy to switch to the lens you are using , depending on full frame use or APS format.Realistically , such wide-angle zooms are prone to flare in certain conditions , so the shade can help -- a little . It also can take a hit from the side , as others have said . It does make stuffing it into a padded Domke insert much tougher . Best to take it off lens and put it in camera bag pocket . Hoya HMC filters are very effective , as others said.As for the lens shade attracting attention , it 's the whole package of black camera and big lens that does it , not the shade . Worse is carrying around those cream-colored Canon teles . That shouts , `` Pro Photographer ! Deny him access ! ''
 This is an expensive item but any help in reducing flare is a plus to your photos . I have a lens hood for all my lenses . This also helps protect if you bang your lens against something . After spending nearly a thousand dollars on the lens , what 's another $ 33.00 .
 First of all , this particular lens hood is `` recommended '' for several different lenses . I suspect that is why some people find that it is `` visible '' when looking through the viewfinder at widest angle settings , while others do not . I purchased this for the Canon EF-S 10-22mm lens -LRB- used on an EOS 50D -RRB- after reading lots of positive reviews . I am a firm believer in the philosophy of always shooting with a lens hood in order to add more protection to the front of the lens , as well as to protect against glare from peripheral light sources.This hood fit the 10-22mm lens perfectly and is snug . It can be reversed and mounted on the lens for storage , just as with other Canon lens hoods . While it 's usable on several Canon lenses , its flower petal seems to be sized for the 10-22mm lens . I say this because if you experiment with a 1/8th inch tab projecting in to the viewing angle of the lens when set at 10mm , you 'll see the tab paint out a perfect rectangle in the viewfinder as you trace the petal contour . -LRB- i.e. the petal is JUST out of sight at 10mm -RRB- The large 77mm front of this lens is hungry to capture stray light from any source , and this hood does a good job blocking some of that unwanted light . I noticed less glare on outdoor shots right away.As claimed in other reviews , this lens hood does have a large diameter . It 's large petals -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- are 4.25 '' diameter , while its small petals -LRB- left and right -RRB- are a whopping 4.75 '' diameter . The 10-22mm lens is 3.25 '' in diameter where the hood attaches . However , this `` oversizing '' of the hood is intentional and if you look at its molding , you can see that the designers took every possible opportunity to step and flare the petals outward , in order to allow projecting the petals farther in front of the lens -LRB- and blocking more peripheral light -RRB- without becoming a regular unwanted subject in your photo 's shot at 10mm . This hood wo n't fit in to any of my lens cases while attached to the lens . I 'll live with that for now , but will look to upsize a couple of my cases to remove the step of adding/removing this hood between shooting and lens storage . I do n't mind the extra step , but feel like the less one has to handle any lens , the less likely it will be to get dropped . For that reason , I always mount the lens first , and THEN the hood . Likewise in reverse , always remove the hood while the lens is on the camera , and then remove the lens and move it directly to its case.I 'd strongly recommend this lens hood for the EF-S 10-22mm lens . It 's cheap insurance and does a good job with reducing glare .
 Pros : - Reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - Helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - Somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . Better to break the hood than the front element . - Makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps to keep others from carelessly walking in front of you.Cons : - Will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - Takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - People take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile .
 It is a well-made lens hood . It fits the lens very well and keep the flare out of the photos . It is quite large and took space in your bag though .
 It does what it is supposed to do ; greatly reduces chance of flare and also serves as some protection to the lens . Fits well and easy to put on and take off . As usual , Canon did not include it with the lens . I imagine there are suitable knock-offs but I did n't research it as I bought the lens and hood at the same time .
 The product was very well packed and was genuine canon hood.It was a perfect match for my canon 17-40 as i lost my original one .
 It is a good lens hood and has a great quality . However , it is a bit pricy . If you compare it to competition , quality is better , but there the hoods are usually included and you do not have to buy it separately . Nevertheless , quality is better and it fits perfectly .
 This hood deserves 5 stars for what it does . A lens like the 10-22 needs a very specially designed hood . It is light weight but it seems to be well made -LRB- even though it is plastic . -RRB- I have tested it throughout my lens ' range and it does a good job . I picked up a little flare on the longer focal lengths of lens but that is to be expected on a lens with an extreme range.I was in the photographic equipment business for many years and I know that lens shades are always sold separately , but should n't we be beyond that ? Anyway , if you have the 16-35 or the 10-22 you need this shade and , although it seems overpriced , it does the job so I have to give it 5 stars .
 does exactly what you would expect it to do - not much to say really .
 A lens hood is essential . All of my Canon high-end lenses came with the hood packed in the box . The 10mm-22mm lens is a very fine quality lens and feels like one of the pro `` L '' lenses in construction and in image quality . It is also expensive enough to qualify , so why not include the lens hood?Since it was not included however it is a necessary purchase .
 I have many Canon products . For me Canon is the best . Good price and quick delivery . I like it . I would buy it again .
 I 'm very happy with this piece of equipment to protect my lens from bumping into people when I 'm walking in crowds as well as block out any side light so I do n't get refractions in my shots .
 Comes as standard with the lens.So unless you lost yours you probably do n't need it.It is however highly effective in keeping those coloured doughnut shaped artifacts out of the image if the sun is potentially just out of shot.The lens it fits is one of my all-time favourites performance-wise .
 I have read -LRB- after purchasing this -RRB- that is it not needed with the 10-22mm lens for which it was purchased . I have also read that you should use a lens hood with every lens . In any case , it is as stated , a lens hood for the 10-22 and the 16-35 lenses . It will reverse on the lens for storage but you will need lots of room as it is quite large . The interior is coated with felt-like material . I can not recommend for or against this product . After a little more use I will update this review .
 This lens hood will drive you crazy . A constant aggravation as no neat place to put it in my Canon Back Pack , my Lowepro rolling suitcase or my huge one secure for the amazon rain forest . It is always in the way . Unless you use it . You need to . I know . Someone mentioned filters and I had a hard time after my camera store closed . No fine camera store . Ritz Camera 's has a really good description of the effects of many filters and it has been a plus for me . A $ 12.95 filter seemed expensive with my Canon 10 D . When I dropped the camera and the filter broke instead of the lens it seemed very reasonable . I would never not have a filter on my current L series lens collection . They cost too much .
 As with other reviewers ... I think it 's a little on the pricey side for something , especially on the wide and super-wide lenses , that should come with the lens when you buy it . That being said ... I did n't see this in any other reviews so I wanted to comment about it ... The lens hood is lined with a soft felt material ! It makes sense because it wo n't reflect any light ... and it 's much `` nicer '' feeling than the all plastic lens hood on my Tamron lens I also have . That being said , I often photograph bellydancers ... and while this may be a somewhat localized problem of mine , this felt is much more likely to trap glitter on it -LRB- a common make-up item of the dancers I know -RRB- , which could cause light reflections . For other users ... this could equate to more pet hair , fuzz , etc being stuck to it.All in all ... it 's a good , sturdy , well built , plastic lens hood . I like it . It 's also very big . I 've uploaded a picture of it next to a standard can of soda for reference , so check that out up in the `` customer images '' .
 I purchased this lens hood to go with myCanon EF-S 10-22mm f/3 .5 -4.5 USM SLR Lens for EOS Digital SLRs . While it is on the lens while the lens is attached to the camera , it works well . It keeps me from bumping the lens into things and it keeps out excessive light . The only problem is that you can not reverse it and mount it to the lens for storage in a bag . Essentially , when not in use this thing takes up valuable camera bag space . It is also on the expensive side , but what is one to do about that ?
 Great product , fits my 10-22 quite well -LRB- a hair of jiggle room -RRB- and does what it 's supposed to do .
 I bought this for my L series because although buying the lense brand new and it comes with one alraedy , i 've seen that the hood gets scratched.So i bought another one , in times where i just want to be flashy , i can pull out the new hood and make it look good , haha.And in case my hood breaks , i have a replacement .
 My 10-22mm wide is superb in cathing the full picture . The EW83E is the vital final touch - both in controlling the light and visually . It ' also great protection working in busy environments .
 Per the headline , this is a great purchase , but one you will use infrequently . You will most likely only need this hood if you 're shooting directly into the sun . If you have the time and like to experiment , I highly suggest setting up your camera -LRB- on a tripod -RRB- and shooting a few photos ; North , South , East and West at different times of day , with and without the hood . You 'll be surprised at how few of your photos really benefit from using it . This will ultimately help you decide whether or not you need to take it with you on your shoot . Remember , this thing is HUGE and awkward , so knowing in advance if you need it will free-up some space in your bag ... Great coupled with the B&W 77mm filter -LRB- 010M -RRB- for mid-day shoots . Note , you will not need to purchase this hood if you 're buying the 16-35 or 17-40 new as they are included with the lenses .
 I can honestly say that I 'm glad I spent the money on this lens hood . I was a bit skeptical at first because of price , but I decided to go with it since I 've always bought third party hoods and never tried canon 's . I film a lot at skateparks and this thing 's pretty tough ! There are always kids bumping into me and sometimes knocking into my equipment when I film especially mid-day when it 's crowded . So far this hood has been able to hold up and may have actually saved my front element a few times -LRB- with use of a UV filter -RRB- . I have n't noticed any difference in picture quality with this and did n't really expect it -- I bought it mainly for protection . I have a few third-party hoods , but a lot of them are flimsy and do n't really feel like they 're gauranteed to last . I feel like this hood is rugged enough to last for years to come . And for those of you who are still concerned with price , just think that you 're spending 30 + dollars extra for a lens you just spent 700 + on . Overall , I 'd recommend this accessory to anyone purchasing one of canon 's ultra-wide zoom lenses .
 Like all other reviewers , I have no clue why this hood is not included in the Canon EFS 10-22mm pack . Oh wait , 10-22 is not an elite `` L '' lens , right ?! So , it is not worthy of having its own hood!Although this hood is expensive , you can not use any other types of lens hood with this specific lens because of its wide angle of view . On the bright side , the plastic is made from high quality material , so at least it lasts .
 Great OEM Canon lens hood . Price is to high for what it is , but it is a required accessory .
 I got this for my lens and it 's been very helpful . I use it for my 10-22mm lens . My only complaint is the price .
 A must have for any landscape photographer . It keeps the bright glaring sun out of the lens ! Buy it if it fits your lens , it 's great.A + + WOULD BUY AGAIN !!!
 this is a really nice , well constructed and easy to use hood . the two main problems it is rather large , making it difficult to fit in to my camera bag , and it is expensive compared to 3rd party hoods . I 'd say if you have the money , and the lens , go for it .
 I got this Lens hood with my Canon EF-S 10-22mm lens which was an amazing lens . I got it for a trip to New York City . During my trip I had stepped out of a cab and accidentally dropped my camera , this lens hood took the brunt of the damage and stayed intact . Was worth the money I paid for it .
 This hood is a perfect match for the Canon 10-22 lens . I know - it should come with the lens , but get over it and just buy it . You need the hood to prevent flare , and more importantly , for constant protection for the front element of your new lens .
 Received this item promptly just as it was advertised . Good quality and stores in reverse on lens . Will use Adorama in the future .
 Canon lens hoods tend to be a bit pricey but are well made . They affix easily with a bayonet style fixture . Plus , there is a matt coating inside each one that eliminates reflections that shiny plastic can make !
 Added this lens hood to protect my newly purchased Canon 10-22mm lens - which also was a great Amazon buy . I had n't used one of these hoods prior to the purchase of this lens and also my 17-55mm lens . What is a few more dollars when you are spending close to $ 1000 for a lens . I highly recommend .
 Product arrived on time and intact . I was very surprised at the diameter of the hood but it makes sense since the Canon 10-22mm EF-S has a 77mm outer lens rim . Although the hood appears quite large , it makes a snug and perfect fit on the lense itself . I tested it out on the mountain range viewable outside my home as well as a shot of the length of my street on a relatively sunny afternoon in SoCal . The hood controls flaring quite nicely especially with high light conditions and appropriate ISO settings that I was experimenting with . I highly recommend 77mm filters . Currently , I am using UV or Polarized filters depending on the shots/conditions . Hood does not interfere with either fitting on or around filters . Canon quality is very apparent . Hood even looks great on the lens as well . Highly recommended accessory especially for outdoor photography .
 Pros : Battery charger and 4 batteries worth the 10 bucks I paid at once . The rest is just bonus I think . Tripod does n't work exactly as the famous gorilla tripod but it was able to hold on to a baby stroller handle nicely when we took a picture at OC fair , costa mesa -- the point is , the stroller was left near a walk way and people did n't pump the tripod off . That 's good enough for me.cons : The camera bag is a little too big and without much handle or anything you can hold on to , not even a through hole for your belt .
 I bought this because at the time I could get the whole package for cheaper than it was to go out and buy rechargeable batteries .
 Con
 For the $ 10 price , this kit is definitely worth it just for the batteries and charger alone . The batteries come with a higher mAh rating -LRB- somewhere close to 2000 -RRB- , which is where a rechargeable battery for a digital camera should be . The batteries are great in the camera and the charger powers them up in a few hours . The charger comes with slots so you can charge either AA or AAA batteries . Keep in mind , the kit only comes with the AA batteries.The camera case was a bit large for the camera - obviously Kodak was trying to stick a `` one size fits all '' bag in the kit . It 's nothing too spectatcular.The tripod is also a laugher . Not much to say about it other than it 's flimsy and funny to look at.The photo paper is nice , but comes off as an afterthought . Just because you buy a digital camera does n't mean you will need photo paper . I prefer going to those kiosks and printing photos off there . But , if you print photos yourself , it 's a nice thrown-in .
 This is a great product and made a great gift . I was able to give this to my son and his family along with the Kodak Easyshare Camera and Dock . It was a perfect companion gift .
 Very nice . Like the case did not really need it but others fine .
 I 'm a little bummed , because I did n't know this bag was available in different colors . I would have loved to have gotten the purple one . The store I bought it at only had the black . But , that 's OK , my husband probably would n't have been too keen on carrying around a purple camera bag , especially if I were to ask him to put it on his belt.This is a great bag for the price . It feels really sturdy , and is the perfect size for my Canon A540 . I can even fit four extra batteries in the little pouch , although it would be nice if the pouch had it 's own closure so that the batteries would be secure while taking the camera out or putting it back in . It also would be nice if it had someplace for the camera 's wrist strap to come out ... we 've taken the wrist strap off of our camera -LRB- against my better judgement -RRB- to avoid having to cram it into the bag . Otherwise I 'm very happy with this bag .
 Before purchasing this receiver , I did my research , trying to find a receiver with HDMI capability , 7.1 sound , 80 - 100 watts -LRB- this one outputs 80 watts per channel which is plenty for me -RRB- for under $ 500 . This is the best choice on the market ! Here 's some information you may find useful.This receiver has 2 HDMI inputs and 1 HDMI output -LRB- i.e. to an HD TV -RRB- . I have an `` upconvert '' DVD player -LRB- changes 480i format DVD to 1080i video resolution -RRB- attached via HDMI -LRB- video -RRB- , and a digital optical -LRB- audio -RRB- cable . I have a second DVD attached as the `` VCR '' , using composite video cables and a digital coax -LRB- audio -RRB- . I use the second DVD player to play CDs . Both can be programmed in the setup of the receiver , so that the SR575 knows which cables are used for which inputs . The sound is very clear . Make sure you use the microphone to auto calibrate the speakers after your system is in place . It takes 10-15 minutes and is automatic , just start the setup and it takes care of itself . The sound will be much better than sound out-of-the box , since it calibrates for your room acoustics . Once the setup is completed , you will like the results ... there are several `` listening modes '' that you can try out to see what sounds best in your room.Here are a few caveats that I learned about after I purchased the receiver ... 1 . If you have a phonograph -LRB- turntable -RRB- , then you need a pre-amp -LRB- can be purchased from Amazon for about $ 40 -RRB- . Connect the left/right RCA cables from the turntable to the pre-amp , then from the pre-amp into one of the inputs in the receiver -LRB- I use the `` tape '' input for my turntable since I do not have a tape deck attached - which means I program the setup of the `` tape '' player in the receiver for my turntable - it 's simple to do -RRB- .2 . Do not be confused by the Onkyo `` upconvert '' capability - the receiver does NOT upconvert the video from a DVD from 480i resolution to 1080i resolution - you need an upconvert DVD player for that -LRB- also on Amazon for under $ 100 -RRB- . Instead , it will upconvert the audio from one type of input to a different type of output . See the Onkyo web site and download the user 's manual for more info.One more cool feature - this receiver has satellite radio capabilities . You can buy a separate satellite turner and hook it up ... OR ... since I have a portable satellite radio , all I did was use the audio out line from the radio to the auxiliary in -LRB- right and left -RRB- cables , and simple as that I can listen to my XM satellite radio thru the receiver and 7 speakers.Bottom Line
 Overall the Onyko tx-sr575 is a nice receiver . It received a recommended buy from Home Theater Magazine who I highly respect . The few minor complaints are that the remote buttons are very small and the volume has to be turned way up , ~ 20 , to be heard.However , for $ 299 , it 's a great buy and I would buy it again after having it for 6 weeks of testing . The sound from the system is crystal clear . Also , you can choose either 5.1 or 7.1 depending on how many spoeakers you want to use .
 I bought this AVR , Onkyo TX-SR575 , at the recent -LRB- 04/08 -RRB- price of $ 219 . I have it hooked up with HDMI from cable box to AVR and HDMI from AVR to TV . I have the TV volume turned off and play the audio though the AVR 5.1 system . I added Sirius radio using the Sirius SC-H1 receiver through the little din connector . Power is not provided through this connector so you need to use the power adapter which comes with the Sirius receiver . I have my old Dual turntable plugged into the CD IN connection but I did have to put a turntable preamp inline here . I used the Pyle PP-999 Phono Turntable Pre-Amp from Amazon . My wife has some wireless speakers that she loves to carry out on the patio . I plug the transmitter for the wireless speakers into the TAPE OUT connection . At the moment I have a plain vanilla DVD player plugged in using component video and optical for audio . I will upgrade this later and use the 2nd HDMI input to the AVR . The speaker calibration process is easy and takes about 10 minutes . In my case the calibration makes a big difference . My center speaker is hidden behind some decorative knick knacks and calibration makes a big difference in the sound . I do n't pretend to be an audio expert . All I can say is it sounds great to me and was very easy to get everything hooked up and working properly . Oh , the remote that comes with the TX-SR575 controls all of my other components for normal operation . If I need to change the setup of one of the other components I may have to get out that particular remote but for normal input/output , channel , DVD , DVR , volume and Sirius radio the TX-SR575 remote does it all . At the current price I think this AVR is a great bargain and I am very happy with it .
 The first strike against this is overheating . Part of that is my fault , I stuffed it high in my cabinet without much ventilation . When the sun hit the cabinet glass it would heat up until the sound started to distort significantly . I lowered it in the cabinet and gave more ventilation and that seems to have taken care of it.I 'm not using a sub so I ca n't comment on cross-over and tuning features , although I 've scanned through them and they seem comprehensive and feature packed . I have n't used the satellite radio features . The remote works great and programed really easily.The sound is really good . I based my purchase largely on a pro review where he called this receiver his favourite budget receiver for its good sound reproduction . That 's really what I wanted from a receiver . Turns out he was right . That 's why I 've rated it so high -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- . I rarely rate products this high unless they really impress me . It does n't get a 5/5 because it has to be truly amazing to get that , even in this price range . And I 'm assuming the subwoofer would work flawlessly .
 Great receiver . Has additional `` B '' speakers group which can be used with or without the `` A '' group ; makes for creating extra sound for an entire house as opposed to just one room . If you can get this 7.1 channel receiver programmed -LRB- works by using remote microphone which is provided -RRB- you are in for a great surround sound which works on any medium -LRB- cds , IPod , Blu-ray , etc. -RRB- Not that programming the surround sound is difficult , it just requires that you have everything wired correctly and there is little / no white noise in the room . If you can find it on sale BUY IT .
 I recently purchased a new Samsung LN52A750 HDTV from Amazon and decided it was time to upgrade my RX-V2200 Yamaha receiver too . I had been happy with the Yamaha 's performance -LRB- it was $ 850 in 2001 -RRB- and it had never given any problems . But the Yamaha did not have HDMI connections and I wanted to make use of the new connections and capabilities of the new TV and a new Blu-Ray player.This time around I did n't want to spend a lot of money on another receiver that might quickly become obsolete as the Yamaha did . The way technology progresses it may be time to upgrade again in 5 years or so to gain additional capabilities.After quite a bit of research it appeared this receiver would do everything I wanted . I 've now been using it for the past 8 weeks and just ca n't believe how much better the sound has been compared to the much more powerful and expensive Yamaha ! The sound separation and clarity is way better than before - and I 'm still using the same speakers and wires . I can tell this receiver is not packing the same wattage because I have to turn up the volume to about 50 % on the Onkyo while I only needed about 25 % on the Yamaha . Even so , there is no distortion and noticeably more `` punch '' to sudden sounds such as gunshots , explosions , and breaking glass.It would be nice to have at least one more HDMI and Toslink input for possible future needs , but right now everything is working out fine . It would also have been nice to have the Onkyo pull sound input directly off the HDMI connections , but it really is not a big deal to simply run a coax or Toslink audio line to the receiver . After all , this solution saves a lot of money by not having to upgrade to another receiver that can do this . I knew of these limitations before purchasing and still feel this receiver was the right choice.The Audyssey 2EQ did a fantastic job of automatically configuring audio output to match my speaker layout . There is now a noticeably smoother sound transition from each area and the subwoofer performance is 100 % better than before - more punch and a much smoother crossover transition.We are completely satisfied with this purchase . This Onkyo receiver was inexpensive -LRB- only $ 219 -RRB- , yet performs like I would expect a top of the line system to perform .
 Very satisified . The Onkyo replaces my Mitsubishi 1000 receiver . I have a 5.1 system which was very easy to coonect . I especially like the mic which automatically sets the speaker levels.It may be last years model but it had all the features I needed.I could not get the Direct TV remote to turn the receiver off . I tried all the codes and could only get it to turn the receiver on . Therefore I use the Onkyo remote for that purpose -LRB- to turn receiver off -RRB- . The buttons on the remote are small and I ca n't read them since the font is even smaller.Overall , I would definately purchase again .
 First of all , I got this receiver early from Amazon , and what a great deal as well . The system looked great , with clean lines and nice silver finish . There was a set of quick setup instructions and the more robust manual . It took about 5 minutes to set up video output . At the time of the purchase I still had n't bought a home theatre system . However , I had a cable box , game system , and a dvd player.My one caveat , which probably falls on me more than the product , is that the money I spent I wish I could 've done a little bit more research . One of the reasons for this is that I have a plasma mounted on the wall , with component video cables running behind the drywall . This system however , if you want to use the HDMI connection -LRB- for example , HDMI from DVD to Receiver -RRB- , you need to have an HDMI cable connecting your TV to the Receiver . Otherwise , you wo n't get a signal . I guess that 's what they mean by HDMI pass through . So that 's just a word of warning to all the AV noobs like me out there . D'oh ! Besides this , I love this receiver . It does the job of managing all my devices in a simple manner , and I ca n't wait to hook up my sound system .
 I bought this stereo about 1.5 years ago to replace an Onkyo I had purchased in 1993 -LRB- which still sounds incredible -RRB- . I LOVE this stereo , sounds fantastic !!! I 'm hooked and will only by Onkyo!The only thing I do n't like is that the HDMI is only a pass-through for 1080p -LRB- not converting -RRB- , I had to buy a separate convertor for my old big screen HDTV .
 Audio is generally great quality . Sometimes it 'll ` pop ' pretty loud when kicking into Dolby PLII , otherwise the sound is great as I can expect with Infinity TSS-1200 speakers . Just a warning
 I purchased the Onkyo TX-SR575S to replace my 3 year old Denon AVR - 486 system . Denon tech support refused to help me with my problem of speakers popping with their receiver . Their own manual tells you that the volume range is -70 to 18 dB . I would run it at about 0 , which is not loud . We would get constant loud popping which ruined watching TV or DVD 's . We had to adjust the volume to almost lip read to avoid the popping . Denon 's only response was that 0 is the max dB volume and to lower the volume below 0 . So ... now we have the Onkyo TX-SR575S and it totally blows you away . Sure it is n't the top of the line , but it will sure turn your movie experience into a whole new level . I kept the Denon speakers and we do n't have any popping , just superb sound .
 I bought this to replace my pioneer receiver , sounds really good for the price , as others mentioned before HDMI is passthrough only , it wo n't do any upscaling . Does not really matter if you have an upscaling DVD player already
 This product was a great value for the price . And it arrived in just a few days .
 Actually I bought this item for my Projector and it was not the right one I was expecting . When I sent it back Amazon has returned complete money back with no questions asked.Amazon is best for Customer satisfaction no doubt about it.I love to do business with Amazon .
 I purchased the ONKYO from AMAZON and it was listed as `` NEW '' . The fact is that the box had been opened before and the remote and all paperwork were taped closed-obviously not factory new . I could have selected `` used '' and paid less if I wanted a used stereo . Up until now I have been happy with Amazon . I 'll think twice about ordering from them again . The stereo is great ! I highly recommend it !!
 Bag is the perfect size for a compact video camera . I own the Panasonic SDR-H200 and it fits in the main compartment of the bag along with the charger , charging cord , instruction book , and much more . A great bag !
 Like : Zippered top flap -- I do n't have to worry about holding it upside-down . Clip-on shoulder strap -- no sewn-in straps!Subtle top handle -- I do n't like Lowerpro 's `` foam rainbow '' handles.Just enough space -- Fits the camera , spare batteries , charger , cleaning products , and cords almost perfectly.Don ' t Like : Internal divider -- You can only set it at 90-degreesNo storage in the top flap -- There 's space ! Lem me use it!Overall : I have little issues with this bag , but the price and size took care of everything I was looking for .
 Works well , we keep our 18X zoom camera in it . For our use I would not want it any smaller , but it fits and we wanted it to be as compact as possible for travel purposes .
 I ordered this case for a new video camera . The case was perfect for the camera and few accessories that came with the camera . The case was well made . I would recommend this case to anyone with a small video or digital camera .
 I used this bag to carry a Panasonic FZ18 . The camera would just fit when laid on its side , leaving enough space for all the other cables . However , I was not able to fit the lens hood in the bag when the cables were present.Otherwise the charger fit in the front pocket , and some lens cloths fit in the side pocket.The bag is very small , but looks and feels like a quality product.If your equipment fits in this bag , then I recommend it .
 I just bought a new digital camera and needed a bag to keep it in and carry it in . This one works like a charm . I use it like a fanny pack , it 's compact and practical .
 I have used Tamrac bags for years and I can always trust that their descriptions really hold true when I do not even get to see the product.I can currently fit , with some creativity , the Canon HF11 camera , the USB cable they AV cable and the component video cable . The battery charger and card reader I use for the SDHC video cards are in there , and the spare battery . I am also able to add the HDMI cable -LRB- mini HDMI to HDMI -RRB- but most of my relatives do not have HDMI in the front of their televisions so I usually leave that at home.The bag does what it is suppose to do and really seems to be made of some great construction , and good workmanship . I am confident that if dropped things would remain in tact.My only quandary is due to the requirement for transferring video directly from the camera 's Flash Drive requires it to be plugged into the wall . And the AC adapter is rather large for the Bag to carry as it comes in two parts.Thus the only way to transfer information would be from the card reader and SDHC adapter . Is this a big deal not really . You do your editing at home not necessarily on the road , but with HD recording taking up so much space this requires transfers of content earlier than you might of hoped perhaps.Great Bag , always go with Tamrac , they make the most functional snd compact bags I have seen .
 I bought the Tamrac bag because of its size . I do n't like to carry unnecessarily bulky items so the bag was perfect for my Canon Rebel XT dSLR . I can fit the camera and the lens in -LRB- side by side -RRB- and the front pocket is great for the charger , memory cards , spare battery and my Canon pocket user guide . Other cables fit perfectly in the side pockets . The bag is also very sturdy.This bag is a great buy , definitely recommended !
 I bought this for my Panasonic HDC-HS250 Hi Def digital camcorder . it has a hard drive in it , so it 's not the smallest one out there . it fits perfectly with enough room for the charger , extra battery , and computer & HDMI cables . With everything in there , it 's just a bit snug . With just the camera , it is n't cavernous . Very well designed . it 's also pretty well made , very light , and seems to give good protection for a carry-around vacation bag . Would definately recommend .
 We have a Canon FS10 and this bag is perfect to carry the camera and most of it accessories . Well built and reliable . We like it a lot .
 The Tamrac 5522 provides alot of functionality in a small package . This bag is great for the newer smaller video camera 's , as well as a great small bag for slr 's , digital or otherwise . This bag is highly recommended .
 Pro 's - Small + comact , decent padding , long adjustable shoulder strap , everything zips shutCon 's - A little floppy , buckle clip in front is unusual and seems cheap , not as much storage spaceOverall , this bag was a lot smaller than I anticipated . The main compartment is just big enough to fit a compact camcorder . It is 6 in tall x 4 in long x 3 in wide . The pouches on the side are not big enough to hold anything except a few sdhc cards . The pouch on the front might be able to hold a cable or two , but that would almost fill it up.This bag is good to squeeze a compact camcorder into and fit only a few accessories -LRB- sdhc card , extra battery , cable -RRB- . If you are looking for a bigger sized bag with lots of pockets and storage space for many accessories -LRB- few batteries , all cables/cards , mini tripod -RRB- this is not the bag for you .
 This bag works perfectly for me . It is compact , as most camcorder bags are , but some can be too compact . This one has just the right amount of room for my camera plus all the requisite accessories and the user manual .
 When I bought my Canon HFS100 HD camcorder , I put it in my old Tamrac camera bag with other DSLR gear . But during a couple of long-distance travels , I realized I 'd need a dedicated camcorder bag so I can carry my camcorder separately . Initially , I wanted to find a cylinder-shaped lens case -LRB- Lowepro -RRB- to carry my camcorder -- this would have been very slim-shaped camcorder bag . On second thought , however , I realized I 'd need a camcorder bag with room for extra batteries , memory cards and a power charger . So I bought this bag at a Wolf Camera store for $ 22.50 -LRB- the same price as Amazon -RRB- . This bag is really compact for carrying my Canon HD camcorder and a few extra stuff . I 'm pleased with my purchase . Highly recommended . The reason for only four stars is that the bag needs more functional divider and a shoulder strap pad . For the price of this bag , it may be too much to ask .
 Picked one of these up from Ritz camera . It seems to be well made . The zippers are not YYK but they seem strong enough . The camera compartment in particular is a great size with plenty of panels that can be Velcroed in whatever postion they are needed . The best part is that the padded camera section is actually an insert that can be removed allowing it to be used as a non camera pack or the insert to be used in a different carrier.There are two issues I have with it :1 . It is just barely too small to hold my Dell D830 in the laptop sleeve .2 . The rubber on the shoulder straps is very similar to the stuff you can buy to line your kitchen cabinets and is very `` grippy '' . It 's okay when you 're walking about with the pack on but when you try to take the pack off the rubber catches on your clothes and you end up struggling with it for a minute .
 I was carrying my gear -LRB- camera , 4 lenses , a bunch of filters , cell phone , hand-held radio , and some small stuff -RRB- in this backpack while riding my motorbike last week , when I had an accident . I went flying , my bike and helmet are history , but my camera gear in this backpack survived without a scratch . The straps ripped off -LRB- no idea during which stage of the accident -RRB- , so the bag is history , but it did a mighty fine job protecting its contents!As far as I 'm concerned
 I actually returned this item . I wanted a backpack for a DSLR and a couple of lenses . This was very hard to put on -LRB- mostly because of the rubber plating on the outside of the bag , that kept catching my arms and such -RRB- , and because it was just too big . So I returned it . But for the record , this was just a personal choice . There was nothing wrong with the bag and it had loads of room . Construction was `` very '' sturdy and strong , but it was heavy even with nothing in it , & I dropped it to 4 stars on that basis -LRB- I ca n't recommend backpacking with it -RRB- . I had no trouble returning it to Ritz Camera ... albeit it was returned in mint condition . So ... if you are going to send anything back to them ... do n't cut off any tags and keep all the packing material ... as they are very sensitive on that issue . They want to be able to put it right back on the shelf with minimum trouble . I guess I ca n't blame them , but that 's the brick & mortar advantage .
 This is a terrific little gadget that takes up no space , works perfectly and replaced the old , huge cumbersome sync and charge accessory I had -LRB- my cat had eaten through the plastic connector so I needed a new one -RRB- . This one is so much better and cost about $ 3 . Wonderful !
 The nice folks at Palm have sold out to HP . HP has no interest in continuing to supply support or accessories for Palm products -- they have chosen merely to let them die . However the Palm line of PDAs , dating all the way back to the venerable ancestor , the Palm Pilot , still have some life left in them . Not everyone uses a `` Smart Phone '' to keep track of appointments and addresses . I own a Smart Phone . I use it to make and receive phone calls . I do n't use FaceBook or Twitter , I have no `` Apps '' . And my addresses and appointments are all on my trusty Palm Tungsten E2 PDA . However with the passage of time , my older synchronizer and recharger cable has grown , like me , a bit less vibrantly full of life than hitherto . When this item was offered I chose to buy it , and I 'm so glad I did . Every night my PDA and my computer have a meeting and a conversation , and every morning I can set off with the comforting assurance that my stone age technology will succeed in once more managing my day for me . The reports of the death of Palm PDAs are definitely exaggerated .
 This item was worth every penny . The retractable cord makes it easy to store away when not using .
 I 'm glad it worked ! The manufacturer 's cable does n't do it - and Palm no longer sells the replacement cable either ! Saved me from having to replace a 2 year old PDA . Cost was great - shipping was right there - and fast .
 THis cable links my Palm to my PC and charges it at the same time . The one that came with the Palm bent so it would n't fit . This one works the way it should.An excellent buy .
 The ordering process was much more efficient than my previous purchase . It arrived on time and in great condition . Works beautifully.Thank you
 Product came earlier than expected , works like it should , great price . No complaints
 This remote does the job . I was looking at the 5 function remote online first and my Vizio TV was listed . I decided to go with the 7 . I went to program it and Vizio was not listed . The learning function did work after a few time . I would suggest putting in new batteries in the old remote first and do it in a area with no direct light . I was able to put volume and PIP commands for my TV on the cable box setting . I 'm also able to put stereo functions with my DVD and media player . Why do you need to spend over $ 100 and remote when you able to do it with this one . If your not able to program something it 's because that device uses different type of frequency .
 This remote does exactly what it says . Setup was easy , including customizing buttons to accomodate our DVR commands . I like the lightup feature , makes it easier to see what you 're doing when the room is dark . It 's a little larger than your average remote , but it is not cumbersome , just a little adjusting to get used to it . Works everything except our Apple TV , ca n't have everything I guess .
 Got mine through Gold Box deal , so it was a great price . It worked like a charm once I figured out one small detail that they left out - once you find the programming code you do n't check to see if it 's correct by hitting the number keys , you check by using the up and down channel keys . Once you `` set '' the remote , the number keys work fine . It took me a while to figure this out.My only other complaint is that I can not seem to figure out how to change the size of my PIP , which my old -LRB- dead -RRB- remote could do . Otherwise , it works perfectly on my getting very old Panasonic TV and VCR/DVD player .
 Owned this remote for over a month now . Easy to program and use . Works with all my componets
 This product exceeds my expectations and is a much better value than I could have hoped for . Does MORE than described , and does it better . Very well designed , and comes with an excellent DVD Tutorial -LRB- take the time to watch it ; you 'll be glad you did -RRB- . As for the seller
 This is my second URC remote . First one was an R5 , still going strong after 1 yr . R7 has more features -LRB- more components , and back-lighting -RRB- compared to R5 . Much better value for a normal user compared to overpriced and complicated Logitech models
 This is basically an entry level remote but has some great features . Fully Backlit and Learning , feels good in the hand lay out of buttons . You will n't go wrong in buying this remote I just bought two .
 i bought it because i accidently threw out my dvd remote and needed a preprogramed remote . the first one was defective , a phone call to amazon and a new one received in 4 days , they paid shipping on old one i sent back . great customer service . the remote works fine and have had no problem with it .
 After my One-For-All Kameleon went off into lizard heaven , I decided to buy this over the cheapest , yet still more expensive Logitech Harmony remote . I like this remote a lot . It has all the right buttons for me , like the guide , info , menu , exit buttons which are becoming very important in this age of Tivo and on-screen menus . I use it to control an LG HDTV tuner box , a Sony a/v receiver , a JVC DVD player , and a Mitsubishi VCR , and this remote has most of the buttons I need . The ones it does n't have I can just learn and map onto other unused buttons.The remote has a `` volume override '' feature which controls the volume of only one component - for example , a TV or an a/v receiver - no matter which component is selected . Very convenient.The buttons are all stiff , smooth rubber and feel great . Firm , not mushy at all . The remote itself is lightweight but solid . There are no `` creaks '' when handling it . And unlike the cheesy appearance of the basic One-For-Alls , this remote looks good on the coffee table.Programming it is a piece of cake
 I bought this remote primarily as a replacement for my ReplayTV remote , which was just about worn out . It had a similar keypad layout which was appealing , and ReplayTV was listed on the package as a supported device . After entering the appropriate code , I was controlling the ReplayTV with no problems , though I did n't like some of the button mappings , so the `` learn '' feature worked fine in letting me correct these.I also set it up to support several other devices -LRB- some very new , some 7-8 years old -RRB- and had no problems.The build quality is somewhat better than I expected in an electronic device in this price range . That 's probably because it 's made in Korea rather than China . I 'm baffled about other reviewers ' comments saying the device is `` light '' ; it 's surprisingly hefty . And complaints about it being plastic ? Sure , I 'd love to get an aluminum remote for this price , but I live in the real world.The reason I 'm giving four stars is because of the `` MacroPower '' feature . I was hoping for the ability to create macros , but really all you can do with this feature is turn all your devices on and off together .
 After conducting an extensive amount of research on universal remote controls I decided in the end to get the URC R7 , which for me , provided the best overall features , button availability and value for money . From the moment I received it and took it out of it 's pack I was immediately impressed - the remote looked good , felt good in the hand , and the buttons were nice to touch and fairly responsive.I looked at other more flashy-looking LCD display remotes as well , but the main reason I went with this hard button version was because I was a little put off by the comments from many user reviews about LCD remotes not providing enough icon/text-label combinations as well the rather clumsy neccessity of having to look on-screen for each button rather than feel your way around the remote with your fingers . Also , I wanted a remote that had all of the buttons specifically labelled for my TV and satellite TV decoder , i.e. Menu , TV Guide , Info , Exit , etc. . It seems a lot of the LCD display remotes only appear to have rather obscure icons for some of these extra functions , although I 'm sure the more expensive models provide user-definable labels . But they are a lot more expensive than what I could justify for a remote control ! To be honest , I thought I would miss not having a unit that lit up with a flash LCD screen , but actually this is not the case . And I know I will save on batteries in the long run too.The remote can control up to 7 components and comes with a manual and an instruction DVD , but the remote is so easy to program I did n't need to refer to the DVD at all , but it 's a nice support addition . I 'm pleased it has a learning mode as two of my components were n't supported in the pre-programmed code list , but it had no problem learning each of the component 's functions . That said , I was able to program my TV , DVD , Satellite , CD and Stereo in about an hour and have it fully operational . I was even able to program the remote to control the air conditioning unit in AUX mode . I really like the backlight function too . When you press the Light key the text of each button is lit up in red , thereby providing a perfectly adequate ullimination for night-time control if needed . You can either choose to turn off the backlight by pressing the Light button again , or it will automatically turn off after 10 seconds since the last key stroke.If there was any one criticism it would be that there is no easy way of knowing what component mode it 's currently in without having to either remember it since you last used the remote or by having to re-select the component button again to make sure . -LRB- Although the current component button does light up when you select the other buttons -RRB- . It would be great if the appropriate component button lit up when the unit sensed movement ; for instance , when picking the remote up . But in the end this only saves one extra button push at worst , and is only mentioned more as as a suggestive feature rather than an absolute neccesity.This universal remote control looks stylish , works really well and is extremely inexpensive for what it does . I would highly recommend this unit to anyone looking for a good solid all-purpose unit not fussed on having a flasher and more expensive LCD model .
 There are lots of crummy universal remotes out on the market , but I like this remote control . It remains balanced in my hand , the fast foward button is placed within reach of the thumb , and virtually all of the buttons will light up . I can get it to work almost exactly like I want it to after a bit of programming . Programming is n't too hard once I got the hang of it . My stereo and DVR controls can be programmed to take over the volume/play buttons while in TV mode . The instruction manual says the remote wo n't lose its programming when the batteries are dead/missing . It does n't use AAA batteries.The instruction manual misleads you into thinking only the aux device button can be used to control a second tv/vcr/dvd player . The same procedure used to reassign aux to a different type of device can be used for any of the device buttons.As for the bad points ... I wish the edges of remote were more rounded and less sharp . Not all of the preprogrammed buttons will do the same function as the OEM remote , even though they have the same name . Good thing there is a learning function . You will need it ! It could n't navigate the menu of my samsung TV with the preprogrammed keys . I wish there were buttons labeled `` audio '' and `` subtitle '' . I constantly use those with DVDs.Despite this , the URC R7 is a good remote and contains several essential features usually found in more expensive remotes without being needlessly complex and confusing .
 I own one of these for my home theater have been extremely happy with it . I 've tried many other universal remote controls , including a couple of the fancy Logitech Harmony remotes and have returned them all because I found them too cumbersome to use , usually because of awkward button layout . This one , is a model of simplicity and straightforward design . However , I recently bought another one for my parents and have had a few problems with it . First I 'll start off with the good parts : Good : Button layout - This is the most important issue for me . In a nutshell , I want to be able to use the remote without always looking down at it , and in order to do that you need a good layout . Because I am used to the excellent TiVo remote , and have both a TiVo and cable company DVR , the most important set of buttons for me is the cluster of buttons for play/pause/ff / rew and the all-important replay . These are functions I use constantly and this remote has a superb design for navigating around.Feels good in my hand - The remote feels solid and well proportioned in my hand . I have fairly large hands though.Excellent value - I am amazed that this remote is so inexpensive , given some of the other ones I 've tried.Learning function is easy to use - when you need to program something manually you can , and it 's easy to do.Punch through for volume/mute - you can set it up so you can adjust the volume or mute the TV or stereo when you have any function selected . That way you do n't have to constantly shift back to the TV or receiver every time you need to tweak the volume . This is critical !! Bad : Range seems lacking for a big room - I only noticed this at my parent 's house . They have a much larger room and some of the equipment is placed in such a way that the remote sensors are not in easy view . The standard TiVo remote seemed to have more range/power and you could at least bounce the signal off the walls to get it to work . This remote seems to be a little underpowered . It works great in a smaller room -LRB- 8-10 feet away -RRB- , but 15-20 feet seems too far for this remote to control our TiVo unless you have a very direct line of sight . All of the other devices work just fine though at that range , so it may just be the unfortunate positioning of the TiVo.Preprogrammed codes are limited by button type - For example , the SAT/Cable button can be programmed for Satellite/Digital cable and DVR 's . We have a satellite , digital cable , and a TiVo . I used a preprogrammed code for the digital cable box and it worked great . I figured I could then just program the TiVo code onto the `` AUX '' button . No luck . I could only program the TiVo to use the SAT/Cable button . I had to manually program the entire TiVo remote into the AUX device using the learning -LRB- took about 5-10 minutes - it 's that easy -RRB- . No Macros - there are macros for power , but no way to have it perform an arbitrary sequence of steps in the way you can with the Harmony remotes.Bottom line - I have n't found a better value for a universal remote yet - but I 'm still looking for the perfect one .
 I have struggled over the years to find a remote that does it all , fits well in my hand , and is flexible enough to learn a few things . These generally come with a hefty price tag.After I bought this one , I must say that it is the best remote for the money that I have ever had . It works with every piece of a/v equipment that I have . It is very simple to setup -LRB- enter codes -RRB- . On top of that , teaching it to learn other remotes ' functions is a breeze.It has a nice backlight so you can see in dark and a very wide range so you do n't have to point at the device you are operating.I use it with my TV , TiVO , VCR/DVD combo , and Amp . It covers all the functionalities of the original remotes . It looks nice and is fairly lite.Nice feature is the ability to enter macros where you link all of your equipment for a simultaneous on/off . Sometimes it is inconsistent when it comes to executing the macro on all devices -LRB- you have to be patient when you hold the button -RRB- . Otherwise I would have given it clean five stars.I highly recommend it , though .
 Excellent , solid unit ; it was easy to program , even the macros , with logically laid out function keys . The instruction book is reasonably complete , though I found out about one issue with macros that was not described when I called their tech support line . The phone tech support was extremely helpful ; they quickly & efficiently resolved the issue I was having . There is no reason to spend a hundred + $ $ for a universal remote when this one will do what the majority need a universal to do
 This remote control is very easy to program , and is resonably priced.It took care of my problems controlling both my cable , VCR , and my new RCA LCD TV .
 This is a very good remote -LRB- at this price range . -RRB- I just use the `` learn '' function to setup Samsung TV and Lite-On DVD player/Recorder -LRB- Yes , my Lite-on is not a PC DVD ROM and it 's a standalone DVD recorder . Unfortunately , Lite-On has discontinued standalone DVD recroder . -RRB- The setup time is less than 10 minutes for both devices .
 I had three remotes for my entertainment system and the remote for the volume control was on it 's way out and I had to find something to replace it . I figured this would be the time for one remote to replace three . I did a lot of searching , reading reviews and pricing . I purchased the URC R6 first and I was really pleased with it but I really wanted a remote with back-lighting features so I went looking again . I found the URC R7 and ordered another R6 for my wife 's room and I use the first R6 for my computer room . The R7 is really a good , all around , remote but I kind of liked the four `` My Favorites '' buttons that the R6 has . I 've had the R7 since the end of November and I am glad I purchased it and would recommend this remote . My wife can even use it . And that 's saying something for this remote !
 I had several set top boxes and an AV system all hooked up to my TV and was getting tired of switching between 5 different remotes . I did n't want to spend $ 100 + on something fancy with an LCD screen ... I just needed something that could learn from my existing remotes and had a good 5 way navigational pad that did not pull double duty as Volume/Channel controls . This fit the bill and at a great price ! It did n't have the codes for many of my devices , but it took just 45 minutes to go through each of my remotes and teach this one to do what I needed . It 's great having a single remote on the coffee table again .
 Dependable , solid construction , comfortable and has functions that remotes in this price range has no business having . Bottom line , this is the remote I recommend to anyone who needs one . As I was reading the negative feedback for this remote , it kinda made me laugh . These people obviously A. have no idea what they are talking about , and/or B. Obviously did n't read the manual . I have used this remote for the last 8 months and have had nothing but great operation.I do have to admit though , the manual is n't the most self explanatory as it could be , there is definitely room for improvement . It 's all in there , but you need to search for it . Also , some buttons that are nice to have for the devices -LRB- ex . subtitles on DVD mode -RRB- are not on the remote , but can be substituted for other buttons like the Favorites button that is unused on some devices . All in all best I have found , and I have been loooking .
 Works great and is cheap . Works my vizio tv , dishnetwork box , poineer amp and my sony blu-ray player . Five things only one remote . Also turnes on my tv and amp on at the same time .
 This is a great product . It includes an instructional CD which helps a great deal .
 So this remote is very easy to program as long as you have the instructions in hand . One of the best benefits of this remote is that it works on the xbox 360 . There is n't anything in the manual about this feature , however , if you select `` aux '' and then `` fav '' it will turn the Xbox on and open windows media center . This is excellent for streaming videos from the computer to the xbox . All the the play , fast forward/rewind buttons work for it . The only thing that you ca n't do with the remote is turn the xbox off -LRB- which is sometimes annoying when it gets turned on accidentally -RRB- . This feature saved my about $ 20 on an xbox remote plus does n't require another remote . My main complaint is with the sluggishness . For example , when trying to adjust the volume on my audio receiver i have to press the button each time to get it to move up or down as opposed to just holding it . It also seems a bit difficult to get my DVR to respond accordingly . It is this reason only that I rate this remove 4 stars instead of 5 . The battery life is also great . I 've had it for over 6 months and use it lots and have n't had to change the batteries yet . If you do n't want to spend upwards of $ 100 on one of the fancy LCD display remotes then this is a good one for you .
 Now , i 'm no Universal Remote guru or anything , but this has got to be my fave remote i 've ever used -LRB- and trust , i 've used quite a few . -RRB- I purchased it to consolidate my 4 remotes -LRB- tv , cable , blu-ray , cd player -RRB- all of which are about a foot long . I looked at the remote in the store and was n't sure if it was going to be able to handle all the buttons for the 4 devices but it was on clearance so what the hell . After about an hour of programming it let me say . . wow . Not only does it feel good to put away all the others but the remote itself feels good . Comfortable , proper button placement -LRB- its like you do n't have to look , you already know where the button is , even though you only started playing with it 15 mins ago , -RRB- enough buttons to mimmick a digital cable remote , the feature to turn numerous devices on at the same time with one button , and to top it off , it has pretty red lights . I did n't even use the pre programmed codes I did it all by the Learning Mode it has.The only thing that almost made me hate this remote just like the past 5 or so that i 've purchased , is that when I was attempting to program it at first it only learned like half the buttons I programmed . But then I thought something must be messing it up so I turned off my comp that was right next to me and bam ! it 's been a dream ever since . So if it does the same to you , might be getting interference from a wireless connection -LRB- wifi . -RRB- Overall , just go for it if you need one . No reason not to . $ 25 bucks , ca n't go wrong .
 This was a Warranty response for this remote . It was handled in a responsible and timely manner . The faulty remote was replaced by a new remote . I was entirely satisfied .
 Excellent product ; easy to program ; used to replace -LRB- 3 -RRB- remotes -LRB- Panasonic TV , non-name DVD player and Onkyo receiver -RRB- ; remote is stylish with excellent button layout and good backlight ; well engineered .
 My wife gave me a 32 '' LCD HD television for Christmas . I was thrilled with it until I realized the remote control that came with it did not support the DirecTV HD box , and the DirecTV remote did not support the LG brand . I went looking for a learning remote that was reasonably priced and would be easy to program . I purchased the Universal 7 device remote thinking that I would have to figure out how to program the three remotes I had . To my surprise and pleasure , this unit had in its memory the three components -LRB- TV , DirecTV HD Receiver and DVD -RRB- already . The codes were perfect and this little gem works all of the nuances of the three devices . Anyone who is looking to buy a reasonably priced remote that is easy to use , buy this one . I could n't be happier !
 Easy to setup and works real well . I was able to setup a vcr , dvd , receiver , sat . box , and a tv all on this one device ! I like some of the special features like combining volume of several devices on one key and the on/off combinations too .
 This subwoofer was very easy into integrate into my audio system . The tonal quality of the bass is completely adjustable and the front firing speaker gives you many options for placement in the room . I thought my system was very fine , but the addition of this subwoofer has made an unbelievable difference . The improvement in overall audio quality is amazing .
 KLH has been around longer than many of its customers and their expertise is reflected in this product . The wiring diagram from the instruction manual has been copied onto a large page for ease of installation . When the speaker is n't receiving any bass information , it automatically goes into `` standby '' mode . This means you do n't have to power the unit on and off each time you use your DVD . It connects either to a subwoofer port on your receiver or between the receiver and your two front speakers . The resulting output is very impressive with a THX theater feel during intense action sceens . Two suggestions
 I have a M&K ; MX-105 subwoofer I have used for 14 years now as the subwoofer for my home theater . It is very large and has a pair of 12 '' drivers . It is a fantastic sub and ALWAYS delivers the goods at high volumes during action movies like Saving Private Ryan and Master and Commander . It can also play the most punishing rap and techno at OBSCENE volume levels.So when I finally decided to build a stereo JUST for my computer -LRB- it IS tied into my home theater , and when listening to music on my computer I usually use headphones -RRB- I knew I wanted something that was comparable to my main system . I always liked the quality of KLH and when I saw a used powered 10 '' sub at the Goodwill for only $ 30 I knew I had my sub . I had an old Harmon Kardon stereo amp and a pair of great JBL bookshelf speakers -LRB- once used as my surrounds for my main system -RRB- , and `` presto '' , my computer system was born.I have to say I really love this KLH subwoofer . The output frankly surprised me as it seemed to put out nearly as much sound as my M&K ; 's yet is half the size . I also was very impressed by how tight this sub is . I usually do n't like ported subs -LRB- my M&K ; is a sealed system -RRB- as they usually seem `` boomy '' to me , yet this KLH is VERY tight , certainly as tight as my M&K. ; Someone said this sub was `` boomy '' and I have to wonder whether it was poorly placed -LRB- placement is nearly as important as the quality of the sub -RRB- or poorly set-up . I have had MANY subs in home studios , car stereos -LRB- perhaps a dozen car audio subwoofer system from three 10 's to TWO 15 's ! -RRB- , and home theaters and I was truly impressed at the sound quality of the KLH.I can promise anyone they will not be disapointed in this sub . As far as the complaints that it breaks after a period , well , I do n't know about that . I have to admit I LOVE bass and push my subs pretty hard , but NEVER to the point of distortion or break-up . I suppose I will see about whether it stands the test of time or not . I sure hope it does , I know my Miller and Kriesels are absolutely BULLET-PROOF . I guess truth be told , if you can afford M&K ; or Velodyne , though you will pay more for the same sound quality , they will most likely outlast less expensive gear , I know that 's true of my M&K ; 's . Anyway , I would recommend the KLH ASW10 's to anyone.MOSFETKLH SL-1000 10 '' Downfiring 100 Watt Power Subwoofer -LRB- Black -RRB-
 I have to say , after hearing many different brands of audio equipment out there . KLH is the best deal I 've seen yet . I see all these people saying how they have so many problems , what are you people doing to this sub for it to stop working that fast ? It has an internal amp , that does n't mean you need to use the speaker inputs with high amp and then have the gain up high . Are you running it for long periods with bass testers or something ? Read the manual , it says to prevent long and loud bass for extended periods of time . Maybe you people just do n't know how to use audio equipment the proper way and with care for the equipment as well . And anyways , just like with a car for instance , you do n't get it and then floor it until you break it in a little , the same thing goes for audio equipment.Besides the aspect of its `` problems '' people seem to have generated with this speaker , I would say it has the quality of some Velodyne subs , and they are almost 2 times the price for an 8 '' subwoofer . So , all I can say is , if you want an awesome stereo system and do n't want to refinance your house , go with KLH for everything , I 've had no problems with any of my equipment -LRB- Digital Dolby Receiver , Floors , Bookshelfs , Sub and my other stereo w / 8 '' bookshelfs -RRB- .
 This is a great sub-woofer . As said in other reviews , it does have port noises . I found these only when I had the sub in the middle of my room . Any sub in a port enclosure is going to have port noises . If you place the sub correctly the noises go undeteced even at max volume levels . As for the people that blew the sub or the amp , that is from running too much power to the amp . I have 30 watts rms running to it and I get thunderous bass with the amp set at less than half power . I highly recomend this sub-woofer !
 I bought this unit in Dec 05 , and it is still working well a year later . I 've only had one instance where it locked up and needed to be reset -LRB- with no loss of recorded shows -RRB- . The other reviewers have gone over the features , so I wo n't repeat those here , other than to say that it works as advertised.The main feature lacking is DVD recording capability , however none of the other HD units that I examined had that ability either . Also , there 's no high-speed dubbing option , so recording to an external VCR or DVD must be done at 1X speed.I 'm planning to keep this unit , until they make a DirecTV unit that has HD and DVD recording capability .
 I have had TiVO for several years now . With separate TiVO/receiver units , channels can occasionally not change properly -LRB- like getting channel 8 instead of 80 -- this used to happen with a separate unit we had . -RRB- The integrated units solve this plus the picture is wonderful because it has n't been reinterpreted -LRB- the picture is the same after recording as it would have been watching it live . -RRB- We use ours with DirecTV plus an indoor antenna which we mounted in our attic . This totally surprised me -- the indoor antenna works great and gets additional HD channels ! To our delight , the Hdvr handles this beautifully -LRB- even with duplicate channels ! -RRB- Be sure to activate the 30 second skip feature -LRB- so you can skip commercials -RRB- and give yourself some time to get used to a TiVO -- our first one really changed the way we watch TV . We never worry about missing our favorite shows -- we just sit down when we feel like watching a show and select a show we actually * want * to watch instead of channel-surfing . When we are excited to watch a new episode we 'll just start watching it 20 minutes or so into the episode so that we can skip commercials -- you can record * while * you are watching the same program.If you have multiple HD DirecTV inputs , you can record two shows at once while you are watching a third previously-recorded show.For the kids , we keep a selection of their favorite shows -LRB- non-HD -RRB- and there is no need to mess with a VCR or DVD player ! They never even watch live TV , which means they can skip the commrecials which I 'd rather they not see anyway!The one improvement I would like to see is for `` series 2 '' TiVO , which would allow groupings into folders , but I think it 's worth it to have the TiVO integrated !
 Like many , I had an HDTV that I watched little HDTV on . Not because of lack of programming available , but because having to watch commercials or watch TV on the network 's schedule prevented me from watching LIVE HDTV -LRB- we owned three low definition Tivos prior to this purchase -RRB- . Yes , DirecTV does n't office some of the home media options or folders on their Tivo boxes , but those are mostly peripheral offerings . Nothing does what this unit does as well as this unit does it period . This unit takes Tivo and HDTV to the next level ! Two recording sources . Real-time conversion to all TV formats . Same Tivo interface we all love plus a more traditional satellite box guide view . Off-air and satellite reception . There 's a reason why this unit won best of show at CES . And something I was n't aware of , you do n't have to purchase the $ 300 lifetime subscription with DirecTV DVRS.When I first purchased this unit , I thought I would have trouble justifying a $ 1000 spend . Now that I have it , even my frugal wife understands why I bought it and the HDTV I purchased last year .
 If you are looking for HD , tivo and surrond sound , this is it . It is excellent when it is working propoerly , but ther are issues :1 . No series 2 software , so no networking , or nice folders to organize your programs .2 . Poor quality . I 'm on my 4th unit , BUY the extended warranty , well worth any price . The HDMI port failed 3 times ! 3 . Processor is VERY slow at times , compared with TIVO series 2 stand alone unit . Long pauses at time when changing season passes and making taped show switch to `` never delete '' mode .4 . No direct HD local channels , only via antenna .5 . Few HD channels available , plus pay -LSB- ... -RSB- extra per monthGood points :1 . Surround sound .2 . HD taping3 . 30 hours HD and 200 hours regular programming .4 . You can hook up a HD antenna to get local HD broadcast and tape them with TIVO !
 I bought my first one a year ago . I spent close to a cool thousand on it . Ouch ! However it was well worth it . I was watching HDTV on TiVo . I live in Orange County , CA and receive several HDTV programs plus DirecTV is getting good with the HDTV service as well with Fox , NBC , ABC , and CBS all in HD -LRB- I got in under the radar screen a few years ago and get both east and west coast feeds -- they do n't allow that anymore though -RRB- . This unit allows you to record two HD programs at the same time . You can choose your output resolution as either 480i -LRB- for recording to DVD for example -RRB- , 480p , 720p , and 1080i . I have it setup with my 70 '' Grand Wega XBR Rear projection LCD and I love it . I have the second one hooked up to my 36 '' 4:3 CRT Wega . As the price comes down I will get another for my Sony 21 '' 16:9 LCD Panel.If you own a nice HDTV , have DirecTV , and do n't have this unit . You are just an idiot . Suck it up son , by it . You will love yourself for doing it within minutes.Note
 I have been waiting for a high-definition integrated DirecTV TiVo box for a long , long time . I held back on buying a separate TiVo box , held back on buying a third-party product . Well , I can definitely say this was worth the wait and lived up to my expectations so far.The menus are very intuitive , as they are with all TiVo products . Mine was up and running within minutes after unpacking and activating it . I immediately began surfing through the current TV listings , giving movies and shows thumbs-up , double-thumbs-down , triple-thumbs-up , etceteras , ordering season passes , and setting recording schedules for a few movies.Since then , I have never had one problem whatsoever with the system . It has recorded probably 300 shows , some of them high-def , some standard , and all that I have watched have been flawless in terms of picture quality and simplicity of operation . I have only felt the need to watch live TV a few times since then , mostly for current news.I have it hooked up to an OTA antenna for local high-definition programming . It has recorded fine from there at 1080i , and integrated the local channels into my listings seamlessly.If I had to identify some flaws , what would I say ? One thing is that when you are selecting a program for recording , or a season pass , the system will tell you if there is a scheduling conflict , which is good , and you can at that point select `` Find other Showings . '' However , you can not see which of the other showings does NOT have a scheduling conflict without selecting one , and waiting for the system to compute this . It would really be helpful to have a feature where , once it knows the show you want to record , it would automatically find showings that have no schedule conflicts , or if it can not find any , shows you what conflicts exist for each showing so you can pick the most convenient one without the trial and error . It 's a small complaint overall.The system is slow at first , while it builds your database of suggestions and of showtimes . However , once everything is loaded , response time was perfectly acceptable . This can take a couple of weeks.Also , this system has a dual tuner , so you need two connections coming in from your satellite , plus one from your antenna if you have one . This is a lot of wiring . Luckily not an issue for me , but this bears noting for those looking to buy one . All TiVos are the same from this standpoint , otherwise you would not be able to watch live TV while recording another channel . HOWEVER , you CAN watch ANY already-recorded programming on your TiVo while it records another show on another channel , even if you only have one cable running to the TiVo . This means , once your system has a bunch of stuff recorded , you may find you do n't need to watch live TV very often , and thus the inconvenience of using just the one tuner would not be the worst thing in the world.I do n't see how you could go wrong with this machine . I guess a terabyte of storage would be better than just the 250 gigabytes , but I have not run out of storage yet , and you can always send it away for more capacity through one of the third party companies that soup these things up . One other criticism I have with the system is that they could if they wanted make it possible to hook your TiVo to an external hard drive . I did not see any instructions on doing that , but that would be such an easy fix to the storage problem.A final complaint
 Equipment I HaveDirecTV HR10-250 Receiver2 DirecTV R10 ReceiversTerk 3-LNB HD Satellite DishSony KD-34XBR960N 34 '' Widescreen HDTV -LRB- HR10-250 connected -RRB- Sony RDR HX715 DVD RecorderSony 27 '' Standard Definition TVSony 13 '' Standard Definition TVInfoDirecTV HR10-250 is a high-definition receiver for DirecTV customers only . It also has a DVR with TiVo . With DirecTV , the DVR/TiVo service is only $ 4.99 per month . If you have up to four other DVR receivers in your home , you only have to pay the $ 4.99 one time per month .250 GB Hard DriveApprox . 33 hours of high-definition recording space , 225 hours of standard-definition recording space.PraiseI tried many different receivers for DirecTV at Circuit City and Best Buy . This was the best HD receiver that I found . Best features , better picture and sound.The menu speed has been improved in the Series 2 Tivo . I runs pretty smoothly for me.Nice FeaturesDual TunersRecord one program while watching another program with dual tuners -LRB- twin incoming cables -RRB- . Or you can record from two channels at the same time , while you watch something that you previously recorded . You would need three VCRs to do this with VHS.WishlistA great feature . Save Wishlists for your favorite films , actors , or directors . Examples in my Wishlist
 Not much you can write about a cable . . Connects ok and works . I do like that I was able to straighten it out from being rolled up .
 Does its job . It 's very long , and the rubber housing at the end of the cable is solid . The speed is up to snuff - this thing is handling the gigabit ethernet on my LAN . No complaints .
 These patch cables are made very well . They do not tangle.The latches on the connectors are protected by plastic tabs.This is nice to keep them from coming loose by mistake , but itmakes it a little hard to take them in and out if you have bigfingers . I do not move stuff around too much , so I like these cordsa lot .
 The connectors are real nice . Some of the best I have seen . The cable and connectors are built very well . Very happy overall with the cable .
 This is a great DVD player . It has everything you need , at a price you ca n't beat . It 's such a good buy . It 's easy to set up and easy to use . A great first DVD player for anyone who is thinking of getting a DVD player . I would n't use it on my HDTV home theater , but if you just want something simple that looks great , this is the one . It has good sound and picture for the price . Have n't had any problems with it , what can I say I love it . It was cool.Big Truck
 Given the price the Oritron DVD-200 -LRB- and all his brothers -RRB- are a perfect buy , given that the work honestly , and give you the chance to change the region at will through the instructions you can find on the Net.Moreover , someday , somehow , we will discover the code to disable the Macrovision !
 with all of the different DVD players out there , it is hard to find which one to buy or for what type of player to look for . if you are a more astute movie fan , you will want THIS Oritron DVD 200 ! not only does it play U.S. DVD 's , but it also plays ANY REGION DVD from any country - plus - VideoCD 's -LRB- VCD -RRB- which usually only work on computers . with video quality that of -LSB- an expensive -RSB- system , you ca n't beat one of the best DVD players for 2002 !
 it 's good to know this machine is backed up by a name brand ... known more for headphones , -LSB- other brand -RSB- really delivers with this ORITRON DVD player ! for -LSB- money -RSB- you get a Multi-Region DVD player -LRB- plays U.S. DVD 's + any other DVD from around the world ! -RRB- plus those cool VideoCD 's -LRB- VCD 's -RRB- that you can get from Asian dealers ! -LRB- if you like Hong Kong action flick -RRB- ... it 's a AWESOME DVD PLAYER at a decent price ! you get all the features in a more expensive player PLUS the multi-region DVD playback NOT FOUND in the more expensive brands ! A + + +
 I bought 4 of them for my household and they were a great bargain . Every one of them still works to this day .
 The Oritron is an unbeatable value ! It does , and has , just about all the options some other supposedly '' high-end '' players have and still manages to do it all very cheaply . I was very impressed with the build of the unit itself and the packaging it came in , which , subconsciously at least , all add to a product 's reputation . Unlike what some have said , this player indeed does have Dolby 5.1 built-in and DTS pass-through . You use the digital coaxial output line to hook this baby up to your home reciever or shelf system and you 're ready for some surround sound fun . The quality of a DVD picture is going to be just beautiful ; there is n't going to be a difference in the picture this player outputs from an expensive Panasonic deal , I assure you . I have no doubts about that . It has parental lock-out , which is a good feature that some more expensive do n't have , it has a zoom function -LRB- not that many people use that -RRB- , and it even has S-Video capability . I wholeheartedly recommend you pick this player up . Skip all those other overpriced models with essential the same features ; it 'd be stupid to do otherwise .
 Anyone who wants a cheap DVD player can get this one for a real bargain . You can play all the DVDs you want and it is very easy . I love this !
 Excellent product for the price . However , if you plan to play DTS music CD 's , this machine will not let you do it -LRB- refer to the editorial reviews -RRB- . I bought a dts music cd and have wondered for a long time why I cound ' t play it on this Oritron dvd player ... However , consider dts cd music cd 's are rare and rather expensive , you may save yourself a bundle buying this machine .
 I bought the Oritron DVD 100 . The quality of the picture is very good . This unit is good enough to enter the world of DVD UNTIL the DVD recordable players enter the market . This is the main reason why I did not buy a high end DVD player .
 . . DVD players I own , and I have 3 -LRB- Sony & Pioneer are my others -RRB- and the ORITRON is the best ! so it does n't have a big name behind it , so what ! it saves you MONEY ! you are n't paying for the NAME ! This awesome player will play any NTSC DVD plus also plays those VCD 's -LRB- Video CD -RRB- that usually only computers could play ! The remote is great and allows you to play all the individual chapters/pages on a DVD instead of going through the DVD menu ... which is handy in finding all those hidden easter eggs ! I use the S-VHS connection for the best picture , and the coaxial port for DTS and it is great ! Snag one if you can find it ! ...
 Negative : Plastic cover , small USB jack is very fragile and not a standard one . Be carefull not to break it . Automatic funcions are the main defect.Positive : Price.You can change all values as if it was a manual camera . With it i managed to take a shot at night with no light or flash as if it was a nightscope . I could not do the same with a 400 $ cannon . You can set values for exposure , shutter speed , white balance and ISO . If you know a little of photography you can take great pictures . Do not expect much from the automatic function . It is not a point and shoot camera.Menues are easy to use.I 'm happy with it .
 I did not expect much when I bought it for that price , but after I got it I am surprised I got a real deal . Very satisfied so far.Pros : It has every function a camera can possibly have , and very easy to access . It can print directly to the printer with picbridge . The vedio funtion is just superb , very good picture and sound ; you dont need to buy a camcorder . Light enough for me to carry every day every where . Lcd is also not bad . All the keys are designed for easy access , most suitable for a newbie like me . 10M picture is very good , and you can also adjust it . 3x opitical zoom is enough for daily use . 2 AA batteries for easy change.Cons : Batteries use up fast , probably because of 10M pixels , but when I changed to rechargable batteries , it works good , and I usually have 4 batteries for backup . If optical zoom is 5x , it 's perfect : -RRB-
 i 'm very pleased with the camera i have n't used it much but it was less complicated to use then i imagined with all those features . and the pictures i 've taken came out really nice and i played with it alot and i 'm getting long life out of the batteries , way better than my old camera . i like the fact it 's black too does n't look like everyone elses camera i just wish i could keep my fingers off the screen more .
 I recently purchased this camera and do like it very much . The pictures are very clear . One gripe is the lack of a viewfinder with an LED that would have allowed me to take pictures in a low light setting . It also could just be user error as a previous poster was able to take a night shot but I 'm an amateur . I think with practice and a little reading I should be better equiped for low light situations.Great camera and relatively small . Large 2.5 inch screen is great .
 I LOVE THIS CAMERA ! I bought this as my sanity keeper for my family trip to Hawaii ... -LRB- I 'm hyper and always need something to do . . -RRB- In 10 days , I took over 1500 pix . and was able to do so unobtrusively -- as the camera is VERY small and very powerful ! I shot inside , outside , people , landscapes , flower closeups , historical locales , flashless photography in museums and at historical demonstrations ... shots inside a battleship . The video functions far surpass my low expectations ... -LRB- including a surprisingly good audio microphone ! -RRB- -LRB- I used it upon my return to record my friend 's graduation with her PhD -RRB- I was sitting in west nose bleed and with a small small micro tripod was able to make shots look as though I was much closer . -RRB- This camera was amazing -- for a camera which I paid $ 99 at walmart dot com . -LRB- Not available in stores . -RRB- I can not stress enough how important it is to READ and UNDERSTAND the manual . Many of the problems discussed in other reviews can be ameliorated by 1 . a knowledge of videography/photography principles which can be learned free on line . and 2 . BY READING THE MANUAL !!!!!!! the 8 hour flight to Hawaii gave me plenty of time to do that!Basically this little fella was attached to my wrist by its strap unless I was swimming , showering , or sleeping ... for 14 days and no one believed how many shots I had because I was able to do everything relatively quietly and without creating major drama regarding flash or lighting . -LRB- But this is because I 've taken a couple classes in photography and videography and understood how to change the aperature and shutter speeds to get the results I wanted ! -LRB- and frankly the adjustments allowed my fidgety fingers to have something to do ! -RRB- I recommend some following `` must haves '' to answer some of the -LRB- true -RRB- short-comings my fellow reviewers have sited -LRB- correctly ! -RRB- 1 . -RRB- You must by an LCD shield for the screen if you want to have any hope of seeing anything on the LCD in moderate to bright sunlight . You will then need to use this as a Viewfinder and hold it close to your eye to see anything under these conditions . -LRB- Cost = $ 20ish -RRB- 2 . -RRB- I bought the energizer 15 minute battery charger and 8 rechargeable `` AA '' batteries for this thing . These are a MUST -- the reviews are correct this thing eats batteries and I too have gone through a typical battery set in 15 mins . of fairly constant shooting . If you can get the one with the free car adapter for the charger all the better :-RRB- -LRB- Cost
 We have had this camera now for about a month and we have been very impressed with it . It takes wonderful photos indoors or out and is for the most part point and click . It also has a very large LCD screen so it 's easy to line up your shot - this makes up for the lack of a viewfinder on this model . This camera also does short videos -LRB- length depending memory available -RRB- as well as timer settings and a 3 shot sequence which are all easy to access while in photo mode.We use it to take family photos at events and just around the house and usually get great photos - when we do n't it 's usually because we hesitated when pushing the button or shook the camera a little . Otherwise the photos are clear and of great quality.There are some negatives , but they are to be expected from a 10 Mega pixel camera . For one , the battery life is a bit short , but a set of rechargeable batteries takes care of that - I recommend NiMh over NiCad.I was also concerned about being able to see the LCD screen in bright sunlight , and although it is not 100 % clear at that time , it is still usable in my experience . The camera also has a battery saving feature that dims or turns off the LCD after a period of no activity , but keeps the camera ready to take a picture.The most important thing for me was that the camera had a memory card slot , and this one has an SD card slot inside the battery compartment . I currently have a 1Gb card in the slot and even at the highest settings , I can store 169 images on a single card.I would have to say that despite the low price , this is NOT a low price camera . I am very satisfied with it , and although you can not change out the lenses which I would like , it 's far less expensive then a 10Mp SLR camera with excellent photo quality .
 Pretty impressed , the only minor flaw I noticed is that when recording in the movie mode it flashes a red tint in the background but that may be some setup conflict I have .
 We purchased this camera for a recent trip to Italy , and I was n't too impressed with the feel of the camera when it first arrived - specifically the function buttons on the back , as they had an inexpensive `` feel '' to them . I was also concerned about several reviews regarding short battery life.But those negative impressions did n't remain for long . I purchased six rechargable AA batteries , but the battery life was never a real issue - especially if you activate the camera 's power save mode.The pictures had incredible clarity , and the close-up feature allowed me to take about twenty pictures , of pictures , from a relative 's photo album . The quality of those pictures are remarkable!The LCD screen is large , you can zoom in for a picture , capture it , and zoom in more when cropping , and the function buttons are rather intuitive once you learn them -LRB- including a high-quality video function -RRB- . I purchased , and recommend you get , a 2 gig SD memory card . I took over 500 pictures at 8 megapixel resolution & 3 long video segments and still have over half the memory left.The only , and I do mean only , drawback on the camera is the time-delay from the pushing of the button to the taking the picture . It is n't immediate , and the 1 second delay can create an issue if you , or your subject , is moving.But I highly recommend this camera . We spent a nice chunk of change taking 2 adults and 3 kids to Italy , and this camera was in a state of almost constant use while providing consistently positive results.With a few rechargable batteries and a 2 gig SD card , you should easily be as impressed as I was . This camera delivers far more than you would expect , especially considering the modest price .
 I love this camera . It is my second digital camera . My first was a kodak easy share and I liked that camera but the flash went out only after a couple years . It was going to cost almost as much as I paid for this one to get it fixed . This camera take very good pix ! It has alot of settings which I love - Ex . beach & snow , Sunset , kids .
 Super fast delivery . Great price on a 10 megapixel camera . Pictures are super sharp . Easy to use . Small and convenient to carry .
 I bought this camera and the seller was very good with communications . I got the camera in excellent condition and quickly . I will tell you it comes with all acessories but you do n't geta manual to operate the camera . I have figured it out with practice but there are alot of settings to explore . Thanks for a GREAT deal !!!
 Okay , so I do n't normally do this , but I felt obligated for this product.I am a student taking Spanish classes for a month-long course in Puerto Rico right now . Earlier last week , I dropped my camera in the water ... que triste !! So , I did some online browsing , and found this camera used for only $ 29 . The way I saw it was that that is the equivalent of three disposables , and I can put the photos online , so I gave it a shot.The camera arrived in about 4 days ... literally a week before it was supposed to ! I was estatic to see it , especially because those 4 days overlapped with Memorial Day Weekend.The camera came with a case , batteries , and cords . The batteries are just normal AAs , so I will probably use the rechargable ones I have when these die out . The camera takes standard SD memory cards , so I actually can use one I had for my previous camera . It has an internal memory as well , though , so if something happens with your card you have time to get to the store . This is a great feature that a lot of cameras do n't have now.The camera pretty durable . It 's surface is more of a matted black , not shiny , so it wo n't scratch as easily . Its a standard size camera-a little thicker than some of the more basic ones , but still thinner than my previous one . It will easily fit any camera case . The viewing screen is more than suitable . It is 10 megapixels , so images are very focused . I have taken both indoor and outdoor photos without a problemThe only complaints I have thus far are that it takes a little while to turn on -LRB- you have to hold the power button for a bit -RRB- and it 's kinda noisy -LRB- the buttons make noise -RRB- . But I really do n't consider either of these to be an issue . It 's features are straight forward to use.I honestly ca n't believe I got this for thirty bucks ... I will post if I have any problems in the future , but as my title says , `` Woderful so far ! ''
 Uses AA , so no expensive batteries to replace . Excellent pictures for such a small price . SD card , easily accessible and removable . I 've taken mine around the world , no problems with it .
 Great features and flexibility , takes great pictures - it 's a wonderful camera for the money .
 This unit is exactly as represented . It fits easily almost anywhere and is very handy . I create , copy and edit a lot of CD 's for my daughter who is a performer , so we accumulate a lot of music . If I could find any problems with the unit -LRB- like has already been said -RRB- , it could use a more sturdy footprint , but for the price and excellent accessability , this is an exceptional value . I am sending in an order for units number two and three and expect to get more . DOCBILL
 This CD tower by Atlantic holds 100 CDs in their jewel cases . It is compact and it 's certainly no eyesore . I use this rack to store CDs and I am satisfied.Another wonderful feature of this CD storage tower is that it can be stored just about anywhere , too -- at 32 inches high this storage tower is compact while doing the job of storing your CDs in an orderly and presentable fashion.The rack is constructed of black steel wire with `` cherrywood '' knobs . Caution
 I collect cd 's and I needed a rack that weould fit in with my other 5 racks . I found this item and was completely satisfied.It is an excellent product so I actually ordered two !
 This keeps my iPod Classic protected from scratches and bumps while riding my scooter . Looks good and fits great . I also use an iJet remote and the open bottom of this design allows the receiver to plug into the bottom of the iPod without the case being in the way .
 This is a simple cover that does the job . It looks nice and has a very sturdy feel . No bells and whistles ... just looks great and does what it should .
 The case is nice and slim , is not thick and clumsy and has great colors . Good opening to use with the headphones and the plug in for the USB connection
 This remote has most of the necessary buttons for remotely controlling Digital Video Recorders -LRB- DVR -RRB- . Additional useful features include backlit keypad . I am using it to control my receiver , DVD player , TV , and of course , my DirecTV DVR . I found it easy to program it to learn commands from other remotes . Highly recommended .
 We recently purchased this printer for two reasons . The first was because we do not have a printer at home and secondly because our daughter was having a birthday party and we wanted to take `` glamour shots '' of the girls with our digital . The girls decorated their frames and we wanted them to have their portraits ready to take home with them . To tell you how easy this printer is to operate , none of the girls were disappointed . I was able to take the pictures and then print them in a timely manner with 9 seven year olds demanding my attention . The quality of the photos are just as good as the local drug store . We are very happy with our purchase so far .
 The Epson PictureMate is a compact and lightweight dedicated 4 x 6 '' photo printer that works with or without your personal computer . Epson has done a great job bringing this toaster sized printer to market with the one feature people want
 I got this printer with my Nikon 5200 camera -LRB- see review -RRB- - Epson and Nikon were running a promotion where if you bought both together they offered enough rebates to make the printer essentially free . After having this printer for a few weeks and 50 pictures , I would have actually paid for this printer.Pros : - Color and clarity are outstanding - I had a local drug store print up some digital photos and printed the exact same photos on the Picture Mate . Surprisingly , the Photo Mate pictures actually looked better . The colors were more vivid and a little sharper . - Supports Pictbridge - With many newer digital cameras , the pictbridge technology allows you to select the photos you want to print from the camera . Just plug the camera into the printer , select the photos and come back later . -LRB- Only issue is that if you are printing a lot of pictures from the camera - make sure you are using an AC adaptor for the camera or your batteries may die in the middle of the operation -RRB- . - Cheap - Startup cost was essentially zero due to the rebates , but even without the rebates the printer is competitively priced with other dedicated photo printers . The running cost is about half of other printers - about $ 0.25 - $ 0.30 / print . This is about the same price as sending to a lab.Cons : - Speed - it takes about 2 minutes per print . That 's great when I 'm printing less than 30 pictures , but if one has to do more than that I would recommend sending to a photo lab . - No LCD Preview - I would have preferred to pop in my memory card into the printer and see the picture on the LCD that is to be printed . A minor inconvenience with pictbridge technology , but it would have eliminated having to use the camera with the printer . - Only 4x6 support - The printer will only print on 4x6 paper . Perhaps having an option for 5x7 would have been nice.In summary , this is an outstanding little printer if you want a dedicated photo printer .
 We 've had great luck with all our Epson printers and this is no exception . The photos come out great and it is nice to be able to print index prints in various configurations -LRB- Film Factory comes with the PictureMate and lets you print index prints , single prints , multiple copies of various prints and stickers if you have the correct paper -RRB- . We have been getting more than 100 pictures per cartridge -LRB- we do a lot of index prints and then just print the great ones -RRB- and have printed over 150 w/one cartridge -- about 80 index prints and 70 photos.I only wish the picture packs were carried by Office Depot or Target . Make sure you buy extras since they are n't at present available everywhere.The prints are virtually identical to ones processed in stores . If you have a good digital camera you 'll be happy with the results on this printer . -LRB- Note can not make larger prints -LRB- but how often do you really want an 8x10 ? And Picture Machines at most stores will make you an 8x10 when you do ... -RRB-
 I wo n't repeat what the other reviews say , except to comment that the quality from this printer is unbelievable . A few additional points :1 . At least one other reviewer complained that you ca n't print directly from a USB flash drive . This is incorrect - the USB socket is in the back .2 . One review commented that you ca n't use ICC profiles with this printer . It is correct that the driver itself does n't support profiles , but any color-management-aware application -LRB- Adobe PhotoShop Elements , CS , etc , Qimage -RRB- can use a profile with this printer . Having said that , though , the results are fantastic without a canned or custom profile .3 . My main complaints about the printer are : a -RRB- that it does n't have a preview screen , and it does n't read the file names from your memory card . This almost forces you to print a proof sheet or work from your PC.b -RRB- Also , at least when printing from a PC , the printer driver crops the image , and the documentation does n't tell you how much extra to leave around the edges . To print the entire image , you have to downsize it to around 3.77 '' x 5.6 `` c -RRB- The documentation is n't helpful about what dpi settings to use when printing from a PC . I have tried several different resolutions from 180 dpi to 720 dpi , and none of them look as good as just printing directly from the memory card . I 'll find the sweet spot eventually , but I 'll have to waste paper for a while . Since the printer 's built-in automatic interpolations works perfectly , it would have been nice if they incorporated it into the printer driver.d -RRB- The print cartridges are n't particularly reliable . My first cartridge required 4 cleaning cycles to unclog the nozzles right out of the package , then I got an error when there was still 1/3 of the ink left that the sponge inside was saturated and I had to replace the cartridge . I got only 45 prints from the first cartridge.Having aired those complaints , though , I have to say that the results are simply phenomenal .
 The PictureMate is definitely the best in class . But I will tell you I had a little trouble from the get-go , that once I worked out , left me with an excellent little printer . I am an aspiring Professional Photographer , which is to say I get paid for my work , but I am still learning , and still hoping to get a whole lot better . This printer is filling a definite need in my work . I tend to use it as a proofer , get a quick print of what I am working on , and for the benefit of my customers . Also , it is a great way to get your prints , since I have found that people seem to enjoy 4x6 's , even when you give them stellar prints in larger sizes , and I can understand why . I have found that with Digital , I take an awful lot of photos , and surprisingly enough , a good percentage are printable . I like to print my images and really see which are making the final translation to great prints . Also , I have found that no matter how much you Calibrate your Monitor , you still need to print to feel the print , to see where you are , and to see if a great monitor image translates to a great print . I think the greatest reward is when you find that a print far excels what you see on screen , and realize that it could have been thrown by the wayside.I think I got a defective product on my first try . The printer was noisy , quirky , and slow . But once I learned how to use the printer , and exchanged my bad for for a good one , I have fallen in love with it . I print from a Mac . Make sure you uncheck the Enhance Fine Details checkbox from the Print Settings dropdown in the Print Menu , so that your prints will print in a reasonable amount of time . Checked it takes 8 to 9 minutes , unchecked it takes 2 to 3 minutes -LRB- considering the durability and excellent color is fine -RRB- . In extensive tests , I can see no difference in quality.In considering comparable printers , I found an important consideration the ongoing cost of printmaking . The PictureMate refill runs $ 29.00 for a 100 sheet refill that includes both ink and paper . I found that I get between 120 and 140 prints from the ink cartridge . Epson Premium Glossy Photo Paper costs between $ 10 and $ 15 for 100 sheets , so the actual cost per print drops from the advertised 29 cents to about 25 cents . The competition has an operating cost of 50 to 60 cents per print . Throw on top of that the Epson Quality , and the long-lasting durability , and hands down the Epson wins .
 Yeah , some people wish it had and LCD to see the pictures and yes , some want it to print faster . However , this printer produces high quality photos that have a 100 to 180 year `` life '' span . I figure by then if the pictures fade there will be some technology to restore the photos . Buy this before you spend alot of money on another more expensive printer . It works great and it is easy enough for my wife to figure it out ! Happy Holidays !
 This printer quality is awesome . It takes maybe 1 minute to print a full 4x6 picture . It looks better than CVS and you can take a picture and have it in a frame in 5 minutes . I was tired of builing up my flasncard with 100 pictures then dreading sorting through them and uploading them online to ofoto or bringing the card into the drugstore that I never did it . Now when I have a great picture or I want Grandma to have a picture of the kids it is very easy to do . I love it .
 I kept reading the reviews for this printer and wanted to get one but I was afraid it would not really print as well as some reviewers stated . Finally , as a birthday present to myself , I ordered one Monday . I just got it today.Talk about easy setup ! I took it from the box , inserted the printer cartridge , inserted the paper , turned it on , placed my xD-Picture Card in the slot , and voila ... I was in business.I can only hope to be able to describe to you the EXCELLENT quality of the prints I made . They were truly `` at least '' lab quality -LRB- if not better -RRB- . The color was superb . The brightness was perfect . Detailed items were very clear . And talk about easy ... it does n't get any easier . I printed a copy of one of the pictures on my regular everyday printer -LRB- HP Photosmart 7660 -RRB- in order to compare the quality . I always thought my HP printer did a good job . Now , when I compare the two prints I ca n't believe I waited so long to buy the Epson PictureMate.I know that I just got it today and anything can happen , but unless something major happens to change my mind , I would HIGHLY suggest to anyone interested in printing quality pictures at home that they buy the PictureMate . I do n't think you 'll be sorry .
 I bought this printer in November and I love it !! I did lots of research before buying this printer and I 'm so happy with my choice . Not only was the price right -LRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- , but the reviews indicate that these prints will be long-lasting and fade resistant . You 're limited to 4 x 6 prints , but that 's perfect for me . I teach preschool and I printed pictures to go in frames for Christmas gifts for the parents ... they turned out beautiful ! My co-worker could n't believe that the pictures were printed at home and not at a photo lab . Since I print my digital pics from my PC , so I do n't miss the pop-up screen available on the deluxe version .
 First let me say , I have a real 13 '' printer by Epson and do all of the color matching and correction when using it.Problem is that the workflow on the larger printer really does n't meet the workflow needs of the wife.My wife has been using the picturemate for a year now and we have gone through probably 600 prints . It has been well worth it . The photos are exceptional.My ONLY complaint is the cropping it automatically does to fill the entire 4x6 when doing borderless . There really is no fit option on this printer to get it to print the entire original image for images that do n't match the aspect ration of 4x6 . But , it only bothers me and does n't bother my wife.Looking at the user manual for the new version of the picturemate with the picture viewer , it looks like they have solved this problem on the new version . Because of this I would recommend getting the version with the picture viewer display .
 Pictures are better quality than I expected . The top 5 % -10 % of the picture is cropped though . I use the Nikon d-50 and I print from the windows program that comes with the picturemate .
 I bought a Kodak printerdock , then a hp photosmartbut I was still searching for a smudgeproof pictureout of a home printer . The search is over !!! I bought an Epson PictureMate and I 'm loving it.All the other printers in my house are only collectingdust from now on
 This little gem is awesome ! I should have bought one a LONG time ago ! Beautiful prints ! Instant gratification . Best thing I 've bought in a long time . My own personal photo kiosk !
 I love my PictureMate . I just received it for Christmas this year , and ca n't stop printing pictures . I love that I did n't have to connect it to my computer , and I can edit the pictures right on the little screen . The photos come out looking FABULOUS . I wish I had it before I did my last scrapbooking project , where I spent an hour getting them printed by the machines at the store . This would have been much more convenient . Also , my husband bought me the carrying case , so I can take it when I go to visit my sister in Pennsylvania , or to the hospital when our baby is born . I just love it .
 I now have no excuse not to take pictures . The Epson Picture Mate is easy to use and the finished product is as good as or better than any photo lab . The one complaint that I hear and read about is the lack of a monitor . Since I review most of my pictures in the camera 's monitor -LRB- Nikon coolpix 995 -RRB- or enhance them with my computer , I hardly miss the monitor at all . If it prints too slowly for anyone , I suggest that you press the print button and go about your business . When you return , you wil have some of the finest quality -LRB- use the epson paper -RRB- longest lasting prints that you can obtain anywhere .
 Just received this printer . Bought it for my wife who is getting used to our digital camera , but still needs her actual pictures . Anyway , we were all excited to receive this . Finally got it . Opened it . Popped in the memory card and started printing.To be honest , the pictures are very good , but after reading some of the glowing reviews , I was a tad dissappointed . You can still see the really tiny , tiny dots -LRB- I have a 2 megapixel camera - not sure if that affects quality . -RRB- I compared a photo to the same digital photo that Costco printed and the Costco photo was smoother.My wife also noticed the slight difference but thought I was being too critical . She did not seem to mind . She thought the convenience of being able to simply print out 4x6 glossy photos was worth it.And that is the best part of this printer . I have tried to print out pictures previously on inkjet printers . Laying them out right , trying to maximize the paper usage because it 's not cheap . Trying to print em out at a reasonable cost . Trimming them . The whole process can be a pain . This simplifies it so much . Pop in the ink . Pop on the paper . Pop in your memory card and just a couple of button presses later you have some nice pictures . Anyone can operate this.Update 1/15/05 - I 'm trying to like this printer because of it 's ease of use and value - I seem to get more than the recommended # of prints from an ink cartridge , but the quality is not good . Way too many of the tiny little dots . These pictures are just not smooth - not like real lab pictures . Either I am doing something wrong or my the printer is not that good . For comparison , I did print out some and printed some at Costco - the Costco pictures were much better.After looking at my performance and rereading some of the other reviews , I need to question them a little .
 It was just as good as the one I have on hand . I would tell my frineds about tis web sitechuck
 love it , none is better , to keep printer running , print a page a week and it will not clog , i have six of them . buy it .
 Of the three photo printers I have owned this is the best . It worked great for around three years and then the print head clogged . During that time I got more than my monies worth out of it . The ink cartridges last much longer than the quantity of paper they come with so I would buy photo paper and print several more prints . I would think that for the quality , quantity , and price there is n't a better printer . I 'm planning on sticking with Epson for future photo printers because of the good experience . I would only recommend to take care packing it when you move . It stopped working after I moved . The movers did n't take care in packing it so the cartridge came slightly loose . I tink this might be why the printer clogged . I would recommend occationally printing a print maybe once a month when you are n't going to use it to extend it 's use .
 This product was just as it said it was . We are very pleased with it.Also it came in a timely manner for Christmas .
 Epson PictureMate Personal Photo PrinterI am not an expert , but print lots of pictures taken on a point-and-shoot compact camera . I have been very happy over a period of 3 years with this printer . It is reliable . The quality is very good . The pictures are as good as any I get from the local print shop .
 Before I bought the Epson PictureMate , I had some of my digital photos printed at the local drug store . Then I took them in to the store where I was going to buy my Picture Mate and asked them to print the same pictures so I could compare the quality.There was no comparison ! The pictures printed by the Epson PictureMate were 100 % better than the same pictures when they were printed commercially . So I bought it immediately.For $ 29 you get a six jet ink cartridge plus 100 sheets of 4 x 6 paper -- making the cost 29 cents per photo , same as in the store . Epson guarantees that you can print 100 pictures from the ink cartridges . Being somewhat cheap , I have printed several more pictures after the 100 sheets ran out . I did find that the quality on another brand of paper is not as good as on the Epson paper . They probably design the ink and paper to be used together.I am very satisfied with my Epson PictureMate . We took a long vacation this summer in a travel trailer , and it is compact enough to store easily , and easy enough to use that when I wanted to print up some of my photos I did .
 I have owned the Epson PictureMate for the past five months and have printed at least 1000 pictures with it . No other photo printer I have ever owned comes close . The prints are dry coming out of the printer , scratch resistant , and gorgeous . They are equal in quality to 60 cent prints from a photo shop and superior to what you can get at CVS , Costco , or online . I routinely get at least 150 prints from each cartridge -LRB- extra paper is available from Epson at $ 14/100 sheets -RRB- so the cost per print is much less that the 29 cents advertised . I have only had to clean the print head once . I use Photoshop Elements to crop and edit all my photos and have never had the cropping problem described in previous reviews . I suspect that some of this my be due to the camera not being set to take 4x6 ratio shots.A few minor caveats
 I 've had this printer for over a month now and I 've printed over 100 photos from the cartridge that was provided . I am VERY happy with the quality of the photos . Not only are they sharp but the color is beautiful and saturated . AND the prints are finger print proof !! -LRB- I 'm very anal about that so this is a huge plus for me . -RRB- As a photographer , they 're perfect for giving away as self-promotion items . I was able to print directly from my computer -LRB- I have an Apple G5 -RRB- and from a USB flash drive without any problems . I printed a friend 's wedding photos in black and white and in color and they could n't believe it was printed at home.There are only a couple reasons why I did not give this printer 5 stars . One was the lack of portability . A battery option would have been nice , especially since it is compact and comes with a handle . Also , there is no display to see what you are printing . How can you crop a photo without knowing what you 're cropping ?? I hope Epson will take these things into consideration and include these options in the next model.As for those of you who have had problems with the printer cropping your photos when you did n't ask it to , it is because your camera may not be taking 4x6 photos . The printer will fit the photo the best it can but it will have to cut some information out in order to print it on the given size of the paper.Overall , I am very happy I got this printer . I highly recommend it !
 This is the killer of the last die hard film camera users ! I purchased this printer for myself to go with a simple Sony 3.1 digital camera . My wife is the one in the family that takes all the snapshots of kids and family functions and vacations . She has resisted the digital photography revolution up until now due to the costs and hassle associated with digital photography . After one week of having this printer she changed her tune 100 % and now has switched to digital photography solely due to this printer.We 've had this printer for many months and found it to be great . The ink outlasts 100 prints and you can by the Espson paper separately . So it is getting even better than 29 cents per print . The lack of a screen on the printer is n't that bad as we delete unwanted prints with the camera 's functionality . It does cut off the head of the photo a bit , we are now careful to make sure the subject is not to the very top of the picture to workaround this problem.Quality definitely is better than comparable drop off photo shops , we printed the same photo at home and had them developed at local drop offs to compare.Only other minor annoyance is when you want to print just one or two photos on a card , there is no way to know what number the priter thinks they are without printing a thumbnail sheet -LRB- s -RRB- . I 've had to copy the desired shots to another card via my computer as a solution to save time hassle when I want to do this.This thing is great for basic snapshot photography people . If you take a lot of pictures and are always droping them off at local processors , this will change that forever . Its so easy to use , my six year old can even do it . The kids love to wait while the photos come out !
 Great printer if all you need is 6x4 pictures . The print quality it 's as advertised , top lab quality . Low price per print , since the `` ink '' , in fact pigment , will last you more then 100 photos.On the down side , a little bit slow -LRB- but not 6-7 minutes like someone post it here -RRB- , but considering the quality of the photos it 's worth it . Also known poor Epson support.Now if you print from desktop , the Epson driver will still somewhat crop your picture , even after you crop to 6x4 in Photoshop or something like that . That 's because the printer driver increases the size of the print to allow for sloppy alignment and the edges of the photo are oversprayed -LRB- printed off the edge of the paper -RRB- when borderless is selected.If this is a problem for you , there is a work around . Just add a border of about 15 pixels before you print , and the driver will remove the border and no additional cropping of the picture . There you go ... Happy printing ...
 I only make 8x10 prints , so I would not even have looked at this printer , except I was looking for one for my sister -- something simple , something that did not need to be hooked up to their computer . -LRB- The last thing we hooked up to her PC crashed their AOL . Her husband was not pleased ! -RRB- I 've also never owned an Epson , but this one could not be beat . As I write this , there is no other 4x6 printer that compares to this one in costs . You get prints for 29 cents each . And they are waterproof . The printer itself is simple to use ; my 9-year-old nephew figured out how to make prints just from reading the screen info . It also has a nice handle , so you can just take it with you on vacation or to other houses for holidays or parties . As stated , it does not need a computer . It reads cards , and has PictBridge ; so , all PictBridge cameras can be connected to it.The only problem I saw with it was it cropped the top of a picture by itself , which left someone a bit headless . But that may be something easily adjusted . Actually , this printer is too new right now to know if it has any major flaws . It seems to me it 's always the users and not the editorial reviewers who actually discover most flaws in products.If it has no flaws , however , as I said , it can not be beat by any other 4x6 printer right now . Independent studies by Wilhelm Imaging Research even show the photos from this printer should last 104 years ! Thus , it is truly the perfect printer for families or anyone else who make nothing but 4x6 prints , and lots of them !
 I did a ridiculous amount of research on photo printers before purchasing my Epson PictureMate Personal Photo Printer and contrary to what at least one other poster has stated , the archival quality of these prints -LRB- when the Epson ink/paper refills specifically made for this printer are used -RRB- are better than lab prints . -LRB- Wilhelm Imaging Research is a good place to begin if you want to research this issue . -RRB- My first complaint is something that is apparently fixable . When printing from a desktop , the printer crops your photo slightly . It does this even if you 've already edited your photo to the appropriate 4x6 size . However , after reading Alfy 's review -LRB- see below -RRB- , it seems there is a solution to this problem -LRB- thank you Alfy -RRB- . My second complaint is that the only paper option Epson gives you for this printer is glossy paper . I 'd really like to see a matte option.Regardless , this printer produces such amazing prints at such a low cost that I 'm giving it 5 stars anyway .
 Not bad for the price , but far from excellent in print quality as many reviewers are raving about ! Do not be fooled and realize the short comings of this printer , and it 's limitations . Over all I rate it at about 4 stars , would give it 5 starts but it is very slow , see below.First of all , if you are using a computer , and not stand alone , the supplied software from Epson , Software Film Factory 3.05 is quite useless , apart from the diver . You can not print for example two photos onto one sheet , the wallet size option , as shown on the box the printer comes in . To do this you need a different type of software , or have to disconnect the printer from your cpu and use as a stand alone.Secondly , the quality of print is , well let 's just say far from the desired , unless you click digital camera correction and also on the fine detail setting , and with these two options checked it takes about 6-7 minutes per print , to print ONE copy of the image . This is a very slow process for a 4x6 '' print but it is also the only way to get quality prints . For the record I have an Intel 3.0 + Ghz with HTT , IBM cpu with 1024 MB of ram , 800Mhz front side bus , thus it is not a slow processor running XP pro.Thirdly , if you use the printer as a standalone , to crop an image you have print a contact sheet which gives you variations of what is available , thus you just wasted an extra print or two before you get what you were after in the first place.Fourthly , the colors will need some adjusting to get good quality prints via your software . If you own Photoshop CS , or even Nikon 's own Nikonview 6.1 , as I do , to edit and to print , the above points except for the slow speed , can be overcome very easily , and can get very satisfactory images for about the same price or less that you would get at local photo lab with some effort of your own and with additional software to correct the limitations.As for digital photography replacing film , the cameras certainly now can do it , but print quality still has a bit of catching up , unless using dye-sublimation type of a printer is used , at a much greater expense which of course limited to 8x10 in size . The Epson PictureMate is a good product at an economical price , for 4x6 snap shoots with some reservations as noted .
 I was so tired of taking my pictures to CVS , Costco , etc. . So I decided I wanted a home printer for pictures . I kept telling my husband about it , and I must have looked at a dozen compact HP printers but I kept coming back to this one . I do a lot of scrapbooking and this is an absolute must-have if you are into that . The quality of the pics is amazing ! So sharp and true to life color !! I took a picture of the ocean and printed it out with a border-I showed my neighbor and she swore it was a postcard ... that 's just how great this product really is . I was hoping for an LCD screen to see what I was doing , but now that I have the Epson , I found it easier just as well to do all my cropping and picture numbering on my digital camera before I even print so I rarely use an index sheet or cropping feature . I am so shocked at how great this little guy is . . price , quality , ease of use , mobility , space saver and simplicity . All I can tell you is that this is the best thing going for your own personal photo lab , you will not regret buying it !!!!
 I purchased an Epson PictureMate three months ago and just love it . The quality of the photos is excellent and the printer is so easy to operate . I 've been getting about 125 prints per cartridge . I have recommended this printer to my family and friends and now to you . I 'm a picky person when it comes to photos and I can honestly say that the printer far exceeds the my expectations .
 Bought this for my wife for scrapbooking . Now , my HP Photo printer is gathering dust!Very high quality prints , fast printing , easy to set up to use and very economical . A must have for digital photographers of all levels of expertise . My wife saw this at one of her scrapbooking get-togethers . Users are able to plug their memory cards directly into the printer and print 4x6 pics effortlessly for between 15-29 cents a print ... a print cartridge yields an average 200 prints and at less than $ 22 per print package -LRB- 100 sheets of paper included -RRB- on Amazon , it 's a real bargain ! We bought extra packages of borderless paper as a standby.Very pleased - would highly recommend to anyone !
 I am very pleased with the quality of picture this printer produces . It prints fairly slow , but the ink is dry before its out of the printer , unlike the regular ink printers that you have to wait to dry and can not even think about touching unless you want to reprint . I am printing right off my Compact Flash card and using a USB jump drive to print any photos that come from my PC , like ones that were emailed or that I used my PC to do major editing on . I used to print very few of my photos at home because I wanted the `` lastabilty '' of prints from a professional photo processor . This is a good value for the money and I have more confidence these photos will hold up over time ... many saved trips to the photo processing service !
 I have a regular Epson printer , a CX3200 , and I 'm very happy with it . However , the whole task of printing regular photo-size images and then cutting them down to size from 8-1/2 x11 to 4x6 did n't appeal to me . I shopped around to see which photo printer looked like it was worth it and boy , am I glad to have chosen the Picturemate . I 've printed out about 140 sheets so far and I just now got the message that I have less than 20 % ink left ! Wow ! The images are sharp , everything looks great . I did have to adjust the size of my photos with Paintshop Pro so that nothing gets cropped later on . Of course digicam images do n't have the same height-width ratio to begin with , so it 's not really a printer problem . I am very happy with my purchase , and I 've been keeping the printer busy ever since I got it .
 Before getting this printer , I spent a whole week reading reviews and researching prices . Not only did Amazon offered the lowest price , the quality of the pictures exceeded my expectations . I had read that the pictures would take up to 2 minutes 30 seconds to print , but in fact it prints in around 1 minute which is great . The colors are awsome and the pictures come out completely dry , smudge-proof , fingerprint-proof and water-proof . What more can you ask for?Even what some people would consider a shortcoming such as not being able to preview the pictures before printing them really is n't . It lets you print borderless pictures but also proof sheet -LRB- up to 20 pictures -RRB- and wallet -LRB- 2 pictures -RRB- layouts . I liked that the wallet layour does n't have to be 2 copies of the same picture . It also allows printing all the pictures , some of them or a range.I 'm definitely glad my husband got this for me .
 It is an excellent product . The print quality is stellar and the picturemate is very easy to use . The only draw back thus far is the slow speed . I am happy with my purchase .
 I see one person had a problem after 14 prints ? LOL Ummm they give you a starter ink with 10 pics . I have printed over 300 so far and not one problem.Well I do have a problem but 's it not really one . I find I run out of paper 1st . I buy the combo ink and paper 100 sheets and I have on average printed over 140 pics per ink cartridge.I have yet to see any cropping problems . I do not use it with my computer though.As for the pics being waterproof ? LOL Why would any place the pics in water anyhow?A great product , it 's protable and gives a heck of a print .
 I am writing this review solely for the purpose of rebutting the other reviews that say this printer wo n't print borderless ona Mac using iPhoto . That is absolutely wrong . This person obviously does not know how to properly use the software and Epson drivers . This is a killer little printer and works perfectly on a Mac in iPhoto . Just make sure you set all settings everywhere -LRB- including iPhoto -RRB- to 4x6 and use the borderless option in the driver .
 I tend to be a skeptic . However seeing is believing . I had been watching the reviews of the Picture Mate and decided to check it out for myself . I was tired of going to the drugstore and standing in line to use their machines.Picture Mate has my stamp of approval . My only complaint is a minor one . The display viewer should be able to angle up so I can see it when sitting down.So far I 've only printed off the Compact Flash card without being plugged into the computer . Since I back up a lot of pictures on flash drives a slot for that would have been nice . The price is reasonable too .
 This is the easiest , funnest way to make some pictures I have ever encountered ... virtually idiot proof
 I have had this equipment now for several weeks and i think it is fantastic . If used with good quality picture paper then the results are really worth it . I recently tried some of the cheaper paper produced by Tescos and the quality of the results was really poor . It is quick to print and produces excellent results . Whilst not cheap i imported mine from the EU and saved 50 . The only gripe i have is with the obseen charges for other assesories they produce for the printer . Like the power inverter and also the blue tooth adapter . The power invertor comes in hand not just for the printer in the car but away on business i can plug in my laptop . This i ended up importing from the USA for 35 -LRB- including P+P -RRB- which is almost have price to what you can buy it in the uk . Also i found a bluetooth dongle on Ebay and for 12 including P+P i got one imported from HongKong -LRB- make sure you get one that doesnt need a driver disk , The really annoying bit though is i asked epson UK and epson Usa weather or not other Bluetooth dongles would work on the picture mate , they didnot answer and only say they will not support other bluetooth dongles . Hardly supprising when epson are ripping you off by charging you 60 for one . I can confirm my cheep Bluetooth Dongle works fine and have printed many picture from my camera phone.The product is good But Epson really do like ripping off its customers in the UK when it comes to the price of accessories .
 I bought this printer a couple of months ago after reading a very positive review in PCMagazine , and I 've been very happy with it so far . Recently , I took it to the beach for a week on a family reunion . I was able to create a personalized photo album for each attendee , right on the spot . In addition , other family members were able to to print out their photos from a variety of digital cameras , all without connecting to a computer.The quality of the prints is very , very good - as far as I 'm concerned it 's as good as what I 'd get from a lab . While I do n't have duplicate prints from a lab vs. what I 've printed on the PictureMate , I did notice this
 If you print mainly from a computer , the recent price drop in this product -LRB- because of the introduction of the new version with the LCD display -RRB- makes it a steal . I bought one at the original $ 250 price and another for my mother-in-law at the reduced $ 200 price before the new model came out and I still think it was a deal ! This thing prints great photos and is easy to setup and use . Print quality is terrific - better than highstreet photolabs and you ca n't beat the immediate gratifcation of snapping a shot and printing it right out at home . So its a little slow and noisy - go watch tv in the other room and come back when the prints are done!I 've been using this printer for over 6 months now and see absolutely no sign of any fading in the photos I 've printed , so I question that other review below . But you do have to make sure you use the Epson brand replacement packs . If you want to get more than 100 photos from the ink catridge that comes in the pack , you need to buy additional Epson glossy 6x4 photo paper -LRB- after-market brands of paper or ink wo n't produce the same results -RRB- . For printing general snapshots , I 'm averaging 120-140 photos per ink catridge . With the prices on Amazon for the replacement packs and additional Epson paper , you are looking at well under 20c per photo . These averages hold true printing doubles or triples of a whole range of photos . There was one reviewer complaining that he could n't print 100 all blue photos - I do n't think Epson ever guaranteed you could do that !! I have experienced some of the cropping problems mentioned in other reviews but , if you are printing from the computer , it is easy to fix . I 'm using Picasa - free software available for download online - and there are two solutions . The first -LRB- and less attractive -RRB- option is to print the full image without cropping on the 6x4 sheet with white bars down either side . -LRB- This is because the digital image stored by the camera is more square than the rectangular 6x4 paper . -RRB- The better option is to use the crop-to-fit feature and make sure to leave a little extra space at the top of the cropped image . The printer seems to crop the `` top '' edge -LRB- i.e. the right-hand long edge of the 6x4 paper as it feeds through the printer -RRB- slightly closer when it prints , so the extra space avoids cutting off the tops of heads , etc. . Once you 've cropped and printed a couple of times , the adjustment is very easy to make . You should also make a habit of composing your digital photos so that there is some extra room around the main image before you snap the photo . There is always some cropping needed for a borderless 6x4 image , so if the main image fills the entire LCD screen before you take the shot , something will be lost -LRB- top , bottom or both , depending how you crop -RRB- when you print.Print heads do need cleaning from time to time , but it is very easy to do . If you start to see any lines or color banding on the photos , just stop the print job and select and run the `` clean print head '' function using the menu button on the printer . One clean -LRB- or exceptionally sometimes two cleans -RRB- and you are back in business .
 I own this little printer for three months . I have printed around two hundred pictures - not a single problem so far . Here are my observations : * Picture qualityis much better than one found in typical `` Wal-Mart print '' . From other hand , dry sublimation systems or top of the line inkjet printers produce better pictures . To be frank - you need magnification glass to tell the difference.Have I mentioned that pictures are waterproof ? Well , they wo n't withstand your dishwasher , but couple of drops is not a problem at all . Epson also promise 100 years durability - so far I can only confirm 90 days ... * Cost per printThis little printer is absolute champion so far . Epson holds its promises and prints around 95-105 pictures on one color ink pack . So far average cost per print for me is $ .22 per print -LRB- I buy T5570 on Amazon -RRB- - this is cheaper then most on-line services - and you only need two minutes to get your photo ! * Speedthis printer is * slow * . Period . It takes two minutes to finish one print . Five minutes if you ask driver to put `` fine details '' -LRB- sometimes this is useful for landscapes -RRB- . If it bothers you - consider other printer . I usually queue 10-20 pictures to print and check back in thirty minutes.What you should know about : - it is better to print from you computer -LRB- do not forget USB cable - it is NOT included -RRB- . Printing without computer is possible , but requires you to waste paper for preview sheets . If you plan to print mostly in `` standalone '' mode - consider another printer ; - this printer -LRB- as many printers in this class -RRB- does not support ICC profiles ; - input tray holds only 20 sheets ; - bundled software is OK , but it tends to be very aggressive on `` automatic fixes '' - pictures look unnatural . I prefer to use Picasa for simple fixes.-if you use `` fine details '' mode , picture look outstanding even under magnification glass , but you will be able to print only around 85-95 pictures instead of 100-you can use PictureMate as xD/SM/MS / MSpro/CF type I&II ; card reader ; - you can see vertical bands on freshly printed pictures - do not worry they go away in several hours ; - you need to wait 24 hours before pictures dry completely - within this period they could be scratched easily ; I would say this is very well balanced machine for routine picture printing at home .
 Reading some of the reviews here makes me realize that some users may not be aware of the true potential of this little gem . Probably a lot of users uncheck the `` Enhance Fine Details '' checkbox to save some printing time . Big Mistake ! I 've wasted a lot of photo papers by disabling this feature . Once I enable it , print time is somewhat slower , but photo quality is breath-taking ! -LRB- for sure * better * or on-par with photo labs -RRB- My advice ? Turn it on if you have a few minutes to spare . You simply wo n't regret it . Good things ca n't be rushed .
 I love this printer ! Until I read the specs on this product , I was * strongly * against printing digital photos at home for 2 reasons
 I recieved this as a birthday present , and I could n't be happier with it . The print quality is just excellent . When I first tested it , I printed out a picture of a lightning bolt that I had found on the internet . Needless to say , it was like I had taken the picture myself , then went and got my film developed.It 's very straight forward , and easy to use.Over all , I 'm very pleased with this little printer . It 's exceeded my wildest expectations for a photo printer .
 I recently bought the Epson Picturemate and to my surprise , it has been one of the best photo printer I ever had . The quality is excellent and very easy to use . Here 's a tip for those who are going to buy one , the cartridge included with the printer can last much longer than the 20 sheets provided . I am using regular 4x6 Photo Paper and it has been working as good as the original . After 30 prints , the ink status still shows full .
 This is absolutely the most user-friendly product we 've ever had . Our 9 year old had it up and running in about 15 minutes - and it would have been even quicker if he had n't had to install the printing cartridge , which was also a simple process , just took a few extra minutes.These are the features we love :1 . We can take it with us to family gatherings and print photos on the spot . No computer needed , just a digital camera or even just the memory card from the camera if you want to make copies of existing photos .2 . It is lightweight .3 . Anyone can follow the directions and have it up and running quickly .4 . The photos rival any you 'd get from a typical photo developing store . For amateur photographers , this is a great find . If you 're a pro , you probably already have your own darkroom , but this would be a nice option for quick pictures .5 . The price is right . Should last for years .6 . The paper is typical `` photo '' size .
 This printer is THE best ! Someone wrote about the cropping . I had that issue until I figured out how to use it . No offense but it 's just a common thing in the tech world . This printer absolutely prints to the edge just like a photo lab . It is AWESOME without a doubt . I showed them to my friends and they could hardly believe I did it at home . You can cut , crop - make photos black and white or sepia toned and the quality is just brilliant ! The ink cartridges last great . I printed 150 pictures from a trip to Kauai and it did n't miss a beat . Yes , it is a little on the slow side , but by the time you factor in drive time to and from dropping photos off to be developed and the fact that you have to develop the whole roll even if you do n't like half the pictures - this printer is the way to go .
 I had this little gem out of the box and up and running within about 10 minutes . So simple , a 6-year-old could use it!I love the compact size , and the quality is incredible . I used up my trial pack of paper in the first sitting , so be sure to order extra ! Note
 This Epson PictureMate is fantastic !! When it was delivered , I set it up and was printing photos is 20 minutes !!! Even my computer/printer/camera challenged husband was raving about it . It could n't be any easier to use whether you are printing right from your memory stick or flash card , or printing from your computer . This is the best $ $ I 've spent in a long time . No need to configure photos in a photo program on the computer , you just tell the PhotoMate what you want on the touch screen and your pictures start printing . It will print whatever you want however you want it . Amazing !! You wo n't be sorry , that 's a fact .
 This is a great printer ! I have n't finished the first cartridge yet , so I 'm not sure if it goes over the 100 prints -LRB- which puts cost around $ .30 / print -RRB- . But even at that price , by the time you upload to a website and pay for shipping or drive to store and pay for that this printer is a steal ! The image quality is superb ! I brought pictures to work from the printer and from an online photo processor and no one could pick out which came from where ! It is well worth it to be able to get prints of your digital prints in mere minutes !!
 I love my picturemate , i can take pictures and print them soon after . I will say that it is a great product to buy . I have grand children who are on the move . Now with picturemate i can process pictures in my own home . Thank you picturemate .
 We 've only had ours a week and I wish we 'd bought it sooner . The photos are sharp and every bit as good as commercially printed ones . I like it that they are dry and can be handled right away unlike my big HP printer 's photos which stay sticky for some time.Having this gives such freedom to print and print photos to enclose in letters , to use in scrapbooking , and to frame for your home or for gifts . Really convenient and takes very little space on the desktop .
 I 've had a love-hate relationship with EPSON , the Stylus Color IIs I had was nothing but a letdown . However , I bought their Stylus Photo 1280 and I have been very pleased with it.After some extensive research between the HP and the Sony PictureStation I found that the Picturemate was a no-brainer on paper.Not only did I set it up in less than 10 minutes , but I printing too . All the cards are supported , the prints are borderless -LRB- no need for those hideous rip off tabs like HP used -RRB- and the quality is nothing short of exceptional.The 6 color ink system blows the three color dye-sublimation of the HP out of the waters . The Epson PictureMate is highly recommended .
 I realllly wanted to give it 41/2 stars , but truly ca n't . I would have liked a LCD screen , and I feel it needs a few more editing capabilities while standalone . While I wish it could be battery , or electrically operated , I wo n't hold those things against it.I set mine up to print pictures I needed quickly that had been loaded to my computer , and deleted from my cards . The lil workhorse printed them all beautifully . I love it.I then printed a couple more just to see how well it printed . When my husband saw them , he stated , oh these were not taken by your digital . I said oh yes they were.If it had a few more editing capabilites , and the screen it would be perfect .
 You ca n't go wrong with this printer . It prints INCREDIBLE prints right out of the box . I did a ton of research before settling on this beauty . I compared the Epson R800 and the Pixma 8500 . Although I was only looking to print 4x6 's , I was ready to shell out the money for these medium format printers . There was no need . The prints on the Picturemate were better than anything that I have achieved with either of these two printers . Really , the picture quality is incredible ; I ca n't stress that enough.The printer is also packed with so many great features . It has a multimedia bay for reading all your memory cards and even acts like a memory card reader for your printer -LRB- although it is only at 1.1 usb speeds -RRB- . Another awesome feature is hooking this baby up directly to a cd-burner and having it burn your memory card contents without a computer . This is a great feature for my mom who still does not know how to burn a disk on her computer.The best part is the $ 0.29 cost of each print -LRB- if that -RRB- . I have to guy out an buy some more paper because the printer cartridge just keeps going and going.By the way , I am a Mac user -LRB- Panther -RRB- and have had no problems with this printer.I would highly recommend this printer !!
 This is you
 I must admit that the only other printer I have purchased was an Epson too , so I am slightly biased towards them , but is n't it great when you buy a product and it does exactly what you expect it to do.The PictureMate DOES produce photographic quality prints . I wo n't go into the resolution because to many people this means very little , all they want to know is will they be happy with the finished result ? Suffice to say the resolution is more than adequate and YES you will be happy with the results.The printer will print pictures from JPEG or TIFF images from any digital camera that has a USB port and is compatible with both PC and MAC platforms . A variety of memory card types is accepted . If unsure check it out.Among its features are a multiple print function to allow multiple copies.Onr small criticism , the manufacturers should include a USB cable , even if it boosts the price a little -LRB- did I really say that ? -RRB- . There is nothing more frustrating than getting home , opening the box , chomping at the bit to get started and finding out you can not print pictures because you have not got a spare cable . Complaining over , this is a great piece of kit .
 Epson has done nothing but improve upon the technology that has surpassed all of its competitors for several years . The PictureMate is Epson?s answer to the HP Photosmart compact series of 4X6 photo printers . While it is a bit larger , this fact is easily overlooked when the cost per print and the quality of said print are taken into consideration.The PictureMate uses a single cartridge for its ink supply . The cartridge is good for 100 prints . The ink comes with 100 sheets of 4X6 paper in what Epson refers to as the PictureMate Print Pack that retails for about $ 29.99 depending on location . That breaks down to 30 cents a print.This is a great little printer . There is a considerable selection of accessories for the unit , though it does quite a bit with nothing but what comes in the box . The price point is right on for a printer of this quality and the cost per print can not be beat by anything that is on the market . If you are looking for a printer that does only 4X6 pictures , this is the one.epc
 I used to only order prints from Ofoto.com . I tried Shutterfly , Wal-Greens , Wal-mart , Costco , RitzCamera , etc. . None of them ever matched Ofoto . Either the color was off or the paper did n't feel right . Working in the tech department for a major office supply store I get to test out all the new printers . I 've never been happy with the results though . The Canon almost got it right with there dye subs but I did n't like the cost and the fact the prints were on postcards . The HPs cost is 61 cents per print and the photos smudge real easy and basically disolve in moisty hands.Last month I got to play around with the Epson Picturemate and for the first time I was actually empressed . I even did direct comaprisions to other printers we carry in store . This one is definitly one of the best . I know other reviewers said you have to use the paper that comes in the $ 30 pack . This is not true . You do get the best results , but Epson sells 100 sheets w/o ink for $ 15 . Also you can use Epsons Dura-bright 4x6 paper , and even Office Depot glossy photo paper works great . There are other papers that work great as well you just need to change a few settings and experiment with different brands.Another little tip for you shoppers out there . $ 29 is not the final price per print . Each ink cartrige can print about 120-140 sheets and you can find the ink/paper pack for $ 21 to $ 26 w / free shipping . Bring the cost down to 21 cents per print ! Also there are third party ink cartridges that give you the same quality output -LRB- just not sure about longevity -RRB- for $ 15 -LRB- ink cartrige only -RRB- . If you really shop for deals on paper and ink you can get great prints that cost as low as 19 cents per print.And I really do n't have to talk about the quality of this printer . Its been echoed so many times here . If you have any questions about the quality just take a picture with your favorite digital camera and go to a local retail store and make a test print off their demo unit . You 'll be sold on the spot . The only downside about this printer is the monocrome display . That 's it . If you can live with that -LRB- and at 19 cents you should be able to -RRB- then you 'll love this printer.Epson also sells a carrying case for $ 30 specifically for the Picturemate . I 'm buying this printer with the case for my sister who is into the Stamping Up parties -LRB- To the guys
 It is a compact , transportable -LRB- it even has a nice handle -RRB- , sturdy , heavy -LRB- the little thing must be like 2.5 Kg ... -RRB- photo lab.IF YOU USE THE EPSON PRINT PACK -LRB- that is
 I have had my Picture Mate for over a year now , and love it as much as the other reviewers . The photos are brilliant - and really are water resistant.My only complaint is that the sheet feeder only holds around 20 sheets . I print from my computer , and queued up over a hundred photos to print , and then had to reload paper every 20 sheets , loading the printer every 40-60 minutes -LRB- the PictureMate Express purports to be faster by 35 % -RRB- . It would have been much more convenient if the sheet feeder had the same capacity as the cartridges.Warning - It is easily portable , however it may be susceptible to cold - I took it on a weekend retreat , and the first pictures I printed after riding in a cold vehicle had very green people . I waited a while for the temperature to stabilize and printed the same again , and the colors were then fine .
 I took a memory card down to my local `` big '' electronics retailer so I could print out the same photo on several different printers , in order to compare the results . While I would have liked a viewing screen -LRB- my eyes are not what they used to be ... -RRB- , I found the QUALITY of the prints on the Epson Photo Mate to be UNCOMPARABLE ! It is really not `` inconvenient '' to check out the images on the camera first , and then choose the ones you want to print out . I have taken the printer to work with me - I am an elementary school teacher - and we have made great use of it in my classroom , and in the faculty lounge , also ! I have taken it to a couple of parties , too ! The other day , a customer service rep from our home builder came to our house with some framers to work on our upstairs floor . When they opened up the floor and saw an OBVIOUS building defect , I was able to quickly take a macro picture of it and print up copies for the framers , the home builder , and , of course , for us ! It does n't get much better than this ! I decided that I would rather have the BEST quality prints instead of some of the other `` extras '' other models offered . Also , if I take a digital picture which I love enough to make an 8x10 of , I will just plug my camera into my computer and use other programs , or take it to a commercial printer . All my friends and family , and I , are THRILLED with this printer !!
 This was my first foray into do-it-yourself picture printing . I was getting my prints done at Wal-Mart for $ 0.24 per picture but for convenience sake we wanted the ability to print at home . After some on-line research we picked up the Picturemate in Dec. 2004 . My wife 's first impression was that it was `` cute '' due to it 's diminutive size and appearance . I cared less for aesthetics than function so I set it up and turned it on . After about a minute of whizzing and whirring it insisted that the ink cartridge door was open when in fact it was securely closed . The little platic tab was not making contact with the door switch . Since it was an on-line purchase , I did n't want to deal with tech-support , RMA'ing and cross shipping . It was Christmas and we wanted to start printing pictures . A blob of hot glue to the door tab and we were in business . 5 months later and it still works.I am very impressed by the picture quality . The pictures are at least as good as the ones we get from Wal-Mart . They dry quickly and can be handled as soon as they hit the paper tray . I only got about 80 pictures from my first full T5570 cartridge but YMMV.I accidently ordered a T5570 `` compatible '' kit from Amazon . I did n't see the `` compatible '' part . Do yourself a big favor . Only buy the genuine T5570 cartridge and paper kit . You can find them discounted on-line . -LSB- ... -RSB- The genuine Epson paper makes all the difference in the world . With the aftermarket paper , prints were still tacky some 48 hours later!The printer is wasy to use . I use it as a stand-alone and do not want to connect it to my computer because my technophobe wife will never use it . This is where the lack of an LCD display for reviewing prints hurts . There are ways around this . First the printer allows printing of a numbered contact sheet . I find this wasteful so with my old camera I simply used the DPOF feature and marked the prints we wanted , popped the memory stick in and hit print . Very easy . My new camera has Pictbridge capability which makes printing even easier . I just plug a USB cable from the printer to the camera , review the pictures on the camera 's 2.5 '' LCD and print directly from the camera . Very nice.The only operational problem I 've found is that once in a while the heads get clogged and the result is ruined pictures with white vertical lines across the whole face . You have to cancel the print job and go to the maintenance menu and perform a head cleaning.Overall my family is very pleased with this printer and I recommend it .
 This is the only photo printer that I suggest people buy . I typically am not a fan of photo printers but after doing an in-store demo and comparing the printed photos vs. lab developed photos I was very impressed . I use my printer constantly and have no complaints - I do suggest hooking the printer up to your computer via a USB cord for even more stunning and creative photos . I do find that I usually get more than 100 prints -LRB- usually 25 - 40 more -RRB- from the ink cartridge so I suggest having extra Epson photo paper available . I like having the ability to print my own photos on my own time.I liked this photo printer so much that I gave one to my parents that have a digital camera but NO computer talents and they are in love with it too . They find it easy to use and far more convenient that running to the store for developing.Only downfall - it does n't print photos larger than 4x6 but I rarely use anything larger . As far as the complaints about its lack of speed - it may be slow but it is far faster than going to the store and waiting for the prints.By far the best !
 I received this printer for Christmas in 2004 . I have printed over 1000 prints - at least . I love to adjust each image to my liking , so I go through Photoshop Elements 3.0 . When the print screen appears in this software , I adjust the exact size from 6 inches to 5.78 . I eliminate the possibility of losing any of the image this way.I have been totally satisfied with ALL my prints . Because I shoot SO many family and vacation photos -LRB- I am a professional , also , so I just ca n't help it ! -RRB- , I again use PE 3.0 to create 1/2 size prints - i.e. , I sometimes drag two different images to either side of a 4x6 template resulting in 3x4 size prints that I cut later for my scrapbook needs . Saves on paper , and I do n't have to eliminate a lot of my photos . Picturemate allows you to print 2 wallet size prints of the same image , but they are a little smaller and I do n't need the same image.I can get from 100 to 160 prints from one ink cartridge . I contacted Epson and was told that the 4x6 Premium Glossy Photo Paper was the refill to use for the extra ink . Makes the Picturemate Print Pak an even better deal.I have played with the printer so much . I can keep it running for hours after a family birthday . It 's fun and totally worth the money . And the prints are great !
 I have only had the printer for a week . However , I have printed off approx . 20 pics and they look great . The built in LCD is very easy as it includes a wizard to walk you through steps to print as soon as you put in your card .
 I received a Lexmark photo printer for Christmas and was n't that impressed with the print quality . After reading a lot of reviews , I returned it and purchased the Epson . Wow , what a cool little printer . The print quality is simply amazing !!!! I took some pictures to work and they swore they were processed at a photo lab.its prints kinda slow , but who cares with that kind of quality and cost per print.My only complaints are a lack of a preview screen and it takes a while for the printer to ready itself when you insert the cartridge for the first time .
 The pictures are unbeatable in quality , but the 100 prints from an ink pack will never happen . I got about 20 pictures from one pack because most of the pictures had blue in them and it ran out of blue , thus making the ink cartridge useless . Havent sent it back yet to see if they live up to the replacement guarantee .
 I bought this item in March 2006 -LRB- cheap , don ; t be afraid of refurbs -RRB- . It makes excellent photolab quality pictures in about 1.5 to 2 minutes . The colors are clear and bright and you can have glossy or matte . If you are a big time photography nut , this may not be for you . If you are the average person who wants their pictures now instead of later this printer is great . Small enough to take with you on trips . I love it .
 I 've owned my Picture Mate for about a year now . I could n't be happier with it . The print pack for it has high quality paper . I sent some digital pictures out to be printed in doubles for family , and compared to the same pictures I printed out at home on this printer , they could n't compare . The Picture Mate printed much clearer , colorful pictures . I highly recommend this printer .
 This is a fantastic little printer ! The quality is better than an in-store print ! I 'm a completely satisfied customer .

 As this is almost the 60th review of this product , I will try not to repeat -LRB- too much -RRB- what others have already pointed out except to state that 1 . It 's simply the BEST PHOTO PRINTER Available 2 . The printing is VERY S-L-O-W so be patient -LRB- as you will be THRILLED with the Photo Quality -RRB- and 3 . It has become QUITE AFFORDABLE as the prices of their ink and paper have also dropped from $ 30 to $ 20 -LRB- which calculates to just 20 cents per picture -RRB- . And at that price , I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you buy the EPSON ink and paper and stay away from the generic brands.Finally , you should `` Buy-It-Now '' since the printer itself can be had for LESS than $ 100 !!! There are two reasons for this dramatic Price Drop . First , Epson just released a Newer , Much More Expensive Model that allows you to view the pictures on the LCD -LRB- which admittedly is a very NICE feature -RRB- . With the original Epson PictureMate , you only see the numbered `` title '' of the pictures . However , you can connect it to your PC and you can view the images on your computer . Secondly , Epson recently had a $ 50 rebate on it which is how the Amazon Marketplace Sellers can afford to sell it for so cheap . My only minor complaint -LRB- besides the speed -RRB- is that there is n't an easy way to add a white border if you connect it to the PC . If you use it as a stand-alone , you can easily adjust the setting . But admittedly , I have n't read the manual in-depth as it is VERY EASY to SET-UP and USE IMMEDIATELY ! Your friends and family will be Truly Amazed by its Photo Quality .
 I love this handy little printer ! I bought it a couple of weeks ago after shopping in quite a few stores looking at various photo printing machines , this one had the right price , and the right quality of print.The prints come out beautifully , very crisp . It has taken me a little time to learn my way around the software that came with the machine but it seems to be doing the job . The main reason I did n't give it 5 stars is it seems to print a slight bit crooked if the paper is n't in there perfectly every time . Yet it is n't enough to ruin a print either ... . and the software does take a little time to learn and I wish there would of been a booklet with some quick info in it on how to use the software to its max . I adore quick cheat sheets .
 The PictureMate is my first Epson printer , and I am extremely pleased with its performance and output.I have not experienced any problems when printing from Mac OS X or XP -LRB- have never printed in the standalone mode -RRB- . I was so impressed with this printer 's photo quality , I also purchased the Epson R800.While the R800 produces gorgeous prints , I must say that PictureMate has a slight edge in photo quality.I purchased Epson 's Bluetooth adapter for PictureMate , but returned it due to the unacceptably slow print time.Some PictureMate owners report a problem with their photos being cropped too much.I have noticed this also , especially with portrait -LRB- vertical -RRB- shots.Other than the cropping issue , I have no complaints.I would highly recommend this printer .
 I loved my PictureMate for about two years . It made great pictures and I used it frequently . After using it for about two years , it needs to have the heads cleaned almost every time I use it . It is not as much fun to use when you have to remember to do that every time . My daughter had this problem with hers from the beginning .
 Prints very clear quality pictures and does not have to be hooked up to the computer .
 I just purchased this PictureMate printer for my wife 's birthday and what an excellent gift it is !! Photos come out lab quality perfect . . brilliant colors ! Everything you could want in a personal printer . As for the problem many people have had with the printer cropping the picture when printing from a computer ... if you have a scanner hooked up to your computer ... bring your pictures up on the scanner program , select print preview , then normal tile , then fit your picture to the entire tile square and print ... NO CROPPING ... I get a beautiful complete UNCROPPED photo every time . If starting with a larger shot , simply resize the photo first OR center the oversized photo on the tile and whatever is inside the tile lines will print on the entire 4x6 photo .
 Be aware that although the ad description prominently indicates you will get 2 speakers , '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- SPEAKERS '' really means one speaker bar with 2 internal speakers , not 2 speaker bars . However , the sound from the speaker bar is very good and it is a perfect fit .
 This works perfect for our needs . It did take a while to get it working with our speakers but now it works great and am very pleased and would recommend it to anyone !
 This a great reciever . Easy to set up and has more than enough options for the average in home user . I have a friend that paid $ 900 for this same reciever one year ago . I would highly recommend this product .
 For the money very good deal . It could use more power but for indoors and watching movies it does ok .
 This thing works great , its alittle difficult to set up if you do n't know what your doing but Onkyo has 24/7 customer service ready to assist you if you need it . I hooked this up to 7.1 surround sound speakers and now I get movie theater quality sound in my living room . If you hook up your Blue Ray Player and other devices via HDMI make sure you hook up the sound from those devices to the unit with an optical or coaxial sound cable so you get the full sound capabilities of the unit . It makes a huge difference .
 I do n't know much about receivers but this ones got everything you could need . 3 HDMI , xm/sirius and a phono stage .
 I got this receiver to work with the Samsung Plasma TV I bought here as well ... needless to say , to all who are audiophiles or not , this is the BEST receiver for the money ... the functions are out of this world , and it 's easy to integrate with all your components ... no need to look further or pay more ... this is an awesome product !
 I spent alot of time doing research . I 've owned the unit for about 6 months now . It 's great . I wo n't go through all the technical info but simply state that for $ 400 and change it 's a great value . I have absolutely no regrets . It 's a quality unit .
 For a receiver at this price , this unit packs a lot of features and punch . I connected it to a PS3 , HD Sat and a DVD player progressive 1080 . It works just fine with 3 HDMI connectors . Easy to set up . Good buy for your money
 The Onkyo SR705 Surround Sound Receiver is excellent . It produces clear crisp sound and a really nice surround system . I have Infinity Center , Right and Left Speakers , Advent Rear Speakers , and a 12 inch Powered Cerwin Vega Sub-Woofer . You feel like you are right there ... in a theatre , at a concert or whatever . This works very well in combination with my Samsund 67 inch DLP 1080P TV . My components all go through my SR705 and are controlled uiversally via its remote control . . thus one HDMI input from the SR705 to the TV . I love it all .
 Okay , you 've got to be a techie to be looking at this type of high-end device , right ? Well , you wo n't be disappointed no matter where you fit on scale - this unit is a beautiful , high-tech machine that lives up to its reputation . I love the feature/functionality , ease of setup and use , performance , and engineering that should meet my needs for years to come .
 Better than expected ! Okay , this is a sophisticted receiver , so it will take a few adjustments to dial in . I have cranked it up and so far the heat topic , at least for my unit , is non existent with room to vent . Also no sinc problem with voice in TV -LRB- Dish -RRB- , DVD or HD DVD -LRB- Toshiba -RRB- . Man Oh Man , HDMI X2 -LRB- simple , simple setup -RRB- and off we go . One more for whatever ?? My set up is is Sony 60 inch TV , Toshiba HD DVD -LRB- ya ya I know -RRB- , and 5.1 speaker system.One note , with Dish and my favorite Sirius channel I can turn off the TVand cruise with music , very cool . So far , playing a music CD for some reason , after set up and start and turning TV off , within 3 to 5 minutes the unit goes off ????????????? This unit is cool , cool for the $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ . PB
 I bought this Onkyo TX-SR705 -LRB- $ 550 -RRB- , with the Polk Audio 5.1 speaker system -LRB- $ 239 -RRB- and a set of Sony 3 way for front surround -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- , plus 6 sets of banana clips , all for under $ 1000 shipped !!!! It rivals my father 's $ 4500 set up , you will not be disappointed in these , use them with a nice pair of towers in the front , and you have a dream system , 7.1 surround that handles HDMI upconverting AND the newest surround formats , with some surprisingly tight bass ! For the price you can NOT go wrong . Order these components now and prepare to be amazed.If you are not a tech savy person you may need help to get everything you can from this receiver . It is not , and I repeat NOT very easy to set up , and learn all the functions . Once you do , you will be amazed at what this can do . The manual is also not very helpful .
 Very nice receiver . I 've has a Sony for years and thought I was hearing everything until I installed this one . The room came alive ! Some said they had a difficult time with the set-up , but if you simply follow the signal flow , it 's easy . I especially like the included microphone that allows the system to configure the distance to each speaker automatically . AAA +
 I bought this together with a Samsung 61 '' LED rear projection HDTV - after some trial and error with the setup , I am now getting amazing sound quality out of my Ps3 for both DVDs and games . I could n't be happier ! Madden and Call of Duty 4 sound incredible in 5.1 digital - I have n't had the opportunity to try anything with 7.1 but will very soon .
 So far I have been quite pleased with this unit . I did n't use the speaker calibration microphone was pretty easy to do manually . This unit replaced a higher end Yamaha but I wanted the extra amps to power some outside speakers and it has done a great job so far .
 I have been shopping around for the last 6 months for a THX receiver . I went back and forth on the SR806 and SR706 for awhile , but their price keeps on going up . My budget was no more than $ 500 . I was very lucky that I was able to buy this for $ 410 minus the $ 30 when you sign up for the Amazon CC . So for $ 380 I thought it was a STEAL ! It was SILVER in color but this was not an issue for me . Besides , I ca n't see the dusts on this color . It took me no more than 45 minutes to set up via HDMI cables . The sound on this was AMAZING . The system I have hooked on this
 Product arrived on time . Took a week playing with settings to get the sound I wanted . User/Setup manual needs a thorough Index . Seems like a good unit , but does run quite hot to the touch . Time will tell the whole story .
 A great AV Receiver ... programming the remote and the device was a little tricky but after i got it done it works great . Only problem is I have an LG BluRay/HD DVD machine and no code for the remote , also no code that works for the Mitsubishi 65 '' 2008 Diamond Series DLP HD TV . Need to find these codes ...
 Liked the receiver . We have high end speakers , so the 100watts did n't have enough power output . When listening to music really loud the receiver would shut itself off . If you like to jam out this receiver can not handle it .
 After doing a a considerable amount of research and reading several reviews I decided on the Onkyo over the Denon in the mid price range of receivers to replace my 8 yr old Sony . With 3 HDMI inputs , THX certification , True HD , etc , along with a great price from Amazon the decision to buy the Onkyo was a no brainer . Idecided on the 705 over the 605 because of the 3rd HDMI , more power and learning remote.My set up is a 58 '' Panasonic Plasmas HDTV -LRB- 2 HDMI inputs -RRB- , Toshiba HD DVD player and Comcast HD cable box , Infinity speakers for 5.1 . The Toshiba & cable box both have HDMI out puts which made the setup of the receiver to the tv easy leaving me one more open HDMI slot on the Onkyo for maybe a Sony PS3.The setup of the receiver was pretty easy as long as you read instructions first . Having read some of the other reviews on Amazon about setup of surround sound speakers , I avoided the common mistakes made about the rear or side speakers . The set up and calibration of the speakers was a snap with the on screen display & instructions and took about 10 minutes for setting up 4 listening locations.I did not use banana plugs as some have suggested which may be better in the long run than standard connections . As the speaker inputs are close together it is a little difficult connecting speaker wires in back of receiver if you have large fingers.As the Panasonic has 2 HDMI inputs I experimented running the cable box and dvd player directly to the tv and found no difference in the quality of the picture running it through the Onkyo -LRB- that was a relief -RRB- . The sounds generated by the Onkyo are crisp and makes watching movies on the big screen a theater like experience . The Onkyo learning remote works well as it has replaced the Comcast and Toshiba remotes . It even learned the On Demand and DVR functions of the Comcast remote . The display area on the receiver is small and the only thing you can see from 10 feet away is which input it 's sending out and the sound mode.I believe Perfect Vision Magazine 's editors voted the Onkyo TX SR 705 as their av receiver of the year . I would have to agree with them , after 30 days I have had no problems with the Onkyo and I have been enjoying HD movies and TV like never before . I am glad I made the right decision . The Onkyo 705 is great today and will be there for the future .
 I purchased this receiver just last week at the same time I bought aToshiba 46 '' Slim Bezel Set . The HDMI connection from the Onkyo to the TV works great , so that I can change inputs from my TV for everything that is connected to the receiver . It worked right out of the box with video output from the HDMI to my set . From there it took some time to set up all the connections and keeping straight what was plugged into which HDMI port and what optical or coax audio connection I used for the devices I used the component video connections . I also had to adjust the delay setting for the cable box input , the default is set to 40ms and I ended up at 15 ms working best for my cable HD DVR.For what I needed to connect to it , there are plenty of inputs and outputs , although the 3 HDMI inputs are already full . There are HDMI and component video switches available if needed . The sound is great , rich and deep and keeps up well with all the movies and games I have tried so far . For a reference , the speakers I have connected are
 Purchased a Samsung 1080p , 46 inch and wanted a really good AV . This Onkyo TX-SR705 met all my expectations . Especially handy are the 3 assignable HDMI in , 1 HDMI out connections . Using with Apple I TV hdmi , DVD R HDMI and HDMI from the Cable Box . Very clear set up and remote controls HDMI inputs . Also using with ORB peoples choice -LRB- ORB Audio.com -RRB- . Great product . Highly recommended . You will not be disappointed .
 If you 're 50plus and still have speakers that you do n't want to part with , consider this Onkyo TX-SR705 . I considered getting a home theater in a box and I 'm delighted with this alternative . My Altec , Marantz , and JBL speakers dating from the 70s never sounded better . The Onkyo offers a wide array of listening choices . It has a phono jack and it makes your vintage records sound like they were recorded this year , driving all eight speakers with 7.1 surround sound . And the movie sound tracks are to die for . It also has all the video connections you need to completely upgrade , but you can take your time as you have multiple ways to connect your system components . It was easy to set up , contrary to some reviews . So do n't be intimidated , enjoy !
 I ordered this receiver a few months ago , and am perfecly happy with it . It took me about 31/2 hours to set it up , between cabling and software setup . Sound and picture are great , no complains . It 's working as advertised.There 's a couple of things I 'd like to mention : * Even though it has a wide range of different inputs in the back , it still has a limited set of presets . On top of the usual theater components , I own 3 gaming consoles , and I previously had to have a separate switch box because receivers typically have a limited number of inputs . I was hoping to finally consolidate my system . Turns out I still have the same problem . Even though there 's a dozen inputs in the back , you have to manually assign each of these inputs to one of the 6 or so presets -LRB- DVD , Cable , Game , Aux , CD ... -RRB- . Which means that I still have to connect a couple of components directly to the TV , missing out on the surround sound . * When watching cable , the sound system for different programs changes all the time , specially during commercials . The receiver has to adjust between Stereo and 5.1 , resulting in a brief silence and clicking sound from the receiver constantly switching between systems . Once you notice this , it gets annoying . Maybe there 's a way to turn this off , but I have n't found it yet .
 This reciever is great with my Harman Kardon HKTS-18 7.1 speaker system and Toshiba A35 HD DVD player . Sound is great and the Audussey works well as a baseline for audio setup . Easy to program all features and menu 's are decent.My only complaint is the Zone 2 feature as it is not user friendly and will not accept digital inputs . I had to run standard RCA cables from my Digital Cable and Music box to the Onkyo tape input to get sound to my zone 2 speakers on my deck . It will not use the HDMI input for zone 2 which I think is a poor design for a reciever of this caliber.As for the folks complaining about the clicking between modes - You just need to take the time program the reciever on how you want it to handle all sound input formats . I pretty much set the majority to Dolby Digital PLIIX movie or music . You get great 7.1 sound from just about every input format .
 As other reviewers have stated , this is an amazing product , especially for the price . I 'm using an Oppo Digital DV-980H -LRB- another 5-star product -RRB- to feed SACD and DVD-Audio -LRB- via HDMI -RRB- to the Onkyo.Initially , I was having problems with the `` overblown '' or `` hot '' sound from DSD over HDMI that other reviewers have complained of . However , re-running Audyssey XT EQ a few times sorted that out . My problem was that I have a projector -LRB- Mitsubishi HD-1000 -RRB- in my room , and I guess it was noisy enough to affect the Audyssey measurements . After turning off the projector and running the Audyssey again , I got a much better sound from the EQ . It 's now hard for me to listen to my system without the EQ enabled . Also , make sure that you have your listening modes set up correctly for both 2-channel and multichannel DSD sources.In any case , this is a great product for anyone who has a disc player that can output advanced audio over the HDMI . Another great thing about the Onkyo/Oppo pairing is that the combination will play the disc even if the display is turned off , so if you just want to listen to music , you do n't need to keep your display on . I have n't had this success with other HDMI 1.2 and 1.3 compliant players.Anyway , I hope you enjoy these products as much as I do .
 I just up graded from a Onkyo 575 and I must say that I was shocked at the sound quality and performance of my new receiver ! Very easy to work and set - up . I 'm running two Onkyo 501 amps with this and it was very easy to figure out how to hook everything up . The power this receiver has is almost unbelievable as well . I have n't had it up past -20 yet but I can tell it will have more than enough power for my home theater ;o-RRB- For the money it was well spent and I 'm very glad I bought this cheaper model because it has it all without the high $ price tag .
 This is my second surround receiver , so it should be straightforward to set up . Not . Took hours to figure out how to get a video signal to the TV . Too many factory defaults are set wrong , like getting video passed through.The manual is very thick and terrible . No meaningful organization to actually get up and running , you keep hitting brick walls and sent down rabbit trails . Without even having video to the TV , you are left using the front panel display for selections , which is pretty hopeless in itself.And even after two weeks of use , I found that the default setting for audio is a 40 ms delay . No wonder things are out of sync ; this is only suitable for progressive disk players , not live TV broadcasts , which typically should be close to zero delay . You might assume the default would be zero ; but it 's not . You have to check everything.In short , this is a very capable receiver , but getting it set up is just awful . Once you -- finally -- reach the audio `` audessy '' setup with the microphone , it is painless . Audessy works quite well . They have solved the typical setup problems , but allowed a host of others to crop up.Fan noise is excessive , the fan seems to have 2 speeds
 I bought this receiver wanting some security that it 'd still be useful in a home theater setup several years from now . The 705 has all the features you 'd want in a `` future-proof '' piece of gear , such as HDMI 1.3 and processing of all the latest HD audio formats . The upconversion is a minor benefit -LRB- I do n't use it at all as it tops out at 720p -RRB- but may be useful to some . Overall , I 've been very happy with it . It sounds good , has a robust feature-set , terrific remote , and works as it should . I ca n't imagine a better HT-friendly AVR value right now than the 705 .
 I have been into home theater for well over 5 years , but this receiver , my first Onkyo product , has pulled everything together for the first time . The Audyssey system quickly evaluated my listening room with the tiny microphone and arrived at a perfect sounding equalization , balance and matching of my mismatched speakers to where I am really hearing surround at last ! Since I am not using all 7.1 channels , Onkyo allows me to re-assign 2 of the amplifiers to bi-amp my front speakers . . how cool is that ? And the receiver is able to convert HDMI , component video , composite , and S-video every which way so no component is left out in the cold . If I can figure out how to reconfigure the volume knob to where it does n't take 5 turns to get up to high volume , I will be totally amazed and satisfied with my purchase !
 I decided it was time for an upgrade from a 10 + yr old sony receiver . After extensive research , i decided to throw caution to the wind in terms of heat gerneration and the idea that this model was being discontinued . I took a chance on the 705 . It arrived Wednesday and all I can say is WOW . What a difference . I have connected a PS3 and a uverse decoder with the output run to a 56 '' Panasonic HDTV . I am using HDMI cables throughout . I have it set up in a 5.1 configuration for now but will soon be adding the additional speakers to achieve the 7.1 experience . Time will be the ultimate truth teller in terms of performance but the early reviews in my media room at outstanding .
 Based on website and magazine positive reviews picked the Onkyo 705 . Amazon had a good price on it plus I wanted something that had Dolby True HD and DTS HD Master decoding . It took me awhile from researching forums and later Onkyo 's site 's FAQ about why I did n't see True HD or DTS HD display on the receiver when viewing a Blu Ray on my PS3 . Found out that the PS3 decodes the audio internally vs. the receiver , which then only displays PCM HDMI Multichannel . Just wanted an easier way to confirm I was getting the best audio signal . Also I wish the reciver 's display showed a diagram w / the current outputs channel -LRB- 2 channel vs 5.1 vs 7.1 -RRB- . My other Yamaha receiver has little boxes -LRB- that represents each speaker -RRB- that light up for the current surround mode . I had to reposition the rack shelves to get more air space since the top of the receiver does get really hot as others have mentioned . All in all though , good bang for the buck.Like someone else mentioned , the thick user manual is somewhat hard to figure out .
 This player has a lot of bells and whistles and have n't had the time to really learn about all it can do . So far I 'm happy with it 's performance but my issue now is where I 'm hooking up a Samsung DVD VR375 DVD/VHS player that is capable of upgrading signals to 1080P . The DVD player hooked up to my Onkyo will only play audio and no video . When the player is hooked up directly to TVs , it will have video . When I hook up other players via HDMI to the Onkyo , it plays perfectly with audio and video . When I ask help from Samsung and Onkyo , they point fingers at each other and I have no resolution . I even have another model Samsung which played fine though the Onkyo . When talking to Onkyo and Samsung , it seems like they are only interested in their sales and not fixing the problem .
 After much research and having owned a Pioneer I expected to purchase Pioneer or perhaps Yamaha , but they just did n't add up . This model of Onkyo -LRB- 705 -RRB- has numerous features to include HDMI 1.3 and numerous surround sound -LRB- 7.1 -RRB- options that in other brands is easily over $ 800 . Ca n't beat the price and Amazon has recently lowered it to well under $ 550 . I even used Amazon 's 30-day low price guarantee and got some money back when it went down in price ! Easy setup and be sure to activate zone 2 if you use a second set of main speakers . The on-screen menu is great and guides you through all setups . It runs relatively cool , but I may need to add some cooling holes in my cramped media cabinet . My plasma screen runs a lot hotter .
 I 've had this receiver for three days , and it is incredible . I use directv hd , a 42 panasonic plasma , and the Onkyo receiver . BUY THIS RECEIVER WITH A PANASONIC TV !!! ONE WORD . EASY SYNCH . I now have one remote controlling my entire home theatre/tv setup . It took me , a guy who has never owned a high quality receiver before , two hours to set the Onkyo up with my television , and install my 5.1 speaker system .
 I bought this receiver due to the numerous reviews here and at other sites like Cnet , etc. . Rarely do you find someone with bad things to say , it was priced right , and has the features I was looking for . My old 5.1 Kenwood receiver was starting to have issues and it was simply time to retire it.I have this hooked up to my Samsung Blu-Ray player , Samsung 1080P upconverting DVD player -LRB- came free with my HDTV -RRB- , Comcast Motorola DVR , XBox 360 , and my beautiful Samsung 56in DLP HDTV -LRB- HLT5687Sax . -RRB- I am still using the Kenwood speakers I 've had for years and everything sounds fantastic , even though those speakers are n't the greatest . I 'm only pushing it with a 5.1 speaker configuration but I could n't be happier . Next will be some higher end speakers and I 'll probably still only do a 5.1 config as I really do n't see the need for 2 more surround speakers.Setup with this Onkyo receiver was a breeze . It practically walks you through everything and things are easy to hook up . It has the right plug in 's up front as well as a plethora in back . Since I 'm using this to pass through the video for the Blu-Ray and Comcast when I go into setup it displays it on screen . Once you have the HDMI and speaker cables hooked up you just plug in the mic in the front of the receiver and it then takes you through speaker calibration . All you got ta do now is hold the mic at ear level where you will be sitting and it does the rest on it 's own . I measured the distances that it calculated and the thing is spot on . Ca n't ask for more.This also will do the upcoming Dolby HD and a couple other high quality sound formats . Pop over to www.monoprice.com and grab 1.3 a category 2 certified HDMI cables , they 're inexpensive and the best made , and you 're set !
 This unit was easy to setup for me . There is a quick setup guide that runs you through the basics . Mine does n't run hot even though my main tower fronts are 4 ohm . It does get warm so you should leave the recommended space around the unit . Plenty of power and bells and whistles . My only wish is that the remote was a little more user friendly .
 I have the SR705S set up with all HDMI inputs being used . HD at 1080 is very nice and the sound is even better . Even my Sony PS3 80 looks and sounds super coming through the Onkyo . I would recommend this AV receiver to everyone who needs 3 HDMI inputs . It has the power and the function to do it all ! Thanks Onkyo and Amazon for the great product and the very fast shipping and great Price !!!
 Great receiver ! Brought it refurb through the factory . You can find out all the great things in the other reviews -LRB- I 'll mention a couple -RRB- but I will mention the minuses as these tend to help me make my decisions .1 . Runs damn hot ... do not store this in an enclosed cabinet . I can only barely touch the top of it without being burnt ... but I knew this from the other reviews so as long as you are expecting this then it is n't a - ve . I keep mine in a glass faced cabinet but with the entire back wall removed from the cabinet . It is also placed at the bottom shelf with about 8 '' of room above it ... no problems to date .2 . I was trying to run my pc through the hdmi switching to the tv but because the receiver is n't the ` tv ' the pc drivers are getting confused and currupted because it is seeing the receiver ; causing me all sorts of grief . -LRB- the video card in my pc is a 6800GS is case anyone needs to know -RRB- . This removes one of the real reasons I wanted this particular unit ... 3 hdmi inputs and one out . Now I have 2 cables running to to my tv . I have read that the other issues can be a change in pc resolution rather than the flat out ` not going to work ' situation I have . There may be other options if you can use component or composite inputs into the receiver from your pc video card but for my card it is n't . Update : Had to use a `` DVI Detective '' -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- to be able to use the pc with the HDMI switching.One other slight negative - ca n't see the OSD when using HDMI inputs . Causes a little guessing issue as to whats happening with your receiver when it is not in sight ... otherwise a non-issue . Good website
 I recently purchased the Onkyo TX-SR705 to replace an older Kenwood THX receiver . Setup was very simple and was made even easier due to the HDMI inputs which simplified connection to my satellite receiver and my HD-DVD player . The automatic speaker setup/levelling worked very well even though I only have a 5.1 speaker configuration -LRB- no rear surrounds -RRB- . After setup , I played snippets from several movies -LRB- both HD and SD -RRB- and I was amazed at how much more `` live '' my entire home theater room became . The sound definition was spectacular and I was hearing things that I had never heard before . I ca n't wait to do some more indepth testing of this unit , but so far , I am extremely pleased . Definately two thumbs up to Onkyo on this one .
 This has been the perfect match for what I wanted to accomplish . I have my Sony KDL-40V2500 connected to the the reciever via HDMI 1.3 cable . Computer -LRB- decoding video -RRB- , DVD , TV , XBOX all display great with full 7.1 sound . I am pleased with the inexpensive Onkyo 7.1 speaker system I purchased . It is lacking in some mid but for what it cost , I could n't be more happy . I expect upgrading the two front speakers to some decent towers will fill it in.Speaker setup with the wizard is great . I have room to grow while using everything I have now on my HDTV .
 Onkyo TX-SR705 7.1 Channel Home Theater Receiver -LRB- Black -RRB- This receiver rocks . Easy setup and was up and running in no time . Have n't had any ticking noises like some posted about or any lipsync issues other then what is normal with some of the HD channels on Directv . Receiver does get hot in right rear corner but I fixed that with a adjustable powersupply from Radioshack and 4 spare 80mm case fans that I had . Now it runs at about 77 F according to the internal temp . monitor . -LRB- Hold Display button down and hit Standby/Power button once then release display button and hit tone . Must do quickly to get it to work -RRB- Takes a bit of time to go through Audessy setup if you do all 8 positions but well worth the effort . Way better then my old Yamaha 6.1 receiver . Get this receiver if you can . Do n't think about it -- DO IT ! PS . Read the first time setup section to save you some trouble in setup .
 There is enough power to spare with this unit . It was simple to setup even without studying the owner 's manual . The configuration schema were very useful , however . They saved me from purchasing an extra HDMI cord . The remote is a little bulky and clumsy , but it is effective in managing my plasma TV , Blu-Ray , Playstation , and HD sat box . The professional reviews of this product were spot on
 The sound quality from this Onkyo is amazing . The room is about 18 ` x25 ' and sounds as much like a mini-theater as I could ever imagine . I 'm going to do a pro/con list as far as my experience has gone : Pro :1 . Wiring was really easy to hook up . I use very low gauge speaker wire -LRB- which means its thick and well shielded -RRB- and the `` screw knob '' connections on this receiver accepted them without a problem . My former Sony had the little clamp-type connections and those were a pain .2 . The remote is truly universal . While it 's not the most attractive or well designed piece of plastic , it was very easy to configure it to all my devices -LRB- Sony Blu-ray , Time Warner cable , Sony DVR , Sony 5 disc DVD changer and 47 '' Toshiba Regza HDTV -RRB- . I was finally able to put away all those remotes whose functions could not be 100 % mapped to a universal remote .3 . Once it was completely configured , the first bit of sound was deafening . This receiver can pump out some sound . And it 's very high quality , crisp , clean sound . You definitely do n't want to start at '' +0 dB '' when you turn on something loud .4 . Overall , a good looking product , great price and amazing functionality.Cons :1 . Other people have said it , and hence the title of this post - the instructions are horrid . I hope you like messing with gadgets , because it 's easier to set it up without the manual . If you insist on using the manual , skip the first two pages of the setup dealing with audio and go straight to video . Decide which output type for the TV . That 'll get the setup menu ON the TV -LRB- which the manual assumes before it tells you how to do it -RRB- and then follow the manual . Do n't expect explanations of any of the stuff - it just tells you how to set it .2 . Seems minor but if you 're upgrading from a theater in a box type system , be ready to spend some more money . I upgraded from a Sony Bravia theater system and expected to just be able to wire everything and move on . Nope ! This thing wo n't take a passive subwoofer . It has to be a powered subwoofer . So , at 9pm after everything was setup , I had to go back out to Best Buy -LRB- thankfully open til 10pm this week -RRB- and grab a subwoofer . Admittedly , the subwoofer sounds much better than the passive one , but knowing that ahead of time would have made the experience a little better . Not to mention , powered subs start at $ 100 and go from there .3 . She 's big , she 's heavy and she 's hot . I moved her from inside my media console to the top of it . The TV is hanging , so the top surface had nothing on it which was a nice , clean look . Now the Onkyo is on top so there 's no shelf above it to hold in the heat . I may still need to rethink ventilation for it , once I see how hot it gets in summer.Overall , my cons are minor except the instructions and subwoofer . For those of you upgrading a real receiver , the sub problem wo n't apply . But it was enough for me to downgrade my rating to 4 stars . However , for all of you thinking about buying this - go for it . It 's performance will not disappoint you at all .
 The Onkyo TX-SR705 is a great replacement for my older 5.1 receiver . There is an on-screen setup , and a microphone to auto adjust the speaker levels for you . This 705 can decode THX Select2 , Dolby TrueHD , and Dolby Master Audio sources . The HDMI inputs fully supports 1080p . All in all , it is a fabulous addition to any home theater.However , there are a couple things to mention about the receiver before you go purchase one . The 705 is about 28 pounds . Ensure your shelf , -LRB- or wherever you plan on placing it -RRB- , can support the weight . Additionally , I found out after purchasing that it requires a powered sub-woofer or amp to an unpowered sub-woofer . Lastly , this receiver gets hot in a short amount of time . In other words , make sure you have adequate airflow going around the receiver to keep it below 100 degrees Fahrenheit .
 I bought this receiver about 3 weeks ago.I am really impresed how good it is , ofcourse in this price range.My opinion the best for the price on today 's market.Well build and looks beautifull . THX certyfication , 3 HDMI inputs which You can easely use to connect your satelite , dvd and game console without any extra cables and ofcourse new codecs DTS-HD MASTER AUDIO and DOLBY TRUE HD - impressed how good audio can be.Very easy to connect , to operate . Took me about 15 minutes to connect my Dish , PS3 and DVD using HDMI 1.3 a -LRB- audio and video together -RRB- . Works fantastic . Do n't worry about the heat some people warry about , is not bad . My ONKYO runs 7 floor standings speakers with front Polk Audio Monitor 70 's . Works excellent.You can easely find all information on AVS-FORUM they have dedicated site for it.Just buy it and do n't wait.I highly recommend this product .
 I needed a state of the art a/v receiver to complete my home theatre system . My Sony 52 '' LCDtv is wall-mounted about 10 feet away from my entertainment cabinet . This setup requires an hdmi connection to get the video from my cable dvr and dvd to the televison.I was leaning towards a Sony receiver to match the T.V. but after looking at the reviews , I settled on the ONKYO TX-SR705 7.1 . I admit a contributing factor to this decision was my desire to add on a Sirius Satellite Home Receiver Adapter . I have to have my Howard Stern!This receiver is an excellent choice , in my opinion . It has a great range of features to suit any needs . The sound is excellent . The number and variety of connections enable tremendous versatility.The only reason I am not giving it 5 Stars is the less than great documentation . It is confusing in places and going to the Onkyo website was helpful only because I was able to get my questions answered in the excellent discussion threads . Once I was able to figure out the setting to pass the video hdmi signal through to the T.V. , things went much , much better . Obviously many people have the same problem.I would highly recommend this receiver to anyone , although it may be a little intimidating to set up . Once it is set up it works well.As always , doing business with Amazon was a fantastic experience . Princing , shippping and quality of the product are always top-notch !
 My last receiver was a Yamaha DSP A1 and that was quite some time ago . I just recently got this one and the sound that it reproduces is excellent . I like the ability to calibrate the output to the speakers based on location of the listener . That is a really useful feature . What I did n't like is its video processing capability . It is n't that great , but I just wanted the receiver for the sound so I am OK with that .
 no long technical review - just plain , pure and simple adjective of EXCELLENT.i did find it a bit tedious doing all the set up as i am the type that hates to read todo something-but in this case , you must follow the instructions to set things up , and it 's worth it ! This is a beautiful piece !
 Three HDMI ports , the 3 each multiple coaxial/toslink cables pretty much covered me for all my hi def needs.What I really like about this receiver is that if you are not running a 6th/7th channel you can bi-amp your front speakers . For some speakers , this really does make a difference.For us audio enthusiasts -LRB- rather than audiophiles -RRB- the Audessey set-up is great . Really dummy proof.I 'm a research hound and I think the Onkyo 705 provides the best bang for the buck as receivers go . I doubt you 'll find a better one at this price range .
 This receiver has many user-friendly features allowing me to connect many components to my High Definition Television via just one HDMI cable . This is what I have been waiting for the industry to come up with for about 20 years . They have finally done it !
 After extensive research , I purchased this receiver because of the superb feature set to cost ratio . It provided all the HD audio options one would need as well as three 1.3 HDMI inputs . Setup was `` relatively '' easy but was a little daunting given this was my first AV receiver . Performance is excellent once setup and exceeded my expectations . This device does produce a surprising amount of heat so plan accordingly when contemplating placement options . All in all an excellent value and `` future proof '' given the features , a best-buy in my book .
 I 'll start by saying this is an awesome receiver . I upgraded from a 10 year old Sony 5.1 ch pretty basic unit . I am very computer savvy and I 'm trying to get more into home theater stuff - bought a TiVo Series 3 , a 50 '' Samsung Plasma 1080p TV , Toshiba HD DVD player , Sony PS3 for gaming and Blu-Ray , etc. ... I 'm not dumb when it comes to technology , I 'm only 25 - but this Onkyo receiver has SOOOOO many bells and whistles that it can be confusing as heck . Every feed -LRB- dolby digital , DTS , etc etc -RRB- more or less has to be customized to a sound field -LRB- Hall , THX Cinema , All Channel Stereo , etc -RRB- while you 're listening to it in order to make it sound good . That does n't sound like it would be tough , but it can be difficult considering how many sound formats and DSP mode combinations there can be . Plus on commercials you only have 30 seconds to find the remote -LRB- especially hard if you 're a Harmony or universal remote user -RRB- and change the modes until it sounds right.The surround sound is intense ... although not as loud as my old Sony which was considerably less powerful as per the watts . Probably some of the best sound field processing I 've ever heard ... really makes you feel like you 're part of the action.The auto speaker calibration from multiple areas in the room makes it ideal ... and you do n't have to worry about cutting all your speaker cables to identical lengths as it times the speakers for you.The 3 HDMIs vs the 2 on the TX-SR605 is what sold me . I have 3 HDMI devices & an HTPC using DVI . If you 're looking for a great all in one solution for a moderate sized room I would recommend this product.Don ' t let the pictures online fool you either ... it 's big , heavy , and VERY attractive in silver . I saw the black on at Circuit City and it kinda looked cheap . The Silver model looks much more refined with contrasting colors and textures on the front.Great receiver for the money - especially if you have a few HDMI devices and love to customize the way ANY sound source and format sounds independently .
 This receiver sounds great , and the automatic setup was easy to do -LRB- though it takes a little time -RRB- , and worked well . I tend to pump too much volume through the surrounds , and I think the automated setup sounds better than what I 'd have done on my own . I run HDMI into the receiver from an XBOX 360 with HD DVD drive , SONY upconverting DVD player , and a DirecTV HD DVR receiver , which means I only needed to run one HDMI cable to my TV for both audio and video . I also purchased Onkyo 7.1 speakers , so all the connections were color coded -LRB- not a big deal , really , but kind of nice -RRB- . Looks like the price has gone up considerably -LRB- over $ 160 -RRB- since I purchased it , too .
 I just upgraded to the onkyo 705 from an 8 year old sony surround in a box . I ca n't believe the difference ... My ears actually cant believe the difference . I can hear things I didnt even know where in movies or 360 games before . Dialogue is crystal clear . I can turn the volume down lower , but still hear more detail which is great bc my wife is the head of the decibel police.The HD upconversion is good , but not great from my direct tv.The sound calibration tool that allows you to pick different areas to sit in and have the surround focus on it is a neat feature and allows me to move around my family room and still get surround catered to where I decide to park it.I highly recommend this product if you want to spend a very fair price for a good moderate receiver . I just picked up the onkyo 905 for my home theatre in the basement and I cant wait to hook it up and hear the difference !
 Got the receiver pretty quickly from Amazon . Had purchased the previous version of this receiver and loved it , except for the fact it kept over heating and shutting down . This new one is supposed to have a fan to prevent this . I say supposed to because I can not hear it , good engineering or is it really there ? It still gets pretty warm so I 'm assuming it is pulling the watts , good thing I have a nuclear plant on the other side of my backyard fence.My only issue with it so far is that if you want to have the Surround sound back speakers on you need to have Zone 2 off . That just seems odd since they have different output jacks , but I guess they are reusing some components somewhere . This was n't really clear to me when I bought it . Not a big deal just odd.Otherwise this is a great machine .
 Amplifier does what it claims except I do n't notice any upgrade of standard DVDs . The Pure Audio mode improves the sound quality of standard CDs - very nice . The power is adequate but does not seem to be any more powerful than my previous 60W amp . Overall , I think the Onkyo TX-SR 705 is a fine receiver . I have had it for two months . My only complaint is the BUILT-IN COOLING FAN , which can be heard from 8 feet away . When music is playing in ca n't be heard but between songs and in quiet scenes in movies it can . One would think Onkyo would have made sure to put a quiet fan in the amp . I am thinking of getting an additional , quieter place-on-top fan to cool , which may prevent the internal , built-in fan from turning on ; it turns on when the amp reaches a certain temperature . The additional fan costs about $ 25 on ebay and plugs into socket in the back of the amp .
 This receiver has the features , that any DIYer would need to comppleate a quality home cinema install without breaking the bank or compremizing sound quality . with a 12v trigger , hdmi ver1 .3 analog up convertion to hdmi great for 1 cable hook up to tv or projector . Sat radio , & ipod compatibility -LRB- with optional dock -RRB- a great auto calibration system ,2 zones , the setup is made a little easyer with on screen setup BUT READ the manual first !!! It will save your frustration.Other cool features , Internet Radio , Streaming Audio From PC , IR Input , with custom input labeling you wont need to remember what component is hooked up to what input for example my blue ray player is hooked up to the game input and when I select that input the recievers displays BlueRay.the only thing that prevented me from giving it 5 stars was the lack of a stadium sound in the DSP modes do n't misunderstand me though it does have many great sound modes , that is one that I realy loved when watching sunday football . So in a nut shell , this reciever is worth the price it wo n't disapoint !
 When this reciever is released it will be the cheepest A/V receiver on the market with 3 switchable HDMI ports .1080 p pass-through on HDMI 1.3 .
 Read the reviews for all the Onkyo systems and believe what you read as this is nice for a mid priced unit that I hope will give me options for the future as this is very versatile.The connections were easy but the setup instructions for assigning components -LRB- DVD , PC , ECT -RRB- is a bit complicated for us older folk but it is easy to learn if you read a bit everyday it actually becomes fun.If you have serious problems with electronics and installation of wires find someone to set this up and reap the rewards of your purchase without the FUN ... I feel that the remote could be easier to use but after this is setup it is not bad at all.J & R ; sent mine and did a great job of packaging this so it arrived unhurt unlike the box as it is large and heavy , see C-Net for their video reviews of other Onkyo systems & learn how to pronounce the name!HH
 I 've owned this receiver for about 4 weeks now and could n't be happier . I have the Bose Acoustimass 10 speaker system connected to this receiver and the output is really crisp . Setup was a breeze with the Audyssey speaker setup . The thing I really liked is that you could change the values for the individual speakers if you are n't totally satisfied with the automatic settings . I hardly go beyond -15 db -LRB- max is +12 i guess -RRB- and can already feel the walls shake.Also , I love the option of customizing pre-set listening modes for different inputs . I have my DVD player connected to it through HDMI and the receiver automatically switches between DTS , Dolby Digital and Dolby PLII modes depending on the audio stream from the DVD . The learning remote is the only one I use to operate my TV , Cable Set top box , DVD player and the receiver.No heating issues , no clicking , no audio lag . A must buy for anyone looking for a receiver in the $ 600 range .
 I replaced a Yamaha HTR-5850 with this receiver . The Yamaha had served me well , but I was ready to go totally HDMI switching . After looking at many brands , I chose Onkyo mainly due to the 3 HDMI inputs . Most comparably priced units only had 2 , and I wanted to run a cable box , Blu-Ray , and Apple TV through it . The setup was easy and smooth . The picture sent from all components to my Hitachi TV are more than acceptable.Then came the acid test . How would Alan Parsons `` On Air '' -LRB- DTS DVD -RRB- sound ? My speakers are Klipsch , KLFC7 center , Quartet mains , KG4 rear , RW12 sub . WOW ! The DTS direct audio setting preformed beyond my expectations . I truly believe this receiver improved the sound of my system 25-30 % . I would HIGHLY reccomend it .
 Man-alive ! Well I use to have systems like this back in the day . I left that scene thinking new technology past me by , and decided to go with your run of the mill HTIB system , boy , was I wrong ! When I received my Onkyo + Polk Audios RM6880s my eyes lit up like a little kid again . I removed nearly every wire from the back of my old system and hooked the HDMIs in and away I went ! I coupled this with an Oppo DVD player as well as a 50 '' Panasonic Plasma , Shazammmmm ! This Onkyo offers every thing I could ever imagine . If you 're looking to buy quality products , look no further . If you think you 're going to have problems setting the system up , call one of the neighbors kids over . LOL
 I purchased the Onkyo to be the centerpiece of a home theater . My requirements were THX-certified -LRB- this one is Select2 -RRB- , TrueHD processing , and the ability to upconvert video sources to 1080p . The Onkyo had it all . Setup using the Audyssey system was a breeze , and while I can not vouch for the video quality -LRB- 46 '' LCD is the next piece -RRB- , the sound on music , movies , and TV are excellent . I 'm currently running a 5.1 channel setup with the bi-amped Infinity Beta 50 's as my front mains , and the system was able to compensate nicely so that they do not overpower my smaller , rear-channels satellites . In movies , every sound detail is reproduced with excellent clarity , and with nice , even distribution of the bass from the Sony subwoofer . After the new TV is installed , I 'll be hooking it up to a second receiver to create a Zone 2 and the system will be very nice - and it all started with the receiver . Definitely recommend this system !
 I bought this a couple weeks back and it arrived the NEXT DAY with free shipping -LRB- as well as the latest firmware 1.06 -RRB- . Good job Amazon!I have the receiver working with an XBR5 , PS3 , and KEF 3000 series speakers . Great combination .
 The receiver has excellent features but is difficult to set up and configure . Also , it seems the volume should be louder for 100 Watt output power . When doing the auto speaker level setup , the maximum volume is not much louder than normal `` room volume . '' Sometimes , I like to `` crank it up . '' I manually configured the speaker levels to get more volume .
 This receiver is just right for my home theatre requirement . My Sony 85W times 5.1 -- gave it up right before the holidays . I used it hard , as I will this Onkyo TX-SR705S 7.1 -- at 100W per channel . I use my receiver to watch TV , especially with Hi Def and mostly 5.1 . I 'm only using two of the three HDMI inputs -LRB- Time Warner cable & a Samsung 1080 DVD player -RRB- , and the output to a Samsung 26 '' 1080P LCD flatscreen TV . The audio is noticeably improved with this receiver . I can hear a flea spit in the middle of a fire fight -LRB- if you will-LOL -RRB- during `` Saving Private Ryan '' or `` Windtalkers '' . Set-up is 6hrs -- use the manual to save time . It 's amazing how automatic this unit is -- but it must be hooked-up correctly . I ca n't wait to buy a HD and or Blu-ray DvD player -- My current up-convert is working well with this receiver -- producing at least 720i -- or so the receiver says . Oh , you CAN change the input titles with use of the op-manual .
 Just got the Onkyo TX-SR803B for Christmas and due to price of the TX-SR705 , I could not pass it up for my bedroom . Now I have to find where to put my old SR-727 ! I consider myself an experienced audiophile and as I have had Onkyo , Sony , Pioneer , and others in the past , Dollar for Dollar , the Onkyo 's just sound better ! Regarding the set up of the unit , if the folk purchasing this unit follow the directions closely , it is a snap to do and can be done by just about anyone with a little degree of technical know-how .
 July 22 , 2008 . After 6 months of use , I now have 1 complaint . Switching among the various A/V components with this receiver is slow . The transitions take at least several seconds before the receiver ` acquires ' the signal.Sometimes , switching channels on the cable converter/DVR box is slow and gets annoying after a while . ************************************************************************* For those people that do n't like to read long comments , bottom line
 Whew ! This piece of state of the art machinery is a sight to behold . It 's very simple to set-up , but tedious if you do n't know what you 're doing.I paired this up with a Toshiba A3 player , and the sound/image is pristine!I have not used the mic to synch up the sound levels , I 've just done it manually . I have to get used to it before I get too much into it . Lots of inputs/outputs , but my favorite feature so far are the THX DTS sound fields.This thing kicks like a horse , and the volume is n't even turned up all that high , which means it has a powerful amp built in -- with lots of power to go around . This baby is giving my JBL and Infinity speaker system a good workout.The receiver is THX certified , so that 's a plus.Anyways , you owe it to your ears to add this badboy to your hi-def viewing adventures .
 All I can say is BUY IT !!!! . Great sound and everything works . Nice HDMI-video and sound.It does get hot.I replace a Yamaha RX v750 and the Onkyo sounds better .
 This receiver has worked perfectly for me . Sure , the manual is pretty bad , but that is no reflection of how this receiver works . I have not had any of the problems that others seem to be running into -LRB- fan noise , handshake issues , etc. -RRB- . Initially I was experiencing audio/video being out of sync , but I went to the Hardware Setup menu and enable Lip Sync -LRB- this does n't work for all TVs -RRB- . Sound reproduction is stellar in all modes -LRB- and there are plenty -RRB- . I ca n't attest to the 705 's video upconversion , but I have no complaints about this receiver .
 The Onkyo 705 receiver does some things extremely well , but does have some weaknesses which stand out . This is a wonderful receiver if you are able to sidestep the weaknesses . STRONG POINTS
 I am extremely satisfied with the Onkyo TX-SR 705 A/V receiver . When coupled with the Onkyo SKS-HT240 surround speakers the overall quality and user experience are excellent . The installation and setup were aided by excellent diagrams and color-coding and the remote control exceeded my expectations for being able to program all the peripherals under the single Onkyo remote control . My only complaint is that the organization of the user manual is somewhat less than logical and has a tendency to confuse and side-track . I have no regrets about my purchase
 This receiver was exactly what I was looking for . It handles my Directv HD Receiver , Xbox360 and PS3 perfectly with unbelievably high-quality sound and I am still using some 10 year old Kenwood speekers . I ca n't imagine how good it will sound with updated speakers . I would highly recommend this receiver for avid movie watchers and gaming enthusiasts .
 This receiver fits my needs perfectly . I have surround sound in the great room and speakers in all of the other rooms as well as the front and back patios . I am able to play music from any media in all rooms and patios while still watching TV with the surround sound in the Great Room . And this all from one receiver .
 Love this receiver for the money . Only real problem I have is when changing channels using HDMI passthrough/upconvert decent little delay while signal aquired . Getting signal from STB/Cable and not sure if slow response is completely receiver . Other than this definetly a good choice of upgrade from my outdated Yamaha . Audio is adjustable to a ridiculus point and sounds great . Buy this receiver and you will not be let down .
 I bought this from Amazon in early February . Set up was easy with my existing surround sound system and HD TV . I wound up buying a new DVD player so that I could utilize the HDMI hookup . Setting up the ideal sound was easy and did n't take long . My wife says she noticed an improvement in our picture and I noticed an improvement in the sound quality . I use the macro buttons to turn on the receiver , satellite dish and TV . My wife loves using one button to turn all of these on and off at once.Overall , very satisfied with my purchase .
 After some good research and comparison , I recently bought this model , and have been using it extensively.My original setup -LRB- which was also recently acquired -RRB- consisted of a Sony Bravia 52W3000 , Logitech Z-5500 system , Sony PS3 , Wii , Vtech and Sony VCR.The SR705 allowed us to effectively address the following key items :1 -RRB- Take advantage of the PS3 's PCM Uncompressed Dolby TrueHD-to-PCM , both over-HDMI interface , with HDMI v1 .3 a compliance -LRB- must support xvColor , device control , etc. -RRB- 2 -RRB- Pave the way for native support of Dolby TrueHD , DTS-HD/MA a7 .1 sound potential , independently of the PS3 's native support .3 -RRB- Allow us to fully re-use the already phenomenal Z-5500 system , thus having 5.1 or 7.1 RCA pre-outs on the receiver were mandatory in order to use the Z-5500 as the final amplified stage .4 -RRB- Fully exploit the Z-55000 THX-certified system , by overcoming the non-adjustable equalization of its own sound processor -LRB- otherwise sounding PHENOMENAL , already -RRB- .5 -RRB- Fit within the depth of my existing cabinet -LRB- frontal-access only -RRB- , thanks to the SR705 14.5 '' depth , thus leaving enough space in the back for HDMI connectors and cables.Consequently , there was NO other receiver in the market capable of addressing all of the above requirements , for slightly under $ 599 , which was the unit 's price -LRB- pre-tax -RRB- . Summary of Pros/Advantages :1 . The SR705 is turned on or off automatically from Our Bravia 52W3000 , once the corresponding HDMI input is selected from the TV 's menu . This is GREAT for the wife and kids .2 . The Bravia streams PCM , Dolby 2.0 and Dolby 5.1 directly to the Z-5500 via optical connection , without necessarily turning on the SR705 nor even using it . This is SUPER GREAT for wife-and-kids who get more than what they need already with the Z-5500 .3 . The SR705 is capable of re-sending the original HDMI-in audio streams to the Bravia , via HDMI-out interface , as long as the TV can handle them , thus allowing to listen to the audio content via the humble TV speakers , even if you forget or decide not to turn the amplified-stage volume up -LRB- Z-5500 -RRB- or the 705 's audio level . Also GREAT for the Wife and Kids .4 . The on-board Auddyssey Calibration produces sound over the Z-5500 that is * unbelievably * clear , crisp and `` organic '' -LRB- not canned , or `` electronic '' or too `` bassy '' -RRB- . It does adjusts levels per speakers , as well as spectral response via comprehensive equalization , all automatically calculated during setup . It extracts melodies , dynamics and effects that I did not even imagine were possible . I used six precisely-located measures , and then adjusted the cross-over points manually for the Z-5500 THX-compliant speakers -LRB- as instructed in the well-written 705 manual -RRB- .5 . On-board , variable-speed and almost inaudible fans for extra cooling .6 . VERY USEFUL and powerful remote control , which feels balanced and beefy on your hand . Do n't let its wide range of buttons intimidate you , as they are very well organized and are easy to locate .7 . Easy to access and navigate menus.Summary of Cons/Disadvantages :1 . The unit runs HOT , at variable degrees of temperatures , depending on the degree of features , volume levels , etc. . You need to let its on-board fans run efficiently , and let enough space for cooling , above the top grill on its * entire * surface -LRB- there are different heat sources and `` areas '' -RRB- .2 . The SR705 display has one or two lines of information , and I would be perfectly happy if I could see , at the same time , the input stream , processing effect , and output-interface , without having to press a key on the remote to alternate the information .3 . The Remote Control is spartan-looking in appereance -LRB- but I forgive it because of how effectively works -RRB- .4 . The menus appereance is also humble and not-polished -LRB- which I do not mind because they are well organized and easy to navigate -RRB- .5 . Firmware does not seem to be upgradeable by the end-user -LRB- I assume it is the same principle as the 605 -RRB- . For the rest , this is * the * Receiver to have for U.S. $ 600 . Enjoy !
 I replaced my Onk 702 with this beast . Holy s $ & % ! This thing does everything I want it to do . It brought new life to my theater room . I can push my Def-Tech 's to the limit with little effort . I almost bought the Marantz , I 'm glad I did n't . I recommend using the Audyssey MultEQ XT to set up your room feature . I thought my ears could determine the settings . After using the Audyssey , I checked its settings against mine and kept shaking my head in wonder . Now , any action movie sounds as if you 're in the middle of it .
 Great receiver . I bought the receiver from J&R ; for $ 599 + free shipping . Breeze to set up and get going in a few minutes right out of the box.I have it set up in my home theater in the basement with a Panny 1080p projector and a Panny Blu-ray player . The only con is that in a large size room like my basement - a 100Watt per channel does n't seem adequate . Its loud and crisp enough for watching movies with volume turned up about 2/3 of the way - but if you need to crank up the volume for a party to the max - it sounds weak even at full volume . I wish I had gotten the 805 instead - but did n't fancy the bulkier , larger and heavier 805 besides the issue of 805 getting hot.Onkyo 's 100W per channel is not the same as a Harmon Kardon . Overall I am very happy with the Onkyo 705 - especially for the purpose I bought it for - i.e - 3 HDMI inputs , Master Audio DTS and True Dolby decoding .
 I was looking for a receiver that would work for my current configuration , plus have abilities for furture needs . After doing some research I think I wanted a receiver with at least 3 HDMI v1 .3 inputs , upconversion , lots of decoders -LRB- DTSHD , dolbyHD , etc -RRB- , and THX in hopes I would buy some good quality speakers one day . It also is 7.1 and 100/channel RMS.The receiver is really easy to setup , Sounds great , and is flexible in the sense you can assign different types of surround sound to different inputs -LRB- dvd , xbox360 , cabletv , etc -RRB- . Also with a built in adjustable crossover you are able to send lows to your subwoofer and keep your other speakers with mids and high freq . I chose this one because of price , features , reviews by others vs. Yamaha , Sony , Marantz , Harman kardon .
 owning a ps3 and hddvd player i decided to upgrade my reciever to one that will support the new hd sounds with hdmi 1.3 . i sold my old tx-nr801 and purchased this one and never looked back . the only complaint -LRB- if you can call it a complaint -RRB- is that it only has one a/c outlet in the rear . i use two , one for the subwoofer and one for a powered fm antenna . oh well , theres ways to work around it.im not a audiophile by any means so i could not tell the difference between my old 801 model and this 705 model . an overall great reciever for any system .
 The reason to get this receiver over the 605 is the step up to 3 hdmi inputs and THX certification.The power consumption of this unit is more efficient then the 805 and 605 . This unit was built after those 2 other models . This is n't the lonely middle child , it shines on its own.There is also a slew of issues this receiver does not exhibit that the 805 has problems with -LRB- check AVS forums for details -RRB- HDMI video looks great , 7.1 sound great ! Price is great ! : -RRB-
 I 've had this AV Receiver for 2 weeks now . It plays nicely with my Samsung LNT-4661 LCD TV , Playstation 3 , Motorola DCT6412 cable DVR and PC . I have a 7.1 speaker setup -LRB- at the moment it 's a jumble of brands - Polk RM8000T front , Infinity Alpha 25ES dipole/bipole surround , Acoustic Research AR303 rear surround and Infinity subwoofer -RRB- . I think one of the key reasons I chose to go with the SR705 over the SR605 is the fact that it has * 3 * HDMI inputs . It keeps the cabling a little better under control when there 's only a single receiver to TV HDMI cable . Also it handles the upconversion of non-HD sources very well with Faroudjia DCDi.I 'd say I 'd agree with the complexity of setup , but it 's easier than it is on a lot of other AV Receivers . It comes with the Audyssey calibration equipment . I have n't done any fancy audiometry to evaluate the accuracy of the automatic calibration but I 'm impressed as a listener.It has all the power it needs to fill the room with sound , whether it 's classical music , rock or movie soundtrack . I 'm happy with my decision .
 This is a very solid AV receiver , with great sound , good front panel and remote controls , some nice touches and a couple of less-than-fatal flaws.Cons - It `` only '' connects up to 5 video input sources , even using the AUX input -LRB- which might require connectors in front , depending on cable choices -RRB- . 5 sounds like a lot , but with DVRs , DVD players , games , recorders , AppleTV , etc. they go fast . Already , I could already use another ! Of those 5 , up to 3 can be HDMI , which is a big plus for this model . The other video sources must use Component -LRB- up to 3 -RRB- , S-video or Composite . -LRB- There are additional audio-only inputs as well . -RRB- - Zone 2 is actually pretty handy -LRB- if you do n't use all 7 channels for home theatre , you can re-purpose 2 audio channels - they get a separate input selection and volume control . Great for a remote speaker pair ! -RRB- . But it only supports analog audio . That means digital audio sources -LRB- e.g. , those with Optical connectors -RRB- either wo n't work in Zone 2 , or require additional cabling -LRB- using regular RCA-type stereo inputs as well -RRB- . - HDMI audio is slow to sync - for example , after resuming from a DVR Pause , video is rolling for 2-3 seconds before audio resumes - you can miss some dialog and have to jump back . - OnScreen Display -LRB- e.g. , volume bars and other visual feedback -RRB- is handy , but OSD does n't work with HDMI inputs . -LRB- Understandable , since the signal passes through , but disappointing . -RRB- - Setup was n't completely intuitive , but was quite workable . -LRB- It 's not rocket science , but it helps to understand the basic concepts in advance . -RRB- Pros - It really sounds great , and the digital video is flawless . The `` Audisy '' automatic speaker calibration feature gave a dramatic improvement in sound quality for my listening room . - I think it 's a great value , especially if you need 3 HDMI inputs . - There are some nice small touches , like the ability to balance the volume levels on different input sources - to avoid a jarring change in volume when switching.Disclaimers - I use a Harmony remote -LRB- `` one ring to rule them all '' -RRB- , so I ca n't comment much on the Onkyo remote . - This is n't my first AV Receiver , and I 'm somewhat into wires and pliers . `` Your mileage may vary . `` ConclusionI really like the performance - sound and video are great , especially for the price . It 's a very good product , not perfect but solid , convenient , and very good at what it does .
 I went through SR605 , SR705 and Yamaha RX-V1800 . Both 605 and 705 are the greatest values on the market when HDMI and built-in HD decoders are a value.HDMI implementation is the best I know of . It works well and support HDMI device control features , absent in other units , including the most expensive ones -LRB- although Pioneer Elite would come close , but it is not as flexible as Onkyo
 It is hard to rate products like this . It is a super duper feature packed product . You get a lot of bells and whistles . Integrated amp has three main parts ,1 -RRB- Power supply2 -RRB- Pre-amp , processor3 -RRB- AMP1 -RRB- Power Supply
 - I had this receiver for more then 2 weeks now . I am using it with my Boss 5.1 speakers . I tried TX-SR605 for 2 weeks before moving up to TX-SR705 . I found the power of TX-SR605 was little less -LRB- could be I did not setup correctly or something -RRB- after switching to this I am very happy with its performance . - I consider myself reasonably good at setting up this this kind electronic components but it was even difficult for me to understand it the setup . It took me close to 4 hrs to get it right . - Universal Remote which comes with receiver is also pretty good I easily got it working with my Samsung HDTV , Motorolla Cable Box and Samsung DVD/VHS combo .
 Well I 've owned this receiver for about a month now so I think I can give it a fair review . If you do your research you will know what you are getting . -LRB- highly recommended for any receiver -RRB- For the price this receiver had everything I wanted at an absolute bargain : HDMI 1.3 Onboard decoding of HD audio formatsCustom input labelsGood balance of power consumption and outputThe sound is excellent , especially when you have a good source . -LRB- duh -RRB- Now I have a fairly small place , so I did n't need the additional watts per channel that the 805 or 875 offer , All my devices can output via HDMI so my video does n't suffer with the Farouja chips down/up conversion of all other inputs to 720p . -LRB- if you have HD feeds via component they will look a little soft if your eye is discerning enough -RRB- I would recommend the 875 if that is an issue.Now for the often mentioned lip sync issue
 Got Onlyo 705 to complement my Sony XBR4 LCD TV , and Polk Speaker System . Solid unit , just wish it does better job upconverting from SD . Sound is just amazing , Love Neural THX sound when listening to XM Radio .
 I was searching for a reciever to replace my old Harman Kardon AVR 520 . Sony and Denon were also canidates . The price and the specs on the Onkyo won out . A multitude of connections and a wealth of sound fields to pick from . The 3 hdmi 1.3 connectors are really nice and work very well . The speaker calibration microphone is cool too -LRB- although it set my sub volume too low -RRB- . I run a 6.1 setup with Infinity Tss 1200 speakers . Movies and games sound fantastic ! Takes a while to set up but it is well worth it !
 Enough said , this is as close as you can get to a high end system without spending a bundle . I paired it with the Onkyo SKS-HT 240 Home Theater Speaker and it sounded impressive . Most of my buddies have either have a high end systems or Bose . And i got a lot of compliments at my party with the choice i 've made . I Love It . Definely recommend !! J&R is the place to buy it . You place your order today and literaly your item is on your doorsteps the next day .
 What a great device . I * stole * mine for $ 400 on a one-day sale . Unreal ! I did n't want the silver face , but hey ... I saved $ 300 !! That aside , lets talk about this unit . Most of the amazon reviews I read made me invest in this great device and let me tell you , it was worth it ! I can not rate this device as well as others who precede me , however I can say that this lived up to my standards of quality I was hoping for from a prosumer device like this one.The sound from this unit is ... unreal . I purchased all Polk speakers for the 7.1 surround and I am not sorry . It 's a great unit . I 'll do a quick PRO/CON list here : PROS : It sounds great . It delivers music quality in a stunning way . It switches all my HDMI videos flawlessly and decodes everything automatically . I love it ! It 's effortless for me to enjoy my entertainment system . I connected :1 -RRB- HDTV Samsung TV -LRB- HDMI -RRB- 2 -RRB- Sony BluRay 350 player -LRB- HDMI -RRB- 3 -RRB- TiVo HD XL -LRB- HDMI -RRB- 4 -RRB- Computer/Karaoke -LRB- RCA -RRB- 5 -RRB- Wii -LRB- RCA -RRB- 6 -RRB- MythTV box -LRB- RCA -RRB- So when the BluRay player downmixes to PCM bitstream , the Receiver decodes and displays properly -LRB- most make the mistake of decoding on the BluRay player so the amp never tells you what is really playing -RRB- The THX on this unit REALLY BRINGS IN the rear surround . WOW ! My favorite setting is the THX Neural7 .1 setting which takes a stereo input -LRB- Wii , Computer , etc -RRB- and converts to 7.1 . HOLY COW WOW ! It 's VERY accurate too . Wii artifacts are BEHIND me and I know the Wii did n't do that . Nice!It 's LOUD . REALLY loud . But clean . I 've heard better but ... C'mon ... My 100 year old house was n't designed for audiophile sampling . Listening to a DTS disk at +2 db BLOWS MY MIND . It is SO clear , so true ... so LOUD ... it 's amazing . So amazing.CONS -LRB- and why it did n't get 5 stars -RRB- Ok ... wow ... where do I start ? I will justify the header of this review by saying that ... english can not be the first language of the people who made the manual . It is AWFUL ! For instance , when setting up the amp in the `` getting started '' portion , it makes reference to visual guides to set up your speakers , etc. . . But ... the VIDEO help comes a few pages AFTER the audio help so ... the entire audio help is useless without the video help ... HELLOOOO ? The instructions are out of order . Set the VIDEO FIRST then go to the audio setup where the instructions use visual aids to establish the connections.The illustrations in the manual are WRECKLESS and tragic . One illustration has arrows pointing all over the place . I thought it was a joke like those signs you see in M.A.S.H. that point all over the world . Wow ... Gim me a break . NO ONE UNDERSTANDS THAT!Ok . . with the documentation hazards out of the way , lets move to the audio CONS
 I bought the Onkyo TX-SR705 after 6 months of research . I 've had it for a couple of months now and I could ` nt be happier . My setup includes Infinity Primus 362s for front channels , Infinity Beta C360 center channel , Infinity Beta ES250 bipole/dipoles for rear and surround channels , and Infinity SW-12 sub . Buying good speakers is just half the battle , they wo n't sound too good if your amp does not have enough power to drive them . A harley wo n't go too far on a moped engine : -RRB- Here 's my 2 cents : The set up is a breeze if you are slightly geekish - ask your significant other for confirmation . The set up mic will automatically trigger the Audessy set up . The process takes about 15 to 30 minutes depending on the number of positions you are using . You have to be very very quiet for the set up to calibrate which can be hard to do if you have a hyper kid and/or a hyper dog . The set up does a good job , however you can tweak it by your ear.The sound quality is phenomenal to say the least . Cds that I have been listening to for 10 years now give be goose bumps.The unit is big and heavy and runs pretty hot so there is no hiding this monster . That is not a concern coz you will want to show it off : -RRB- All the sound modes are not available for all the input sources . It does automatically recoganize the 5.1 dolby sound from my directTV HD receiver and sets sound to Dolby Digital . Using the THX setting is a matter of personal preference . I do find it good for cinema because the dialogues are a lot clearer.The HDMI switching is a nice feature , only one HDMI cable runs to my wall mounted LCD . The remote is very functional and well laid out . I like hte learning feature on the remote . Just point any remote to it and it will learn the command . The macro buttons will earn you some hugs the the lady of the house.It downconverts 1080i signals to 720p , however on my 47 '' TV , I can not tell the differance even at 5 feet . I love the late night listening mode . The receiver intelligently lowers the volume of only the loud sounds while the dialogues are nice and clear.All in all this is a great receiver and you will be delighted with the performance .
 After much review of the market , the 705 stood out above anything else . The most amazing thing is that is directly comparable feature-wise to receivers costing 4X as much or more ! I ca n't think of a feature it 's lacking that I would want ... and it has much , much more than it should at its price point . Look no further , this is the A/V receiver to buy .
 I 've had my Onkyo TX-SR705 for about a week now and I 'm lovin it . Set-up was a breeze although I have only set the speaker levels manually at this time . I looked at the manual a few times during set-up but most things -LRB- if you have ANY experience at all with A/V equipment -RRB- were very intuitive . This reciever met all my requirements-the right size , 3 HDMI inputs , THX certification , DTS-HD Master Audio , Dolby TrueHD , 1080p 1.3 a video processing , great reviews and a reasonable price . I replaced a Bose Lifestyle 35 system with this reciever and am using the Bose Acoustimass 16 speaker system with it -LRB- only because I already had them and until I get the KEF KHT5005 .2 speaker system I want -RRB- and then all the bose stuff will go on ebay . I thought the Bose stuff was good but it was time for a change -LRB- they made plenty of money off me so they ca n't complain -RRB- . The reciever sounds great with the Bose set-up so I expect to be blown off the couch with the KEF set-up . I have my Direct TV HD/DVR plugged into HDMI 1 , my Sony BDP-S300 in HDMI 2 , and my Toshiba HD-A35 in HDMI 3 . Very sweet connections . 1 HDMI cable from each device to the reciever and 1 HDMI cable from to reciever to my Philips 47 '' LCD-DONE . Connecting devices in and out of an A/V reviever has NEVER BEEN EASIER . The only problem I encountered was with the connection of the Bose speakers . Bose speaker wires come as a ribbon strip of wires -LRB- similar to ribbon strip wiring you would find inside a computer -RRB- and they do not mark which wire is which -LRB- other than RCA jack on LFE connection and red band on positive speaker wires -RRB- so you have to rely on the `` drawing '' of how the connections are suppose to go . I put banana pins on the end of the speaker wires to make connection easier -LRB- which it did wonderfully -RRB- but even following Boses ' directions carefully I found out -LRB- by setting the speaker levels manually -RRB- that I had superimposed my front and rear right and left speaker connections -LRB- Rt was Lt and Lt was Rt on both front and rear speakers -RRB- . A very easy fix since I had put the banana pin connectors on the wires . So , with all the setup done I turned to the remote -LRB- excuse me , `` programable remote '' -RRB- and proceeded to program my equipment into it . Now , I only have one gripe about this reciever and that is the remote . The only piece of my equipment that would program correctly was the TV . None of the other equipment would take any of the codes that the manual supplied -LRB- nothing on the web site either -RRB- but that was really not a surprise because I have never seen a universal remote to this day that is really universal . My solution , the Logitech Harmony 1000 -LRB- which will be here tomorrow -RRB- . It is kind of an expensive solution but it has gotten great reviews and I have high hopes -LRB- who wants 4-5 remotes sitting around all the time to try to remember which button on which remote to push -RRB- . I am no sound engineer so I ca n't comment on the specs of this reciever so I base my opinions on what I do know . 1 . Great sound-check ,2 . Great picture-check , 3 . Easy to connect and use-check check and double check . Talk all you want about the technical stuff , it dose n't bother me -LRB- its also Greek to me -RRB- , I had a list of what I wanted in a reciever and the Onkyo TX-SR705 meet EVERY SINGLE ONE of those requirements . You do have to turn on the HDMI inputs , strange , but that was very easy to do . Buy it , You 'll love it!P.S . anyone looking for some good used Bose equipment ? : -RRB-
 Having conducted a lot of research and read many reviews I determined that the 705 was the right choice for me . I have not regretted it . For the money , it offers by far the most features , and the sound quality is fantastic for my needs.Cons : - Purchasing it used through Amazon 's warehouse , left me without a remote -LRB- although not advertised as such -RRB- . It is impossible to operate without one and they cost 60 dollars to replace . - The complexity of set-up could prove bothersome to those who are not audiophiles or hold an audio engineering degree . It 's not a beginner level set-up . - The receiver does produce some heat , but it is to be expected for the amount of processing it conducts , and is nothing compared to a plasma tv.Pros : - The multiple HDMI inputs are tremendous for reducing the complexity of changing input . My wife can now operate the home theater with the press of a single button . - The multiple listening modes should satisfy anyone 's ears as there are so many , and the sound quality on each is good . - The Audysee automatic speaker tuning is remarkable ! Set it and forget it . - The on-screen menu is easy to navigate and simple to use .
 This receiver has decent power , tons of inputs , and proper HDMI switching . Speaker calibration is a snap using the included mic . The only minor complaint I have is that it sometimes does not respond to commands from my Harmony 670 remote . I do n't know if this is an issue with the Onkyo 's remote sensor , or if the Harmony is not doing what it should . Based on previous experience with Onkyo 's remote , I suspect the 705 is not getting the remote commands because its sensor seemed to have a fairly narrow field of view .
 This actually made my speakers sound better . I had an old Yamaha to replace and im so glad i did . Was able to get it for 499 from amazon . Make sure you have a descent set of speakers or otherwise you will not get the full joy and experience . This upgrade has now made me look into moving from 5.1 to a 7.1 setup , im so excited . Do not hold back on this , you will not be disapointed !
 Had this new receiver a month now and am very happy with it , will take a while to figure out all the bells and whistles but overall am satisfied with the functions and remote control setup . Sounds silly , but the only gripe would be too many choices for the listening mode , slowly figuring out the best mode for each piece of equipment and application .
 In years past -LRB- before retirement -RRB- I used to spend thousands on high end `` surround sound '' receivers . I 'm startled to find this Onkyo sr-705 does everything I have need for it to do ... and then some . I 'm still not comfortable installing them but had a `` cable guy '' moonlight the job and we have it running letter perfect . What great bang-for-the-buck . The hdmi connections really make the setup easy
 My old Onkyo receiver from the 80 's worked great for many years . Time to upgrade for the digital surround sound though . This receiver will not disappoint.It does run hot . Make sure you have 2-3 inches of ventilation above this . I was hoping it would have Hidef digital radio station capability and wi-fi like the higher end Denon 's . However , they cost thousands . Other than that , this receiver can do the same thing as the higher priced receivers.Great job Onkyo !
 I bought this receiver at the end of May it came with the latest firmware update and the thing works great.I had no trouble setting it up as I previously had downloaded and read the manual twice as well as read the AVS forum thread for the Onkyo 705 for a month before my purchase.I paired it with Panasonic Th-42PZ700u plasma , dishnetwork vip722 pvr , Panasonic BD30 blu ray and a panasonic dvr/vcr combo using a pure hdmi chain.I use onkyo sks 240 speakers.My only complaint is the remote but i can overlook that since 'm going to purchase a Harmony One remote to make my life easier.Just a great receiver that puts out excellent sound.It does run hot so do n't cram it into a small space .
 Bought the product from Vann 's and I could not be happier with their service . The receiver has performed flawlessly and provides excellent sound when paired up with the Bose speaker system we use . Set up was easy and very accurate , just make sure the kids are entertained while the system runs its diagnostics as the speaker will pick up any of the noise and stop the process . All in all , with no interruptions , it was 15 minutes from box to play . Only drawback is the heat the unit generates which is substantial in a closed cabinet . At this price point this unit is very hard to beat and the HDMI and S-video ports along with the ability to expand allow this unit to keep pace as the technology evolves . No hesitation in recommending this product .
 Great reciever for its price , get it from Amazon if you know what your doing to get about 150 discount , buy it from Crutchfield if you do n't know what your doing , they can help you with hookup . I wo n't get into the technical since you can see the specs on Onkyo 's site . Check out www.avsforum.com for a complete run down of everything you could imagine with this and any other home theater component.The absolute only thing I do n't like is the display `` color '' . You CAN NOT beat this receiver for the price and even in some regards its better and packed more then receivers 1/3 more of this price .
 I looked around the web for quite a while before purchasing this receiver . It does everything I read about . The Audessy audio setup is really amazing and changed the way my home theater sounds . I wish the USA version had the ability to get and display FM radio information . For a $ 500 reciever , this is a great buy .
 I have had this product for about a month and this receiver gets the job done . No change in video via hdmi since it is a passthrough I have no loss in 1080p . I have hooked up 7.1 surround and the sound is real good . I grew up in the receiver era that you will see Dolby Digital , DTS logo on the receiver . Most of today 's HDDVD , Blu-ray players decode the signal at the player and it will display PCM MULTI HDMI logo on the receiver which it is the same sound and there is no loss in sound there . There are a wide range of surround formats that you can choose from . The remote is big with alot of buttons , but with alot of options , that works for me . You can display temperature on the receiver if you have concerns about the heat . No problem there . The speaker 's auto calibration is cool . Hooked up PS3 , Toshiba A3 HDDVD player , Time Warner DVR and it all plays beautifully . Overall , it is a good investment present and future .
 Incredible amplifier/receiver for the price . Has nearly every DSP mode that you could possibly want and tremendous flexibility . It 's amazing that TrueHD , DTS MasterAudio , THX certification and MultiEQ2 are available at this price point . The flexibility of this product could create confusion for some but the setup process is actually very easy . The lack of a beautiful Graphical User Interface is mentioned by some reviewers as a negative but do n't let that dissuade you from selecting this receiver . The on-screen setup may not be as pretty as that featured by Sony products but it is very usable .
 I purchased this when I moved into my first house , along with a number of other components , as I was building my system from scratch . This receiver , without a doubt is the best purchase decision of the bunch . It has an outstanding feature set for considerably less money than equivalently capable receivers . I 've had mine now for about a year , and have had no problems with it what-so-ever , and I can not think of anything that I have lacked or wished it did better . Additionally this is my first time buying an Onkyo branded product , as my previous receiver was lower-end Denon . I thought at the time that it would be tough to compare to the Denon quality , but Onkyo certainly surpassed by expectations . Bravo !
 The Onkyo TX-SR705 7.1 Receiver is awesome . The THX certification is just the icing on the cake . I got this on sale from Amazon.com for $ 449.99 with $ 11.99 2-day shipping . Awesome service , amazing product . Will absolutely buy from Amazon.com again . No complaints . Maybe an extra HDMI , but who cares , 3 is enough right now anyway .
 I am very please with my purchase of the Onkyo TX-SR705 . I did my home work and knew exactly what I was looking for . It performs flawlessly and does everything I expected ; this is a top quality home theater system . The best part I got lucky and caught it on sale here at Amazon . Everything arrived very fast and in perfect condition . This was my first time buying here but defiantly wo n't be my last .
 This the first new receiver I have have purchased in about 15 years . I love everything about it except the manuel . Once you get it figured out and set up it 's a A + ...
 I did a lot of research before buying the Onkyo . If you have a lot of devices to hook up , there is n't a unit that is better for you . Very few brands have three HDMI connections and they are of the new type with more features . This unit is also THX certified , unusual at this price point . The automatic speaker setup works great . Since this was for my bedroom home theater I did n't need the power of the 805 or 905 . The control is on the big size but since I only use it to turn on the unit I did n't care about that .
 I have had no problems with my new receiver . It works as expected , and it sounds better than my previous receiver . Its automatic setup seems to work very well . I had no problems with clicking or any other problems -LRB- as people on the internet claim to have had with the 805 model -RRB- .
 Ponkyo is n't a real word , but it does rhyme . Please feel free to post a comment and let me know if this should be a new word . Also , I 'd like to know the definition.I wo n't try to repeat all of the nice things that have been said by others . In my experience , they 're all true . The unit worked perfectly out of the box . Set up is n't that hard , but I would n't call it simple . If you know how to hook stuff up , you 'll be okay.The features , sound quality , build quality , looks , and price are absolutely top-notch . My biggest criticism is that I expected to be able to drive my speakers at extremely high volumes , but it seems the circuits wo n't let it reach the point of clipping . I think the box believes my speakers will clip before they actually will . That 's okay . If I max it out , I 'm playing it too loud anyway.I wanted three hdmi inputs and to know that I was future protected for new digital sound schemes . The 705 does the trick.This is my second Onkyo medium to high-end unit . The ex got the other in the divorce . You really ca n't beat Onkyo for quality sound . That 's what it 's all about .
 I got this on close out from BHPhoto cheap ! I was happy with my Yamaha 863 until I hooked up this Onkyo 705 ! I 'm too lazy to go into all of the facts . What I can say is this thing works and works great . Sound is perfect , Picture is perfect . I 'm not sure why the unit walked all over the Yamaha . Could it be the fancy Audyssey MultiEQ XT ? I think so . Long story short , I sold the Yamaha and I 'm very pleased with this Onkyo .
 The Onkyo TX-SR705 Receiver at this point is a significant step up from my previous Receiver . I have only had the receiver a short time and that is the only reason for the four star rating . The initial setup was easy and the sound quality is 30 % better than the previous receiver . I would recommend this receive to anyone who wants to take the next step in their home theater .
 Onkyo 705 was chosen over the 605 with a far superior learning universal remote as well as the extra hdmi ports . connectivity is easy including the Nintendo Wii and the Optoma HD70 projector makes for a fine home theater on a 115 inch screen .
 This is the best sounding , with the most features for the money that one can buy !
 After a month of research on AVR 'S I finally decided to go with the 705 , it has more inputs than any one receiver should be allowed to have ! It was fairly simple to set up and install . I am very pleased with this unit , I am not an audiophile by any means but I did want a quality unit to hook up my HD sat receiver , x box 360 and ps3 , all work great and this thing will decode any kind of audio you throw at it and it gives you the option to change the mode and pre set it for each input . For instance if you want your ps3 in THX you can and your x box 360 in dolby PL2 , you can , right now I havent really changed any listeing modes because they all sound great and I cant decide which one is better!This unit features 3 HDMI inputs and 1 out which is great when you are short on inputs to the TV . It also features optical inputs if you choose to use them , I am using 1 for my offair antenna to receive HD signals . You can also customize the display for each input and rename them to whatever you choose , x box , PS3 or whatever . The ability to receive XM and Sirus satelitte radio thru this receiver is also a plus as I subscribe to XM in my truck I may also at home now!I am still playing with all the options tweaking with the settings but I dont see how anyone could be dissapointed with this purchase . It is also a very nice looking AVR , these days any home theatre setup isnt complete without a quality AVR and for me this one is it .
 This Onkyo TX-SR705 with 7.1 has excellent sound quality . The high ranges and base are much more vividly decernable and tight with a clean finish on all notes . I had previously owned Mitsubishi 5.1 channel receiver and am still running the same 5.1 Bose Acoustamass 10 speakers with a vast improvement in sound quality.The Onkyo TX-SR705 7.1 takes a bit of time to set up . Hopefully you are intuitive in this area or have someone familiar with more recent receivers when assigning the outputs to your exisiting components . You will probably need additional cables if you have n't upgrade in a few years . Be sure to read the manual over and again . There is a good forum online specifically addressing the Onkyo TX-SR705 7.1 with lots of great information as well . Do n't expect to be fully up and running with this in one day . It 's a great receiver and well worth the money . Watch amazon 's prices . I bought mine for just under $ 600.00 from them and the next day it went up to $ 649.00 and as I write it is now $ 610.79 for Black .
 I have enjoyed this receiver for about a month and it 's been amazing . I am running my Tivo , PS3 and DVD through this receiver with no problem . For people who are looking for an A/V receiver with all the bells and whistles -LRB- Hdmi , DTS-HD , TrueHD -RRB- at a very good price . This is the one to consider !
 When I first read about this receiver , the features sounded great , but I was hesitant to pay drop so much money on a receiver . Considering my home audio had become a jungle and I had 3 HDMI sources , I decided to pull the trigger on the receiver . This receiver was a breeze to setup . I was especially surprised by the upconversion to 1080p for my Wii . It looks awesome !
 Amazon offered the best price and delivery was prompt.Not difficult to set up and operate . I am satisified .
 Best money I ever spent . Easy to set up . It takse a little time but it 's well worth it . My wife was even impressed in the sound quality . Great buy .
 This Onkyo receiver is the best receiver I 've ever owned . Puts out great sound . Easy to operate . I like the fully customizable speaker set up . Amazon 's price was great . Makes movie and TV watching very enjoyable . The set up was very easy . Just a couple of HDMI hook ups and set up the speakers . I only had one hitch with the video set up but a quick look in the manual resolved that .
 Hi , I bought the Onkyo 705 in April 2007 for $ 522.00 I had a 5.1 receiver previously . I had wanted a receiver that was up to date with current technology and I feel that Onkyo delivered that to me at a fair price . My only grip is trying to understand how to coordinate the speakers I have to be effective when using the 7.1 modes and I really ca n't tell if the THX rating really makes a difference , but that is probably my own hang up . I would have given the Onkyo 705 five stars but I do n't like how it runs so hot .
 Another winner from Onkyo . I purchased this to replace a TX-SR600 from a few years back . Great to be able to run everything to the tv via HDMI . After running the auto room setup , my speakers sounded better than ever before . Great deal for the money .
 My husband goes thru great lengths of internet research when he really is interested in a product . Knowing this helped me to make the right , reasonable and affordable gift choice . He has always trusted Onkyo products so I knew that he would be pleased with this item .
 This was my first avr purchase . Overall , I really like this system . I am shocked to learn that AVR software is so outdated -LRB- like ms-dos -RRB- and no company has come out with better setup software and ease of use . I guess that is why AVR 's are not as mainstream as they should be . The sound passed through this unit is very good . I have a Orb speakers hooked up to this unit which sound amazing . Feel free to email me if you have any specific questions .
 I really love the sound this thing puts out , and I like having all of my video and audio going through one component . My only trouble is that I bought the 705 thinking that I could go from coax input to HDMI input wqhen I finally sprung for the HD cable box . No such luck . The one thing I forgot to check was the coax input on the 705 . There is n't one - my bad.The receiver is great , and I 'll finally spring for the HD box , but the instructions for programming the remote are bad . It took about 35 minutes for me to get everything working properly . Seems they left out a step or two in the instructions .
 I am very pleased with the Onkyo TX-SR705 . Set-up took a few hours but was not that difficult . I was very please with the microphone set-up process for the speakers . I would highly recommend this item .
 Based on the reviews on Amazon and CNET , I bought this one and I am extremely pleased with the receiver . It 's simply superb .
 When introduced in 2007 the Onkyo line of HDMI type 1.3 a compliant receivers , including the x05 's , beat their competitors by several months when matching features and low price . There was simply no one else with such a combination of features , including the ability to decode the new audio codecs , available at those prices . Almost a year later , with the prices of the 605 , 705 , and 805 having drifted downward , that 's still true , though not quite as true as it was . In other words , folks like Yamaha and Pioneer have scrambled to offer similar features at those prices.Anyway , you knew all that . From day 1 I figured the 805 , monster that it is , was too much receiver for my set up . For one , it is literally too big for my cabinet if given proper space to breath . The 605/606 and 705 are built on a smaller chasis . When comparing the 605 and 705 , everyone mentions the extra HDMI input . Less well known is that the 705 also offers a phono input and preouts . I do n't think the 605 offers either . So if that 's importsant to you , make note.The preouts have already come in handy since about a week after my purchase , a used but super high quality 2 channel amp fell into my lap for a song . My left and right fronts are plugged into the amp , which is patched into the pre-outs for those two channels on the back of the 705 . My others are plugged directly into the receiver.Overall , the receiver is very versitile and easy to operate . It sounds great paired with my Monitor Audio speakers . The remote has an illumination button on the side I somehow missed for a week that is handy . However , the remote is pretty much a symetrical rectangle and it is hard for me to tell which is the `` front '' end in the dark.However , that 's mostly quibbling . For the price paid , $ 499 with free shipping , this is a fantstic receiver . HOWEVER , it is a challenge to set the thing up . I 'm not exactly a novice with home theater gadgets and I 'd like to think I can read pretty well . However , it took a frustratingly long amount of time for me to set the thing up . There are a lot of new folks moving into home theater now with the growing popularity of big screen , HD TV 's . Their next move is to integragrate their high end picture with top quality sound . Therefore , I think the documentation of something as sophisticated as a good quality AV receiver should be better than what came with the 705 . That 's the only reason I knocked off a star on its rating . Otherwise , the receiver itself for what you pay has no equal in my opinion . I highly recommend it .
 I have been using this Onkyo TX-SR705 for about 2 weeks . It replaced an aging Kenwood receiver , but I kept the same speakers - 5.1 set-up . The sound is fantastic . This receiver has many bells and whistles that I have not explored yet . The set-up was slightly tedious , but manageable . I un-hooked the old receiver and hooked up this receiver with a DVD/VCR , DVD , CD player , and tape deck in four hours . I had to play around with the settings on the setup menu for a while to get the speakers working , and then fine tuning each device . Set-up was not a snap , but it was not all that bad either . I was told to be sure to ground the receiver which I did . I also added a fan to the top of the receiver to keep it extra cool as a precautionary measure . The unit does not appear to run hot , and I do not have any lip sync issues . the setup may take a few moments to appear on screen , so take your time . I am very happy with the sound and all of its features . The manual should be read prior to beginning the hook-up and set-up ; although you will probably keep referring back to it from time to time . You can not go wrong with this receiver .
 This receiver is awesome ! It performs as advertised and it not very difficult to set up . Please be sure to read the set up manual first and you will have no trouble with set up or performance . Video and audio with HDMI cable is excellent with Panasonic Bluray player . In found no loss of signal . I used an optic cable for audio from cable box and it is excellent as well . Audio from CD and FM stations is clear and concise . For the price you can not purchase a better receiver
 Great receiver for the money . Only negative is the sound is not always in line with the video .
 The sound the Onkyo TX-SR705 produces is fantastic . I 'm giving this product 5 stars despite the speaker hook up posts are n't easy to deal with . The set-up instructions were clear and very easy to follow . Highly recommend this product for individuals loking for a mid-range priced receiver .
 When I realized that my future purchase of a new HDTV would be enhanced with a new AV receiver , I felt it was time to retire my 8 year old Sony ES . The Onkyo has all the new features that I was looking for and at an affordable price . It decodes all the latest lossless DVD audio formats and has HDMI V1 .3 connections so I 'll be all set when I upgrade my TV . The Audyssey speaker setup system worked great and is a great tool for those of us whose hearing is n't what it used to be . If it 's time to upgrade your AV receiver , give the Onkyo TX-SR705 some serious consideration .
 Read the other reviews and people seem to be pretty impressed with this receiver . I am as well . I just got it this afternoon and it is amazing . Yes , the setup is difficult , but not impossible . Someone said you ca n't `` label '' your input devices , but you can . Also , the unit is perfect for up-converting my Wii -LRB- component & RCA audio -RRB- , my Xbox360 -LRB- component & optical audio -RRB- , and my PS3 -LRB- HDMI -RRB- to a single HDMI output to my Panasonic TV . It also has the EZ-link with the TV via the HDMI cable , which allows the devices to turn each other on and off via the HDMI.Yes , there are only 5 TOTAL input -LRB- video -RRB- devices available on this unit , despite all the ports on the back , you plug up to 5 devices in and then tell the system which sources to use -LRB- ie , my Wii = component 3 , audio = RCA2 -RRB- . A bit confusing at first , but a very flexible interface .
 Spent 8 hours setting this up this weekend ... Good times .1 -RRB- Audio was a little bright until I found the stereo `` direct '' mode which bypasses processing ; creating noticeably more warmth to the sound though sound was still just not right -LRB- fixed after 2 below -RRB- . Using this mode also eliminates the delay in `` zone two '' which creates annoying echo effect when zone one played within earshot of main room .2 -RRB- I stream all music , MP3s and internet radio -LRB- radio paradise ! -RRB- from laptop to my receiver through an Apple airport express . On my previous Onkyo -LRB- 13 yrs old and now dead -RRB- connecting airport express via analog RCA jacks sounded great , not the case with the 705 . However , after connecting via optical cable it sounds FANTASTIC in all modes . Ya baby .3 -RRB- But now no music through zone 2 ... which sucks . What IS the deal with only analog to second zone ? Will probably get second airport express and hook it up via aux analog input for second zone coverage . Sound quality in zone two not as critical .4 -RRB- My previous Onkyo had a remote IR sensor -LRB- HR-10 -RRB- in zone two which controlled the receiver remotely . It rocked ! The 705 has a similar remote IR jack which is n't compatible with HR-10 instead it is supported by two other vendors with complex systems and expensive systems . I figured a hack by connecting the HR-10 using two separate 1/8 inch mono jacks into IR and 12V jacks
 Onkyo TX-SR705 THX Select2 home theater receiver with HDMI switching and conversion BlackThis receiver replaced a not-so-old Pioneer unit that I was quite fond of . But 2 years is forever in the electronics world , and I wanted to get the full benefit of HDMI 1.3 for a new home theatre set-up . I 'm running a Bell Expressvu HD-PVR unit -LRB- identical to Dish Network HD-PVR -RRB- , as well as a Toshiba HD-DVD unit -LRB- yes , I bought Beta first too -RRB- . A PS3 is also attached . Some effort is required to get 1080p from the PS3 , but that seems to be a PS3 glitch yet to be fixed by firmware . The HDMI switching works flawlessly , and I 'm very happy with the Onkyo . I thought set-up was n't difficult , despite many reviews to the contrary .
 I picked up this Onkyo 705 to replace an Onkyo 601 receiver and so far so good . It is doing a great job of controlling all of my equipment . Setup was straightforward.The price on this thing has changed at least 3 times since I bought mine on Dec 31st . I paid $ 609 and now it 's over $ 690 . I guess Supply and Demand is alive and well at Amazon !
 By no means is this a high-end receiver but it is an excellent mid-range product . It 's got so many features it 's mind blowing . I wish Amazon would settle on a price -LRB- it goes up and down all the time -RRB- . My feeling on home electronics is hook it up and hope it works . Well it was easy to hook this up and it worked . It has plenty of inputs and outputs which supports the majority of the requirements of most home theaters . Check Onkyo 's wbsite for more details and better pictures .1 / 09
 For my second media room I selected step down verson of Onkyo and I am not disappointed . It can produce quality sound I say 95 % of what I get from first Onkayo receiver model # 875 I got last year for more than twice the price . I recommend it highly .
 HAVE ONLY HAD THIS UNIT FOR 30 DAYS AND IT IS VERY SATISFACTORY AND SEEMS TO BE THE BEST $ VALUE . I DO FEEL THAT ONKYO . SHOULD HAVE PROVIDED A MUCH BETTER VENTILATION FAN , AS THE UNIT GETS QUITE HOT . I PURCHASED A FAN THAT I PLACED ON THE TOP OF THE UNIT AND IT HAS SOLVED THE PROBLEM . INCOMING & OUT GOING CIRCULATION WAS NEEDED !!!!
 I bought this receiver after a long research period and found this to be the best receiver for the money . I had considered a yamaha receiver -LRB- 663or863 -RRB- but the features on the onkyo had me sold . The onkyo had more HDMI inputs and was THX certified . The sound quality is great since I paired it up with the definitive technology Procinema 600 . I recommend this receiver to anyone that wants a quality receiver for a good price .
 After a considerable amount of research and investigating several different Home Theater options such as HTIB , Bose 321 , and high end and low end component solutions , I finally stumbled across the HDMI Onkyo Home Theatre line . This was the only affordable option that included all of the functions that I was looking for -LRB- 7.1 , On Board lossless signal decoding , Multi HDMI connectivity and pass thru , power , etc. -RRB- . It 's been 10 months , and the unit has yet to disappoint . I have several components hooked up to this receiver
 Runs cool . Setup is relatively simple . Integrated easily with my Samsung DLP , Samsung DVD , and DirecTV receiver . Product met all of my expectations . I have used this product for 7 months with no problems .
 I was a little bit concerned about buying this receiver because of the burnig and heating problems . Well , I 'm using it for a month and meanwhile it 's working great . Great sound quality -LRB- I installed a package of JBL 5.1 speakers on it -RRB- . The only problem is the installation menu . Too boring ! Too poor . If you know the XMB tool from sony , you will understand what I 'm talking about . Sony is way ahead ! The configuration could be easier and user friendly.But in the botton line , it really worth !
 This home theater system is amazing . Set up is not too complicated and the sound is fantastic . Own several Onkyo products and they are of superior quality . It looks nice too.This system does just about anything you could ask it to do . Multiple options for connecting your other electronics to the receiver . The included instructions are pretty clear and straight forward . Very convienent to have three HDMI in and one out.The sound is as good as I would expect higher priced electronics to sound . The automatic speaker set up is very easy and does a pretty good job of setting the balance for the speakers . The multiple choices for Dolby , THX , etc are great so you can sellect exactly the right output . It does run kind of hot , so keep that in mind and allow enough ventilation.Would highly recommend this Onkyo Receiver or just about any Onkyo product .
 I bought this for use with my 50 inch HDTV and HD cable box/DVR . I tried HDMI for this , but was not impressed with any of the five different models I tried . The Cisco cable box just works better with the analog cable.The colors are well rendered , with little washout . The black is very good , as is the overall sharpness . The SDTV channels are also good . I do n't watch 480p unless I must ; I did n't buy my TV for standard definition.I have used the model below this one for over four years . The difference is barely noticeable , frankly . I would likely have to step up to the YIQ-5 to see a significant improvement . That model is about $ 600 so ... I think not .
 I only had the thin Canon battery coming with my Elura 2 . On average I could take about 30min video before the battery drys . This battery lasts forever ! I have n't had a chance to completely dry it up yet . The best part is that it does n't feel that big at all as I was concened about the big size .100 % recommend it !
 I just received this in the mail . I think the feature set is decent , and it was able to connect to my PC without much ado . Transfer of images is n't too hard . You can load images from memory cards or directly from your PC -LRB- or Mac , apparently -RRB- via a USB cable . And it has good control options -LRB- frequency of image changes from 5 seconds to 1 day , effects for changes , auto on/off for weekends and 3 on/off settings for weekdays -RRB- . I also like that it has different `` fill '' options for shots that are portrait when the display is oriented for landscape -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- . It will take the full-size portrait and surround it with smaller portrait images to fill in the display , thus avoiding any cropping of the main large image . This is a particularly nice feature . You can also create separate albums to segregate the images that are shown ... HOWEVER , do be warned that the display measures 8-inches diagnoally , not the advertised 9 . This is n't unusual for old TV sets , but it 's a bit unusual to have an LCD screen overstated by this much.Also , the leg on the back of the frame is a bit odd . It has two `` pre-set '' options that force the face of the frame to be too steep in my opinion . You can swivel it outside these `` preset '' ranges , but doing so too much causes the fame to tilt off-center . The user manual even recognizes this problem by stating you should only use the pre-sets . There is a mounting backet included , which is handy.The frame plugs into an outlet and charges the battery . I 'm not sure how long the battery will last , though . The cord is white , and the plug is a larger , cell-phone size rectangular cube -LRB- about 1 inch x 2 inches x 1.5 inches -RRB- . The colors in the display are good , but dark colors lose their saturation , so a dark blue looks almost black . But other colors have good tone and do n't appear too bluish , an issue with many LCD displays.I like the wood grain w / silver frame , which is magnetic and snaps onto the front . I 'm not sure if you can purchase other frames that snap on , but it seems likely . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought 3 of these at Christmas in 2006 . One for myself , and two for gifts . I bought the one for me after I received the ones to give away and I realized I had to have one . I have a Ziga that I bought a couple of years ago , and I 've seen many others . Nothing I 've seen comes close to this in terms of quality of the viewed image.The frame is attractive . I have two of the plastic framed ones with different color insets , and one of the wood frame ones . The Amazon pic of the wood frame looks like gray wood , but it 's brown like you might expect in reality . Both look great.The picture is what 's really great . Bright . Very wide viewing angle -LRB- this is where most others fall VERY short , including my Ziga -RRB- . Vibrant colors . Very good resolution . 35mm aspect ratio so DSLR images fill the full screen . The human interface is n't perfect , just that a few of the options like the on/off timer could be a bit more intuitive , but it 's not hard to use , just could be a bit better . The most confusing thing is sometimes it forgets your slideshow and you have to reselect the card of images , but really that 's a minor thing . I think this happened only when we let the battery run down when it got unplugged one day by accident.Having the built-in rechargeable battery is cool , too . My mom likes to unplug hers and sit and watch the images in her chair sometimes , and it 's nice to have the battery for that . Lasts between 1 and 2 hours on a charge , and just plug it back in and recharges . Mostly , usage model is plug it in and just leave it on all the time . I think many wo n't ever even know there is a battery in the frame.Looking at pictures on this is just great . I ca n't say enough good about the picture quality . Picture quality is 10 stars . Human interface is 4 stars . Frame attractiveness is 5 stars . Value compared to other choices is this is the best IMO .
 The Philips 9FF2 is a quality digital frame . Never mind the diagonal measurement , the screen measures roughly 43/8 '' x 65/8 '' which makes for a picture size you can actually see from across the room.Pros
 I 've purchase three of these frames , two for gifts and one for us . They work great but the human interface is confusing until you figure it out . It has internal memory but it is preloaded -LRB- partially -RRB- with Philips stuff that I did not want , so I deleleted all of it to have enough room to store photos . The quality of the pictures with the Philips frame is very nice , and we have ours running for a few hours a day , a couple of days every week . I bought another brand before I bought my first Philips frame and had to take it back because it was dead out of the box .
 I bought this frame for my 60-yr old mom . I had it shipped to me and loaded it up with 40 pictures . First , let me say the quality of the product is superior to any I had seen at the `` Big Box '' electronic stores . I investigated several different frames before deciding on this one . There are only 4 buttons on the back and they 're pretty easy to manuever . The included software was easy to use but there are a couple of glitches . Make sure when you load the photos into the album , you select them in the order you want them to appear . Once they 're entered , you ca n't change the order . Also , it does take a considerable amount of time to load and navigate through the software . But the final result is worth the effort . The screen resolution is fantastic and watching the way the photos transition from one to another is worth the price of the frame . When mom opened the box , all she had to do was press the ON button and it began the slideshow . She was thrilled and promptly put her camera memory card into the frame 's alloted slot . You can set the speed for when photos change , 5 seconds to 24 hours . It has the ability to turn off at a set time each day and resume the next morning . Overall , it 's a winner by a trusted name in electronics .
 Easy to set up . Robust look and feel shall result in increased durability . The resolution is EXCELLENT with very good `` wide angel '' viewing performance .
 I gave this to my wife for Christmas . It took way to long to understand the instructions on it 's use . However , once it was up and running , it performs very well . You can use it 's own memory , compact flash or other media storage devices . What she really likes is it can be set to turn on when she gets to work and turns off when she leaves.Other than the poor instructions , this is a good product .
 Did alot of research and Phillips came out the best and it is !!!! Sturdy , well built , beautiful picture resolution and easy to use ... Everything you could want in a Digital Frame !!!
 download jpeg pictures onto SD card , plug into machine , then turn it on . Very easy to use .
 I bought this after reviewing most of the alternatives . The reputation of Phillips products and the timer shutoff were the main reasons.It is easy to load and program and the picture quality is outstanding .
 This frame lived up to the reviews , and did seem to have a better picture quality that most other frames . Depending on how you want to use it , the battery which is not included in most other frames is very helpful.I have n't even installed the program onto my computer and do n't plan to because it was easy enough to just load the pictures onto a memory card -LRB- also , I did n't find any favorable reviews for the frame 's software -RRB- . The only reason this is n't 5 STARS is because the frame 's operating system is a little counter-intuitive and not very user friendly and you do pay a premium for the excellent picture quality .
 Although very pricey , this digital frame is of much better quality than others I have seen . The picture quality is excellent , but 8 -LRB- diagonal -RRB- inches is still rather small . I ca n't imagine getting a smaller frame , you would need a magnifying glass to see the pictures.The onscreen menus are a bit challenging even for an experienced computer user like myself . However , the software used to connect it to a PC is simple , but effective . The range of options for viewing the pictures , once set , is excellent.The major shortcoming I have is that it does n't have a USB connector for a thumb drive which would make it easier for me to transport pictures to my parents house to put them into the frame 's `` hard drive '' .
 This product delivers exactly as promised and we could not be more pleased . The pictures are wonderful . The initial downloading process was straighforward and problem-free . We actually purchased three photo frames for ourselves and our children and they love them as much as we do . The slideshow feature is wonderful as well . Everyone of our friends that have seen the photo frame are equally amazed by this product as some were not aware that such a product even existed . To be sure , they are expensive but worth the cost . We will enjoy our photo frame for years to come as we update with new pictures regularly . Thanks to the folks at Philips for getting this soooooooooooo right .
 i gave this to my parents for Christmas . They love it . The picture quality is very good and I was surprised at how quickly they were able to load pictures and change settings . It is a great way for them to display pictures of their grandkids and pictures from their travels .
 I have this item for a couple of years and it is still giving lots of viewing pleasure .
 My kids and I gave it to their mother for Mother 's Day . She had the usual complaint about digital cameras - `` I never get to see the pictures . `` She loves it . She has it on every day . Now my daughters e-mail us pictures of grandchildren and I upload them to a compact flash card and insert it into the frame.The quality is excellent . However , the price points are on the high side .
 My husband is a real tech nut and he loved this . The instructions were helpful and easy to follow . He was able to loadthe pics he wanted and even categorize them into seperate showings.There was no growling ... only smiles .
 Was a bit concerned about the quality of the display but it far exceeds anything i expected . The pictures look as clear as they do on my monitor.We spend a lots of time just looking at old pics . that used to be stored away in boxs or on my hard drive . Great product .
 I got this because I thought it had padding to protect the camera from occasional bumps . It did not have padding in it but I would recommend the case it is soft , good looking and useful . A friend of mind late got one for her camera and she is also please with it .
 Nice case , but too small for my camera even thoe it was recommended for the camera I got : -LRB-
 The case was what it looked like in the picture and it arrived quickly and was in mint condition . The only think ... I wished the case had a belt loop or an attachment lanyard or something like that , so I can keep it together with the camera even when i take the cam out of the case . Other than that , if you need a servicable and affordable case , this is it .
 Was happy to receive the camera case , it does a good job of protecting the camera and it fits well , however I have a few suggestions to improve the `` Friendly Factor '' . Make it longer to hold a couple batteries , using the exterior web pocket makes the case too bulky and uncomfortable to carry on your belt . Make a belt clip instead of the belt loop , that way a person can clip it on a pocket or belt . And last but not least , the hole for the camera strap needs to be put more to the left or right of the center of the flap . Otherwise , I 'm very happy with the case , and would buy it again , especially if the improvements were made .
 Nice case , perfect fit for the A530 . Only problem is that the little pouch on the front does not have elastic , so the spare batteries we keep in there often fall out .
 Got this soft case for $ 0.78 when I purshased the camera . Was a steal and it looks great . Plenty of room to hide extra memory card inside and 2 extra AA batteries in front .
 The camera case is fine , works well , does n't take much room , however , the shipping cost was more than the cost of buying one locally for less money .
 This the perfect case to keep the camera safe and still carry around without the bulk . My wife just grabs it and throws it in her purse .
 Great product but shipping was too high for an item that weighs next to nothing . Thanks anyway !
 Great PricePerfect Compact sizeHandstrap hole in flap not centered , but not enough to matter !
 The Canon PSC-65 case was purchased for the Canon A530 camera . The camera fits nice and snug into the case and provides good protection . Extra pouch holds -LRB- 4 -RRB- spare AA batteries or -LRB- 2 -RRB- AA batteries and a spare SD card . Case has a convient belt loop . Hole for camera strap is located in the middle of the case flap where the strap on the camera is not located there . Not an issue , but worth mentioning . All in all , a nice case for the price .
 The case fits perfect for the camera that I bought . Very nice looking .
 I purchased two of these along with two A530 cameras . They were both Christmas gifts and the recipients are ecstatic . They tell me the cases are perfect in every detail .
 If was just a little bigger , so you could get some extra batteries in it , it would be great .
 My A540 fits great and it also held two SD card and two extra batteries , and fits right on my belt/belt loop on back of the soft case and did n't fall off nor did anything fall out during my 16 Day cruise from Miamii to San Francisco throught the Panama Canal ! Perfect travel case for your camera !
 This item is functional in all applications , but the eyelet hole for the tassel does not match where the tassel holder is for the Canon A540 . That is my only gripe
 This little case works perfectly for my Canon Powershot A570 . It fits the camera along with a spare set of batteries.It also seems to protect my camera fairly well . I dropped it twice on concrete -LRB- from a few feet up -RRB- and my camera still works .
 Great case for a great camera . Pocket in front holds two AA batteris for emergency . Unreservedly recommend . mb
 Useful case , easy access and good material . The orifice to pass the strap through wears easily .
 This case fits real good . Not bulky . It is well made . A must to protect your valuable camera .
 This case fits my Canon A530 camera almost perfectly . The minor flaw is that the hole in the case for the camera strap is in the middle , but the strap on the camera is not in the middle -LRB- it 's about 1/2 '' offset from the hole -RRB- . Other than that , my camera lives in this case when not in use and it does n't have a mark on it . I can still carry the camera by the strap while in the case . After a year , the case still looks like new - pretty durable.Highly recommend . Great case and a good price .
 This is a good overall case for daily use , but it is not large enough to store multiple accessories . It has a small pocket for an extra SD card in the back and the front can snuggly fit an extra set of AA batteries . Stitching and fabric look and feel high quality and durable .
 Like another reviewer wrote the case flap is shorterthan the picture by about 3/4 of an inch.A 1/4 inch of the camera is exposed by the sideof the case . Enough room for 2 batteries and SD card .
 There is n't much one can say about a camera case - it 's an inexpensive grey custom-fitted vinyl/fabric case that will protect your PowerShot nicely , plus it says ` Canon ' on the outside , which will impress your friends .
