 Personally the CD type MP3 players are my favorite because theyare much cheaper and hopefully , some time soon , every CD player willhave the ability to play MP3s.D-Link has made a good MP3 player forthe cost . Just remember that you get what you pay for . If you payover -LSB- more $ -RSB- for an MP3 player than you are going to get a featurerich , large capacity type MP3 player . But for -LSB- less $ -RSB- you ca n't getmuch.Except when it comes to this D-Link branded CD type MP3player ... This MP3 player has a T.Digit function , which I have onlyheard of on this product , that works great . What it does is it letsyou enter the track number of say 103 instead of having to press skipa hundred times . Very Nice!And of course it has all of the standardfeatures like play , stop , skip , random , etc. . I use this mostly in mycar , but when I take a plane trip or something I like to bring italong and only have to bring a couple of CDs instead of my whole CDcollection.Recommended for the value and convenience factor .
 I was originally surprised that I could find a Portable CD player that was able to play MP3s . This worked out perfect for me because I have about 6-7 Gigabytes worth of MP3s on my computer . I had more but I backed up the albums I do n't listen too much anymore onto CD-Rs . I can now listen to those CDs and what ever else I want to make and free up some space on my hard drive . I was considering buying another hard drive but I figured I could buy this MP3 player and either play my backed up MP3s in my CD-ROM or this potable player.The features on this are adequate considering the price , but I do n't believe I need any more than what it comes with anyway . I have been using the DMP-CD100 from D-Link for a month now and I get some skips but not as much as everyone says in other reviews , I do n't know if they are running while trying to listen to it or what , but it works great for me .
 I have a CD Burner and I have been backing up my MP3s on CD for a while , as not to take up to much Hard Drive Space , and now I found a product that is in my price range and will play my MP3s on the go . I bought this from D-Link and then purchased a genaric tape player adapter and cigarette lighter power adapter . Now I can play all of my MP3s in my car . My CD collection has gone from 50 + to about 10 or 12 MP3 CDs . This product is perfect for people in my situation , I thought about just buying a MP3 enabled stereo for my car but I do n't believe I will have my car for much longer and I did n't want to fork over so much money.I am just glad that someone can make a reliable MP3 CD player with standard features -LRB- random , repeat , etc. -RRB- for under a 100 bucks .
 I am by no means a computer guru , but my son knows more than he should about computers . I do n't know how to make MP3 CDs or much on how they work , but one thing I do know is that this D-Link player can play them and when I am at work I can listen to 4 or 5 albums on one CD . That to me is what is all comes down to.Full Albums of different artists on one CD . Why has n't this become more popular ? Why do n't the record companies make CDs in MP3 format?I love this little device and even though I have to ask my son to make me a CD with MP3s on it , I still ca n't believe this is available and everyone is n't taking advantage of it . Go out and buy one of these today , you wont have to lug around your CD collection and as long as you or someone you know knows how to make the CDs it will be well worth it .
 The product is equipped with all that a customer looking for a portable MP3 CD player wants . Though not manufacured by famous brand producers , it provides good performance . And most of all ... an exremely charming price !!!
 I was originally looking for just a standard CD player . I noticed this gem which plays MP3 's and decided to try it out . It works quite well . I burned a disc with 124 MP3 's scattered into various folders , popped it in , and was listening to music several seconds later . I researched the product before i bought it and had read several reviews saying that the product `` skipped frequently '' and had `` a poor laser which would n't read cheap discs '' . To test this , I bought the cheapest discs I could find and burned my MP3 's onto them . No problem . In addition , skipping is minimal in MP3 play , though standard CD play benefits from the ESP -LRB- shock protection -RRB- the player provides . Several reviewers complained about a delay while MP3 discs were being read into memory , but this was actually quite fast . If you want a portable MP3 player which will handle your audio CD 's , pick this up . The ability to play carry around 10 hours of music in a small package will not disappoint you . My two complaints ; the unit includes an internal NiCAD battery charger , but it only ships with Alkaline batteries . Also , the earbud headphones it ships with are subpar ; I use a pair of Sony headphones with it .
 I do n't exactly `` need '' a portable MP3 Player . But it sure is nice . I ca n't get enough of the fact that I can put over 100 songs on one CD . Why is n't this technology in every CD player now made ? It works just fine for me wheather i am at work , school , or on the way home in the car . If you purchase the External AC adapters , -LRB- Radio Shack -RRB- you will find your whole set-up very usefull.I would buy this again because it is so inexpensive , and works like it says , and there could n't be a better option for someone like me .
 I got this player about a year ago when it first came out -LRB- at about $ 150 -RRB- and it still works perfectly . The sound quality is great -LRB- even for mp3 -RRB- and mine seems to go for several hours straight on a regular set of Duracells . Its only real downfall is that the anti-shock is n't very good , and if you 're listening to mp3 tracks , the track will not recover if the player is bumped . You actually have to stop it all together and hit play all over again . At today 's price , though , I think it 's definitely worth it .
 With this CD/MP3 player I can sneak it into class and instead of only listening to one CD over and over again I can put MP3s on the the CD and it easily holds about 6 hours on it . I never have to stay in one class that long , thankfully , but it comes in handy because I do n't run the risk of getting caught every time I have to change the CD . And with the little headphones provided , you know the ones that fit just in your ear with out going over your head , I can make it look like I am not even listening to music.The batteries last as long as any other portable CD player , and if you have rechargeable batteries and a charger you can come home everyday and recharge them , for even more music tomorrow.The product itself is inexpensive enough for a college student like myself , yet does n't lack the features needed to handle everyday life . With the 10 second ESP I rarely get any skips while I am walking around campus , and the T.Digit button is a gift from god . I did n't realize how useful it actually was until I had to use my friends CD/MP3 player for a week that did n't have it because I left mine at my boyfriend 's house .
 I paid about $ 89 for the Genica Taurus MP3 CD player . Let me tell you how big a mistake that was , it was defective , so I returned it and it took them 3 weeks to send me a new one , guess what that was more defective then the 1st . Now for the DLINK . Its da bomb folks . It has bass boost , it charges your batteries with the AC adapter , it lets you enter what MP3 number you want , doesnt skip a whole lot , doesnt drain batteries quickly , its the greatest I have tried . Also its the cheapest at $ 39 after rebates and amazon coupons.Buy DLINK stay away from GENICA
 I do n't know of any other portable CD player that has MP3 capabilities , so you ca n't beat the price . Especially for what you get.With innovative features like the T.Digit button , which enables you to quickly skip to the song you want with out having to press the skip button literally 100 times , this player is inexpensive and convenient.I ca n't get enough of the whole MP3 revolution , but I do n't exactly have the funds to play with all of the coolest toys out there . At first I just wanted to see just how much more efficient MP3 format is because you can fit around 100 + songs on one CD , and most CDs only have 12-15 . I would say that it is now truly a Compact Disc.I can now listen to the majority of my CD collection at work with out having to bring 30 + CDs to work and risk leaving them there , getting scratched up , and not to mention the convenience of not having to change the CD every 13 or so songs.All I have to do is plug it into the wall at work with the AC adapter put on my headphones and I get great sound , portability , and I do n't get bothered too much when I have my headphones on .
 We bought this projector in lieu of a big screen TV . It was an excellent investment ! We were able to set up a VCR or DVD in one room , with the projector , and have a movie night as a family . On other nights we would send the kids in the `` movie room '' to watch a kid 's film . We were then able to watch a `` grown-up '' film in the living room without worry about the children . The quality of the picture is very good and the bulb lasted a long time . The only drawback is the bulb is difficult to find to replace - but well worth the effort .
 Good older model . Not as good as the newer expensive projectors but for the money they are good enough to play a movie on . Has s-video as well as normal composite video and audio inputs . Can use the projector 's built in sound or what I do is plug just the video in and use my surround sound receiver . Bulbs for this are very cheap , around $ 5 at home depot or bulbs.com . Very light and portable and has a tripod mount instead of an expensive ceiling mount . Great feature is the 90 degree turnability of the lens , which also you to watch movies or play games on the ceiling while laying in bed . Also can take lenses that screw on . Lenses are the same size as many camcorders and cameras take . I put a sony wide angle lens on and it makes the picture even bigger so you can have the projector mounted even closer to the wall or screen and have a bigger brighter picture . I give it a 4 star because like I said before not as great as the new projectors but it also does n't cost $ 1200-1500 .
 Looks and works great . I was looking for the longest reach mount and this was it . The construction seems heavy for our 22 '' -LRB- ? -RRB- TV that 's mounted on it .
 Love the fact that this is so easy to use when installing a car stereo . No messy cutting and soldering wires together . . just plug and play . .
 excellent price and replacement . would do business again with vendor . product worked fine.very inexpensive way to salvage old laptop . one-fourth the price of radioshack !
 This is just like the original that came with the door and works very well . Nice to find these online as local stores do not carry these .
 Easy to program . Operates reliably . It is obvious from reviews for this and other door opener remote controls that customers often order the wrong unit . Make sure that the one you are ordering is compatible with the frequency of your door opener .
 When I had my garage doors installed I received 2 Liftmaster 371LM remote openers for each door for a total of 4 openers . However , these openers open only one door but I had 2 doors installed . I recently researched Liftmaster remote openers and discovered the 372LM is just like the 371LM except it has 2 buttons in the same space as the 1 button on the 371LM and will open both my garage doors from one remote control . I received them quickly , programmed them and they work perfectly . They even came with batteries already installed .
 Easy to use/program . I programmed one using a master remote for a main gate and the other for my garage .
 Garage remote works fine except that I could n't find a way to use second button to turn on/off of light .
 Two cars two garage doors . It took less than ten minutes to program both two button changers . Liftmaster 372LM 315Mhz Remote Control
 The DP558 is a cool device in a networked home1 - KISS is one of the few Recorder/player that can be networked on your home computer network . This was an essential property that I was looking for .2 - The 80Gb hard disk drive is adequate in size for most users . Recording is done directly to disk . The DVD is only a player hence the need to move files to the PC to be written on CDs or DVDs . 40hours of recording at standard resolution .3 - Scheduling recording from the web is a cool feature and allows the user to program the DP558 when away from home . Note that in this case the DP 558 has to be connected continuously to the internet .4 - I have used a wireless game adapter -LRB- Linksys WGA54AG -RRB- in order to connect the DP 558 to my home WIFI network in order to avoid running wires . Works perfectly .5 - Cool online features other than the EPG : a - Access to weather around the worldb - Access to stock market chartsc - Some raw online gamesd - Online radio streaming6 - Of course moving files from PC environment to the DP 558 and vice versa is very simple.I do recommend this product especially if you want networked capabilities .
 I just needed this plug from my mixer to the amp . Does n't feel too sturdy but it does the job I just hope it lasts
 I recently added speakers to my patio and quickly realized that always going inside the house to make volume adjustments was n't going to cut it . Fortunately when my house was built 9 years back , the wiring guy had the foresight to add a box on the patio wall with a breakout for the speaker wires . This L-pad fit nicely inside and mounted to the standard single gang wall box and works great . I mounted to a standard size stainless steel cover plate -LRB- from Home Depot -RRB- .
 I have always had problems with binoculars , and I always figured it was because I had a vision problem in one eye and that must have affected my viewing through the tubes.WRONG!I had just been too cheap to but good binoculars . I bought these for my wife , and I could not believe that I could actually use them as well . These are great for all purposes . We both love them , I need to get another pair !!
 Over the years , I 've owned dozens of binoculars , pricewise these are in the middle , but for performance they are much closer to the top . I do n't recall exactly what I paid , I think a little over $ 200 I have owned and still do own several different 10x42 roof prism models including Nikon Monarch , Sightron , Pentax , Swift , Bushnell Legands , and others , none that grab more often than these . I just like them .
 My wife got me a set of compact Alpen binoculars for Christmas . They are great for what they are , small , easy to pack binoculars . When I read a very positive review for full size Alpens in a major outdoor magazine , I decided to shop for full size Alpens . These are an excellent value for the money , very comfortable , great light gathering and just plain FUN . I 'm not a pro but , for the money these seem to compare favorably with some of the much more `` famous '' import brands with the big price tags .
 I bought this product for my Samsung SGH-D807 phone to store music files and pictures . It was reasonably inexpensive and I have been more than satisfied . My phone accidently got dropped in a pool of water and the phone fried , but the micro SD card stood strong . A new phone later , and the sd card is going strong .
 This worked better than the name brand one I purchased . I also bought a SanDisk 512MB one for my phone but for some reason the SanDisk one causes problems when I insert it into my Flash Memory Drive on my computer . I have Windows Vista so that may be the problem . All in all , this Transcend one worked perfectly for what I need it to .
 The Carson Adventure Pak is a great birding kit for youth . The binocular is 5x30 , which is good for birding and good for children . The lower magnification means less `` handshake '' , and a more stable image . Also , this binocular is a smaller size which is good for younger hands . Most of the items in this adventure kit seem durable and well made . The cord for the binocular is thin , but seems sturdy . The only problem I have discovered so far , is that the thermometer on the whistle does not work . I bought two kits at the same time -LRB- one for each of my children -RRB- and both of their thermometers read 80 degrees at all times , even inside our home . I am not going to return these kits over a defective thermometer . My main reason for this purchase was to provide my children with a decent pair of binoculars , all the other stuff was just a bonus.Contents
 I gave this five stars instead of four because they are toys ; everything in my grandson 's set works and reasonably well . I would not want to stake my like on them but if I was in a situation they were all I had I would trust them . The compass works and is true , the binoculars are about as hight a power as a young child can hold steady , the flashlight works but I think is the least durable of the items in the set , the whistle is loud enough to be a life saver and the thermometer works and is fairly accurate . Most important my four year old grandson loves them .
 for my grandson who lives in another state . He like it very much as he is into a camping phase right now .
 This was a Christmas gift for an adventuresome granddaughter . She loved all the components . The items seem to be well made and all worked well .
 This Adventure Pak was a great purchase for our 4 year old son . The binoculars feel extremely durable ; in fact better than some higher dollar pairs I have purchased for myself previously . The compass is accurate , and has many features considering it 's in a inexpensive set like this . The whistle has temperature gauges on the sides , which allow the temperature to fluctuate as your kid blows a ton of hot air through them . Only real complaint is the flashlight . It 's super cheap and flimsy . With the reduced cost of LED flashlights now , it would have been the icing on the cake to provide a cheap LED light . Outside of that ; the pack is perfect . Would recommend this for anyone considering a set of this nature even for kids up to 8-10 years old .
 Gift for my 8 y/o nephew . Gift was age appropriate & he loved all the items , especially the compass ! Received in excellent condition before expected date . Good value
 I purchased this outdoor adventure set for my grandson who is six . He was absolutely thrilled with it . I think the compass was his favorite thing .
 My four year old daughter LOVES this kit ! The binnoculars are perfect for small hands and very easy to adjust for young eyes to see far away . Compass and flashlight are a little cheap , but for the price they meet my approval . Definitely more for play and exploring than accuracy . Wish the carry case had a strap instead of belt loop , but otherwise super happy with this purchase .
 This item arrived packaged securely , in great shape and is a perfect starter set . The binoculars require no adjusting and are clear . The compass works adequately and is a great beginner compass to learn how to properly use one . Instructions are packaged with the kit to teach proper use . The whistle is a cute addition to alert others and the thermometer works with Farenheit on one side and Celcius on the other . The flashlight , although small , is a perfect size for little hands and provides adequate light . I think that this is an awesome beginner set and it comes with a package to keep it all neatly tucked inside with a loop to attach to a back pack or belt . After seeing the set , I wished that I had ordered an extra set or two and recommend it if you will have other siblings or friends over to explore with your child .
 My nephew loved this for Christmas . Could n't wait to get outside and play with it . Great product for the price . I will be purchasing this again for my son .
 This was gotten as a Christmas gift and suggested by the parents . As soon as the gift was opened the grandchildren wanted to play with the toy .
 I was really skeptical when I first bought the refill system for my HP 56 cartridge , until I tried it out . I followed all the instructions carefully and presto ! My cartridge was filled and was working perfectly.I used to buy new cartridges , then I switched to remanufactured cartridges at those office supply stores , then I would use the remanufactured ones and send it down to my local pharmacy store that offered refill services for $ 10 . Finally , I got so fed-up with buying cartridges and the pharmacy place kept telling me the cartridge failed to work , I got the easy to use refill system.One big tip
 I actually used this on HP 92 cartridges which it does n't say it can do . It seems to have worked great . You get more refills with the 92 than it says . I think it 's a smaller cartridge .
 It 's not listed on the description , but this also works for hp 74 -LRB- xl -RRB- cartridges.The reviews which say how easy this is to use are pretty on target . i just want to describe how to use it for those debating to buy this , I did n't see this info when i was thinking of purchasing.the top half contains the black ink - 84ml of black ink . a long needle is attached to the top . You place a plastic guide on top of your cartridge . and then you hook your cartridge on the gray holder.You flip the ink container upside down and place the gray piece -LRB- with your cartridge attached -RRB- inside . the needle will go thru the exposed hole and pierce the foam inside . Then you flip the container and wait for the ink to fill your cartridge . The directions say to watch for when the air bubbles stop . and the ink tank is marked so you can watch for level change.If your cartridge 's foam is dried out -LRB- taking the cartridge out of the printer too long , or waiting too long to refill -RRB- the ink wo n't penetrate . But next time you 'll know better to make sure you refill as soon as you notice the ink getting low on your cartridge . this will help extend the life of your cartridge . usually you can get 4-5 cycles on your cartridges . My cartridge was too dried out -LRB- dead -RRB- but this refill system will work great on my next cartridge.the 3rd party seller - Shoplet was great , Amazon-level reliability . they send emails when they 're shipping . I received mine the next day !
 After years of trying a variety of refill systems , after years of ending up with more ink on me than in the cartridges , after years of difficult and unsatisfying experiences , I finally just gave up . I threw away all my bottles of ink and vowed never to try that again.And that was that ... except my ink expenditures were topping several hundred dollars each month . Forget the cost of the printer , the supplies were eating my lunch . So I decided to give this refill system a last try.A good decision!Refilling my black cartridge took all of ten minutes , and I 'd never done it before . I got a tiny smudge of ink on my fingers , but the rest was spotless . No ink on my shirt or my hands or my sink or my cartridge . No puddles on my desk.But the real issue is how the refilled cartridge works in the printer . I 'm delighted to say that it works just fine . And , depending on how many times each cartridge will accept a refill and continue to work , I anticipate saving 66 % on ink at a minimum.Happy , happy , happy . Five stars .
 Great item . Easy to use , I did n't get any ink on my fingers or anywhere else . It really is simple to use . I 've used other refill systems , usually just with a needle attached to a squeeze bottle , but this automatic refill system is so much cleaner and simpler . Once your ink cartridge is full the refiller automatically stop putting ink into it . The instructions do n't say to , but when finished I put a small piece of tape over the fill hole . Give it a try .
 I have used hypodermic type refill systems , squeeze bulb systems , and have found this to be the easiest , cleanest , and quickest way to refill my cartridges ... ever . It works as advertised ... I am on my third set of relills for both black and color cartridges for my HP Officejet .
 -LRB- just a note , this was my sister 's review because she wanted to write it -LRB-
 works great for my HP21 cartridge . no need to drill holes . no need to tape or glue after filling . just carefully peel back the label on the top of the cartridge to find open fill hole . fill , then fold back top label to seal . works great.only wish they included a trick for getting the HP software to reset the ink level -LRB- it still thinks it 's empty -RRB- . not a big deal , just refill when the print quality starts to change ... the gauge is n't accurate anyway
 I got this a year and 6 months ago , and I finally ran out of ink . The unit works great ! Its easy to use , so easy I can get my kids and wife to refill the cartridges ! -LRB- The kids figured it out with no problem , my technology impaired wife took a bit more coaching ! -RRB- Since its dry , I thought it would be better to refill it rather than throw it away . There 's nothing wrong with it other than its out of ink . And I hate throwing stuff away , particularly big hunks of plastic that last for millions of years.Bulk ink is easy to get -LRB- Check Ebay -RRB- But there 's no place to refill this thing . So I drilled a small 1/16 inch diameter hole in the top of the unit , Injected a bunch of ink into it using the syringe the bulk ink came with and then sealed the hole with some tape . Works great !
 These little refill systems are no fuss , no mess , and have saved me several hundred dollars that I would have otherwise spent on HP cartridges . My current cartridge is an HP factory cartridge ... I 've refilled it at least ten times and it still works perfectly.The ink in these refill systems produce good quality prints and last a very long time . The last one I bought lasted me over a year ... several thousands of pages.Highly recommended !
 Economical and easy to use . The print quality is excellent and there is no mess . I have extended cartridge life four to five times at a fraction of the new cost .
 I ordered this on Amazon because it sounded like a much better alternative to the `` other '' refill kits that are sosloppy and never seemed to work right for me.If I was lucky enough to properly fill one , it leaked and messed up my printers.Well , this Automatic Refill system is by far the best yet!I was a little worried when I read the directions thinking the ink would spurt all over if I did n't do it right , but it was soooo simple and worked like a charm!I like that it fills rather quickly too . When I saw a few bubbles as it `` sucked '' the ink into the cartridge , I knew I had it inserted correctly.I put paper towels under and around the unit in case of ink leakage but there was none at all!My fingers and desk did not have any ink stains on them like the `` old way '' . The refilled cartridge worked perfectly with good quality printing and no mess!This will fill your cartridge 5 times so the savings is fantastic.The instructions say to make sure you fill your ink cartridge soon after it becomes empty , although mine was empty about a week before I filled it and it still worked out well.You ca n't go wrong with this easy system and I highly recommend it .
 This product lived up to my expectations . I read the directions carefully and it worked great . At first I thought the cartridge had not filled up because the ink level did not seem to go down in the refill . A pleasant surprise ! Not only did it fill , but there is lots left for more , and it prints beautifully . Finally , I am free from the tyranny of expensive ink !
 Easy to use . Learning curve is no problem , take your time the first time , no problem . The next refills will be brain-dead . Re-fills for under 4 bucks . Also , I `` heard online '' that you can buy bulk ink -LRB- ebay carries -RRB- and refill your refill system , so you can even get your next refills less expensively . At some point you do have to buy an OEM cartridge as they are not infinitely refillable .
 Worked perfectly from the start . Simple . Clean . No hassle . Pay close attention to instructions regarding using pump to stimulate ink flow , and avoid refilling a cartridge which has been empty for some time -LRB- it has dried up and may not refill properly -RRB- . Also , as another reviewer mentioned , the calibration marks on the ink tank serve as an excellent guide to monitor how much ink has gone into the cartridge.Construction quality is very precise ... much better than I would have expected for a product of this nature . This product will save HUGE dollars over feeding HP their profit gouging prices for OEM . Hooray !
 I love this product . It is so much easier to use and less messy than other ink refills I have tried .
 Had n't ever used a product like this , and it was pretty easy . It was n't completely clean like the pkg advertises , but it does warn to fill over hard countertop ... Only a small drip - all in all a good product , and the ink looks just the same as the original cartridges . I 'd recommend it .
 I refused to try this for years , what with the printer companies saying that refillers do n't work and my not being good at fussing with instructions . I was wrong . Now I wish I 'd been using them all that time.I waited until just before the original printer cartridge read `` low '' to do this . It took about 10 minutes to figure out the instructions this first time and then another 5 minutes to do it -- once back in the printer the print quality so far is excellent . And since I hate adding things to the waste stream , I can now feel somewhat better about that while saving money.If you have n't done this before , you may have to puzzle a little bit -- but do n't be alarmed , it 's pretty logical in the end.Most of the instructions are well laid out and crystal clear -- but there are a couple of things that should be explained better . First -- note that there 's a guide which fits on top of the cartridge to help you match it up to where you 'll `` drill '' a hole to insert the needle ink pump on the ink tank . That guide looks like it could slide to either end of the cartridge . When you put it on , first look for the single hole somewhere near the center of the `` guide . '' Then turn the cartridge and the ink tank upside down -- hover the cartridge over the ink tank and you 'll see exactly where the needle would match the hole in the guide . Push the guide to that end and fit it over the end `` post '' of the cartridge.Secondly , at first I could not get the cartridge to fill or ink to flow -- even though everything was exactly in place as per instructions . For those who gave this a one star review for that reason -- note that I realized that the pump has to hit a `` sweet spot '' in the foam to start the process . So follow the instructions , but if you do n't see bubbles at the top of the ink tank or do n't see the ink level going down on the level indicator -- gently press the cartridge down a little bit further than instructed -LRB- and I do mean a gently and little bit -RRB- and then flip everything over and see if everything starts moving . When I got this right -- it took all of 3 or 4 minutes for the cartridge to fill , the bubbles to stop and the level indicator to show it had used the amount for one `` refill . `` Last , while it 's not stated , it would probably be a good idea to wipe the needle gently after this is all done and before you put the needle cap back on , so that no ink gets clogged.All of this is just for the first time user -- like I was this time . Now that I have it down , next time should take all of five minutes for the refill.I wish the manufacturer would clarify the instructions , but these minor problems were n't enough to take away a five star rating . Congrats to the manufacturer for designing a great product . If I 'd been doing this for all the years I 'd owned this printer I would have saved enough to buy another printer and done the more responsible thing for the environment . How can you beat that?I 'll update this if I run into problems , but so far it works very well and I 'm thrilled .
 The shipping was faster than I expected . GEAT shipper . At first I thought that this would be complicated and wo n't live up to expectation from the reviews that I read . Well it was easy once I read the instructions . There was no mess and I di n't get a drop of ink on the sink or on my hand . I highly recommend this ink refill kit . Just follow the instructions . I 'll be returning to purchase more.ChuckW213
 This one works . I 've tried some of the other products and had a mess . This was clean , did what it promised and the ink quality is as good as the name brand . By the second refill you 've saved more than the cost.The 3-color is trickier but just stay calm and exactly follow the directions .
 Just like the other reviews said . I am amazed by this no mess , easy to use product . The instruction is dummy proof and I only got one drop of ink on my finger -LRB- O , compare with the other refilling products , this is GOOD -RRB-
 I do allot of refilling and this thing is great . You do n't spill any ink , it distributes it evenly in the cartridge , and it 's easy to use . The ink is great too , blacks are black and the color system looks good too . Remember , do n't let the cartridge run bone and let it sit empty for weeks on end.Also of interest is the rubber stopper in the bottom of the tank . I have other kits that just came with needles and tried refilling this thing . At first i tried putting it back through the needle and it was kinda slow . But you can put a needle through the clear stopper and it works perrrrrrfectly to refill the refill.Buy this for every brand you own -LRB- also works on other cartridges not listed on the packaging -RRB-
 I recomend buying the injector and ink . It would be a little bit cheaper . and also easier to use than bottles of ink with pointy caps .
 I have been using this product for 3 years now . It works about 80 % of the time , but those times it does n't is the cartridges fault , usually clogging up or some other kind of problem that has prevented me from reusing it . Even then , the value in this is much , much cheaper than buying new or even refurbished ink cartridges.The ink is great quality stuff . It does n't look watered down like with most replacement inks.Also , my package states that it refills the following : HP 21HP 27HP 56HP 94HP 96I have been using this with my HP 21 's . The important part to using this is to refill it once signs of running out begin showing . This way you prevent the inkhead from drying out .
 This system is very easy to use and is mess-free if you follow the simple instructions . I got at least four refills from one kit -LRB- less than $ 5 per refill including shipping -RRB- . Ca n't tell difference in ink from HP original . This system really works .
 this is a great product , is makes refiling simple and easy.I tell every one about this great product . Robert
 I really enjoy this product . It works very well . The only problem is that my printer wo n't pick up the fact that the cartridges have been refilled . Other then that it works great .
 I have used this product in the past and works fine . A little effort to fill , but not too difficult and better than buying new or having someone else fill .
 This refill system works terrific for me , as I use quite a bit in my business . Big savings is always a plus
 This is simple to use if your cartriges fit it and very economical for ink replacement . This WILL NOT work with HP 901 .
 This item was a bargain and saves money , especially if you have a lot of printing jobs . Simple and neat ; no mess .
 When I ordered this refill system , I took a chance because my HP printer and cartridge # 61 was not listed as one of the compatibles . I made it compatible quite easily by drilling a hole in the cartridge where the plastic guide indicated . Within a few minutes , my near-empty cartridge filled like magic . The tri-color system was something else . I had to drain and swap the yellow and magenta tanks , clean them with an ink solvent and water , replace the ink in the swapped tank , then re-seal the filler buttons . The refilled cartridge worked like a charm . In both systems , when the refill tanks are empty , re-fill with the appropriate color and apply it your ink cartridge just as before . With all the writing I do , these kits make ink purchases very economical . Don Clifford , author Ben Solomon in Destiny Diverted .
 Love this product . This is the 3rd system I have ordered and will continue using it . One of the criteria I will use in purchasing a new printer - is there a Automatic Refill System for it . Very easy to use . Wish there were refills for my other 2 models of black ink cartridges . Recommend this product often .
 Great ! Easy to use , for my cartridges it lasted more than the 5 refills . The only thing is to be careful not to squeeze the bottom part when pulling the ink cartridge off , it can dribble ink . Overall great product .
 the order was on time and was just what it was supposed to be thanks for another pleasant online shopping experience
 This is what I needed . I use to carry the GPS in many ways not fixed at my car and was very exposed to shocks and dust.With the cover I 'm sure that the screen will be high protected .
 The GPS cover is exactly what you would expect . I would have prefered a little tighter fit but it seems to do nicely .
 el producto llena mis expectativas , llego a tiempo , recomiendo al vendedor , producto de buena calidad . no tengo quejas al respecto .
 The fit is n't great , but it covers it , it 's cheap and easy to install . It does protect the delicate screen very well , though the cover can come off if tossed into a bag loose , a rubber band cures that when needed .
 After purchasing this cover , I can only wish I bought it sooner . Fits perfect and looks awesome . Great product for a great price to protect a very expensive gps unit .
 For the price I paid for the Garmin 276C , they should have included this cover . Now , the screen is no longer covered with fingerprints . A good investment .
 This cover is an excellent and required accesory for the Garmin 276C Marine GPS . It keeps it protected from excessive moisture , dust and the sun when not in use . Furthermore , it protects the screen and keypad while traveling to and from the boat in a drybag or backpack .
 I bought this to replace a cover that was lost . Like most Garmin products it was a bit pricy , but seems to be an original product and works fine .
 Excelent product . I connected to my computer easily , could play LP 's , 45 's and 78 's , has speaker ; earphone connection , does not need pre-amplifier and once you get the music in your computer with a program like Audacity or DAK Editor you can copy , edit and put into Wave or MP3 . Highly recommended for the price , if you 're a high tech person this might not be that great but for must of us it works perfectly
 this product is great , came quickly , I should have gotten this a long time ago , you need to buy 6 D batteries to take it with you when you shop for vinyl records , it also comes with a power plug so you can use it without batteries near an electrical outlet , it comes with a needle , i was like thank god ! I do n't have to buy a cartridge/needle everything you need comes in the box -LRB- except for the 6 D batteries you have to buy that seperately -RRB- has a good sound for such a small speaker , you can change pitch , tone , volume , and you can plug in your headphones if you wan na listen to it privately . DEFINITELY recommended , especially since its cheaper than most regular NON-portable turntables !
 Santa got this for my son this year . He has really enjoyed the old albums that my husband & I used to listen to . Great buy for the money . I searched high and lo for the best price and the best ratings over the internet and this one was the most cost effective unit . The only gripe I had was that I did n't realize that the USB cables were not included in the package . I tried to find Audio Interface at local stores and was unsuccessful . I then turned back to Amazon and purchased them . Now his friends and parents want one also . We are now able to listen to our favorite albums again !
 The Numark PT01 Portable DJ Turntable perfectly suits my needs . I wanted a turntable that was easy to use , can be plugged into my Mac , is small enough to tote around , and could be used for listening to records while alone at home or playing some tunes for a small get together . The sound quality is good , and at under $ 80 USD this little record player is a real deal.Obviously this is not the turntable for an audiophile , but if you need an inexpensive , portable , easy to use turntable that can be connected to a stereo or computer this is your best bet .
 The Numark PT01 portable turntable works really good . Has it own internal speakers and will operate on AC or battery power . It even sounds pretty good with its little tiny speaker . It does exactly as described in the description and that is always a good result .
 The Numark PT01 hits the spot for my needs . I have several hundred vinyl records , including some of all three speeds -LRB- 78 , 33 & 45 RPM -RRB- that I need to put on CD so I can listen to them . Most turntables will only play 33s & 45s . The Numark PT01 plays all three speeds . The 45 RPM insert stores neatly in the case . It also has sufficient output to feed into my iBook through an iMic using a RCA to 1/8 '' stereo splitter . I have been able to rip the records and create the digital music files which I am able to burn to a CD.The output is crisp and without any unnecessary EQ . The speed seems to be accurate to get a quality recording even with strings and piano.I do wish it had a lever action to lift and set the tone arm on the record without any noise or undo bumps.Lastly , cudos to Amazon for a significant price break and speedy shipping .
 I 'm so excited for this one . I played records and adjusted the pitch . This is the turntable I wanted . I have another one that plays too fast , but this one has the pitch control so you can listen to the music like it is on a CD . It 's so portable you can hook this up to the computer to transfer vinyl to CDs or MP3s . I 'm 100 % pleased . If you 're looking for a turntable that has all the features but without blowing your money on buying a big one , this is it . Highly recommended !
 This turntable does exactly what I wanted it do . It has amazing sound clarity and allows me to play all of my record albums . Allow use of earphones . Hooks to computer easily . Very satified .
 I read the other reviews before I ordered and received just what I expected for the price - a nice turntable with a decent sound . I was very happy to have a small turntable capable of playing all my old records .
 This thing is really cool and reasonably priced . If you are looking to use this as your primary record player you will want to get some external speakers . The speaker built in gets loud enough to listen to your records alone but with a few people around it would be drowned out . The sound output is great , it sounds very crisp and clear . Really the only problem I have with it is that the felt base for the records is a little bit low so if your record is the slightest bit warped it will hit the edges of the player and cause it to slow down and sound all funky . This is an easy fix though just get an extra piece of felt or a 7 inch you arent too fond of and put it under your record to raise it up a bit . Not a big deal but you think numark could have compensated for this on their own .
 I really enjoy this product . It 's very convenient and has really solved my dilemma for finding a solid record player . Sounds great , has many different outputs , and I 've played some records on it so far and it works well . Be warned , though . Numark has TERRIBLE customer service . The day after I received my turntable , I was picking it up and the cover broke off , breaking the plastic latch . I was bummed , so I ordered another lid assuming the latch would come attached -LRB- it 's not a part that can be put together yourself , I found out after talking to an engineer and it comes attached when you buy the PT-01 -RRB- -RRB- . Today , in the mail I received my lid without the attached latch . After being passed around though approx . different people at Numark , I found out they do not accept returns -LRB- !? -RRB- and do not do repairs -LRB- !? -RRB- . They gave me a number for a authorized service repair center in New Jersey , but when I called the repair center , they had never heard of the PT-01 ! I guess I 'm on my own . This is a nice turntable , but be very careful with it !
 I recently purchased the Numark PT01 Portable DJ Turntable as well as the Vestax Handy Trax Portable Turntable.The first thing you notice about the Numark is that it looks and feels tougher , stronger . Both are lightweight plastic that I would n't want to bang around too much.The Numark 's built in speaker is much better than the Vestax . Both sound good when using headphones . I have not yet hooked either unit to a computer or sound system.the thing that I dislike about both of them , is having to place and lift the tonearm on the records . Also you must move the arm towards the record to get the platter to spin.they 're more like good `` record players '' than high qualityturntables.Remember your talking about a whole unit that cost lessthan what some people spend on record cleaning fluids.If your very picky and trying recreate the old days you ` dbe better of with a more expensive direct drive turntablewith a nice cartridge.I would recommend these for the casual user not the serious audiophile.btw
 I bought this because I 've always wanted a functional turntable . A few years ago I had several thrift store/garage sale turntables that always had one key element not working . I recently started looking online for a decent , no-frills turntable when I found this one.This is 100 % ready to go . You do n't need a receiver , amplifier , speakers or anything . This unit plays records - nothing more , nothing less . It has line out , so you can plug it into speakers if you want . It also has two headphone inputs , one 1/4 '' and one 1/8 '' which is very convenient . The pitch feature is n't as useful as it may be on a more expensive unit with a strobe to verify a change in speed , but it 's a nice feature just in case you own a record where the pitch might be off I guess . I also like that it plays at 33 1/3 , 45 , and 78 rpms . The single speaker on the face is nice too , it 's not something that 's gon na blow you away , but in the event that you do throw 6 D batteries into this thing to take it out and listen to it away from a wall outlet , it 's nice to have a built-in speaker . The construction is pretty sturdy overall , and I 'd actually consider it stylish and very practical . It 's not very heavy , but it 's stable and I 've bumped my desk and stomped around to see if it would skip and it has n't . My only complaint is that shortly after receiving it , I looked at each different part and on the platter I wanted to see if the piece of felt that 's on it was removable , but it 's glued on . Unfortunately it 's not glued on very well , so by barely touching it , I pulled one side of it up . Overall , I 'd say this is a perfect turntable for someone who does n't want to spend a lot of money . I 'd rather have this than something in the $ 100-200 range since it performs just as well . This will hold me over just fine until I get a significantly more expensive unit with all the bells and whistles .
 This record player has an amp built inside , you can just plug it into any speaker system , or your headphones . its portable , and can be powered by batteries . It takes an old technology and gives it modern convience .
 Excellent value.I have over one-hundred 78 RPM records . I copied the records onto CD 's using this turntable connected to my computer and Microsoft Plus software . The result is a sound that was better than the original and much more convenient.The turntable is very compact , easy to set up and operate . I had no trouble at all .
 this little puppy works just fine ... it 's smooth , surprisingly small and lighter than an unabridged dictionary -LRB- or so . -RRB- ** the only note i would give is that the small speakers on it are designed for monitoring , NOT FOR REGULAR LISTENING . they 're pretty weak , so i just bought a medium-quality set of computer speakers to plug into the headphone jack and it all works like a charm
 This is a great little turntable . I have had it about two years and have never had a problem with it . Those who are disappointed by the fact that they can not hook it up to their stereo would do well to read the name of the product ; Numark PT01 Portable Turntable .
 Works very well for my application , i.e. limited use transferring LPs to computer and occasionally just listening to a record . With top cover on it does n't take up much space . Most turntables of this price range do not have pitch adjust , a must for 78s .
 I ordered this item on a Monday and received it on Wednesday . It had a small defect -LRB- one warped corner -RRB- , but I downloaded a prepaid mailing label , returned the defective item Wednesday afternoon , and received the replacement on Friday . Still amazed at that.The player is cool . I 'm no expert , so I ca n't really critique its mechanics or whatnot , but it sounds good to me . And it 's so sleek and light and portable , it really makes up for any so-called deficiencies.I got it mostly for its headphone jack outputs . Instead of running it through a traditional stereo , I just put everything through my computer speakers.It works for me . I 'm glad I got it . It 's a heck of a deal and they urgently handled my return . It seems a little delicate . I know it wo n't last forever ... but I take care of my delicate records , so I should be able to keep this intact .
 my five year old loves it and has been playing it every day since we got it.it 's not too loud.We hooked it up to an amplifier and it was louder althoughthe sound quality was still just ok . One little plastic tab broke off the lidthe first day but it still works fine and stays on . We LoVE it .
 this unit has wonderful sound quality for a very low price . its internal speaker puts out great volumes but the unit is also very easly connected to external speakers . i particularly love the compact size which makes storage in my dorm room very easy .
 If you 're serious about your record collection , and have a large collection , you already know that you should buy a good quality turntable -LRB- Music Hall or NAD -RRB- for your stereo system , and forget all the other portable junk -LRB- Crosley , etc. -RRB- out there . This is great for portable use -LRB- vacation home , etc. -RRB- I use this for copying 78s on my computer system as well -LRB- for now - until I get a dedicated 78 player -RRB- . If you play 78s , make sure you get a special 78 stylus .
 The delivery came as promised and the turntable works as needed . We were especially interested in a turntable which could play 78 rpm records as well as 33 rpm at a price under $ 100 . This was just right .
 Great component for transfering LPs to digital . Very compact and easy to use ! No problems here .
 This turntable works great ! You really need to plug into speakers as the built-in speaker is very quiet . We hooked it up to some M-Audio Studiophle AV 40 powered speakers and it sounds fantastic -LRB- you can also plug your ipod into these speakers -RRB- . I have been listening to my old records like crazy . Warning , it will make you want to buy new vinyl too ! It is plastic , lightweight , and easy to use , but maybe not as heavy and solid as some folks would want . It is great for trying out vinyl in the store , very portable with batteries , but certainly heavier . I do not know yet how long 6 batteries last . It 's fun .
 I was totally broke during x-mas season and my lovely girlfriend had dropped hints that she wanted a portable turntable to take along on our vynil digging adventures , so i scoured the internet until i found one that was affordable and seemed to be good quality , The Numark name said it all for me . Prompt delivery and she was the happiest woman in the world . Needless to say i got a little more for christams than i expected -LRB- in a GOOD way -RRB- , and it was GREAT ! Oh Yeah , the product ... it was in great condition and works perfectly , and the built in speaker ... is acually alot louder than i expected . GREAT product and Speedy delivery . Thanks.Ricky Corona -LRB- MODesto , CA -RRB-
 I was looking or a turntable with RCA outputs so I can connect to my laptop sound . I also wanted 33 1/3 , 45 , and 78 RPM speeds so I can untimately digitize my collection of vinal in all formats . So far this simple to use turntable has performed beyond expectation . My old mono LP 's sound as good as they did on my old high end turntable .
 small in size but works well . Not for scracthing whatsoever !!! do n't even try it ! Quality Portable turntables are hard to find , and while i would n't call this one durable or well-built , it still performs very well . do n't crank the volume too often it will blow the speAker
 This portable record player is great to take record stores , listening parties , etc. . I would n't use it to try to entertain a party full of people , as the volume is n't very loud . It 's great for what it 's intended for .
 After looking for a Portable turntable for my record `` digging '' excursions , found this piece of equipment which seems to be pretty small , but actually it has a lot of power . It has everything a record digger DJ needs
 This might be a little soon to be writing a review since I just got it but I think I can do it justice . First what it is not . It is n't your primary turntable . Ok now what it is . It 's a small portable turntable that has a funky little speaker that you wo n't use . But there are RCA outs to plug into your home stereo car deck etc. . There is also 2 sizes for headphones . Plus a USB cable and software for your computer . It -LRB- except for the computer part -RRB- reminds me of my 1st turntable I got when I was 12 . I have an audio technica for my stereo that I play lps on but I wanted something I could play my 45 's on without getting up every 21/2 -3 min -LRB- must be something to do with going on 58 -RRB- . This is it I have 15 ' RCA cable so that 's cool . I use the audio tech to burn lps as it has a built in pre-amp which I 've heard is better than USB but this will do the trick . It does 78 rpm has a pitch control . For 89 bucks delivered to my house I think I got what I wanted and expected . Now as to whether I will put my MFSL Santana Abraxas on it remains to be seen .
 I previously bought one , that messed up within a week of me playing it . The clamp that holds the arm bar in place broke as I was snapping it in place , and the records started sounding like chimpmunks . So Numark replaced it within a week , and the one I have now works fine . I 'd heard excellent reviews from -LSB- ... -RSB- so I definitely wanted to give it another shot . I know this is their cheapest and most low budget player . I 'm just getting started with vinyl , and am pretty excited to play a lot more records . And if I ever wanted to preview the records at the store , it just needs batteries .
 Very reasonable price . Comes with USB cable and necessary software , which I was not expecting . I used the machine to transfer old 78 records to CD . Some of these records dated to the early 1900 's . The results were excellent . The machine has input jacks for connecting a tape player to put cassettes onto CD .
 Now since last year I have been looking for a turntable to use for my lp collection and I have found just what I was looking for . This turntable works great and connects easily with any speaker system that you may have .
 I was searching a reliable turntable , I found this item some days ago , this is a good device , it have headphones conecctions and Red and Yellow Audio ports too and buttons to fit some features like Audio , Tone & Pitch ; you can choice the differents speeds to 33 , 45 and 78 rpm , the sound is great , can take advantage of their portability , great Turntable for the price . Although Numark forgot to include it an automatic arm .
 I bought this turntable to a -RRB- replace an older turntable from the 70s and which weighs more than me , for which new needles cost 30-40 bucks , and b -RRB- to transfer old 78s into digital files for a podcast . It 's one of the few turntables that I found with both a built-in speaker AND audio out ports , in both RCA and headphone cable form . Usually , I found ones with either one or the other . It 's lightweight , it has excellent sound quality , much more tone and pitch control than you 'd ever expect in a 100 dollar turntable , and the new needles cost only 12 bucks . I could not find where to buy the needles online , so after contacting Numark , I discovered that they would sell them to me directly for only 12 bucks each -LRB- even if it involved giving out my CC # via eMail -RRB- . Being a very new turntable , I do n't expect it to be phased out anytime soon , so the needles should remain cheap for a while.Perhaps the only thing I would change is the fact that the table only starts spinning once you move the arm over it - there is no ` start spinning ' button beyond the on/off switch . Also , there have been a few times when I accidentally dropped the stylus onto the metal surface and it 's left a visible gouge , and I ca n't help but think that this kind of thing should have been somehow protected against.I 'm not a hardcore audiophile . I do n't know the difference between the sonic clarity of a CD and an mp3 , and honestly , if it sounds full , that 's good enough for me , but this was incredibly simple to set up and plays excellently , and pretty solid -LRB- if mostly plastic -RRB- .
 I bought the Numark PT01 for the purpose of transfering vinyl albums and 78 's to my PC for digital remastering and taking the scratches and noise out and then transfering them to CD 's . For the most part , I ca n't complain . The turntable was easy to set up and use . At this point , I must give information about replacement styluses . Regretfully , Amazon does not sell these , so you 'll have to get them from other sources . Do n't worry , I 'll help you find them . Just Google the numbers you see below and you 'll quickly find sites which can sell you these styluses at very reasonable prices .793 D7793S3These are special Fansteel numbers which are used to designate the exact styluses needed.The 793D7 is the stylus for 33/45 RPM vinyl disks and uses a diamond tip . The 793S3 is the stylus for wide groove 78 RPM disks and uses a sapphire tip.Now , a word about using this turntable for remastering sound . After you 've recorded the record audio to your hard drive , you 'll need to adjust the equalizer of your third party recording client so that the 200HZ level is brought down by -12 Db . This is because this turntable has an anoying peak at that frequency and especially in the right channel . Also , it 's best to turn the volume all the way up on the lineout jakcs -LRB- that 's right , the volume also effects the auxiliary output jacks which is not a good thing -RRB- because you 'll want to minimize the amp noise going in to your sound card . Also , you will need to use a lower setting on the track bar for the line input on your card than you may be used to . This is because both headphone jacks and the lineout jacks are fed by the same amplifier and thus the volume ; as indicated before , works them all . Barring those factors though , It 's a nice little turntable which , provided you 're not too demanding of your equipment , will serve well . OF course , it would have been nicer if the cartridge was user replaceable thus allowing the freedom to choose what ever combination of stylus and cartridge you wanted ; and , the 200Hz peak in the right channel , which I suspect is the result of the tonearm receiving vibrations from the built in cartridge , would need to be eliminated for me to give it a 5 ; but , as I said , nice buy if you are not too demanding and are on a tight budget .
 I have n't listened to records since my old turntable broke down years ago . In the meantime , I have a acquired new amp , which does not include a phono option , and the idea of buying a preamp and all the other necessary accessories seemed like too much effort . Well , this compact little turntable does the trick with a minimum of fuss . It 's not an audiophile product , but I must say that , hooked up to my main system , it provides good sound , tracks even scratchy , warped LPs well , and takes up very little shelf space . I even brought it into my kitchen one evening , hooked it up to a table radio , and some 1950s-era jazz records sounded pretty sweet . I 'm going to be getting a few of these to give to my musically-included friends as gifts this holiday season ! For those of you who have forgotten the joy of setting the needle into the groove and hearing that familiar ` swoosh ' - this will bring it all back .
 i 've long wanted to own a numark ... if only it was n't too pricey , until this particular model came along . the functions are pretty basic but the sound is excellent for its range . the thing i like most is that you can carry it practically anywhere you go and for those old enough to be alive when vinyl was king , it brings back memories of playing your 45 's on your small phonograph . certainly worth the money . I would 've given it 5 stars if it had an auto start and stop funtion though
 Purchased this Numark unit for the purpose of transferring old LP 's to my iBook lap top and then to CD 's and so far I am very happy with my selection . Keep in mind this particular model is fairly basic , no bells or whistles here , but if you do not want or need something expensive or state of the art , then this is a good bet . Simple to set up and operate . Appears to be sturdy and does not take up a lot of space . I 'd give it a full 5 stars if there was a lever to raise and lower the needle/stylus instead of by hand but that may be a type of feature that a DJ prefers . But for the price , I really ca n't complain .
 I purchased this soley for the purpose of recording my albums to MP3 and Burning to CD and it works flawlessly . To do this you first connect the two RCA connections out on the side to your soundcard line in ; that would be the Blue one ; then plug in electrical and turn the unit on . Now go download Spin It Again from Acoustica Software ; not free but the best there is amd go through the trial with some of your records . The great thing is it takes all the hiss ; pops ; everything out of your recording and you can even burn them within the same program . They are digitaltized and sound great on my sound system . The Numark is a great buy and works great with Spin It Again ; get both you wo n't regret it . I have been through 15 Albums so far without a single problem with the Turntable and the Software .
 I am a college student , and I wanted to take LPs with me to school , so I decided to purchase this player . It is marvelous for what it is designed to do . I run the line out through my computer 's speakers , so I can listen to it as well as make MP3s from the LPs . It is very compact , it sits on my desk , and it is easily transported . It 's built-in speaker does what it can . I have heard complaints from others who have reviewed it , but you can not get the sound that is best from any built-in speaker . What you need to do is run it through other speakers or headphones . Overall , this is an amazing buy , and it is nice to hear people say , `` You bought a NEW record player ?! I did n't think they still made those !! ''
 I got this as a secondary table for when I 'm away from home , but I also use it occasionally when I 'm out D.I.T.C. ` Works great in both scenarios . It 's a tad bulky , but it 's sturdy and has a lot of nice features like the various outputs , tone and pitch knobs , etc. . I 've got buddies who use this as their main turntable . Recommended .
 I like to hear the old style music of Rod Stewart . Now I can listen to it . The sound is clear . the set up is easy . The Rod Stewart rocks ...
 This battery operated little jewel allows playing of old 78 's and stillsounds reasonable in it 's single onboard speaker mode . It also has thestandard stereo outputs to drive an external soound system for all threeRPMs . All this and it 's built to pack around.My wife called it one of the best electronics purchases I 've ever made . .
 above our expectations - gave this as a gift to 14 yr old musical kid , he is loving it ! durable , great sound , came as promised .
 I am using this turntable to transfer music from old LP records and 45 's onto a computer for the purpose of making MP3 files I can listen to on an iPod . It was easy to set up -LRB- just add batteries -RRB- and connect to the computer 's input . In just a few minutes , I was able to start my project . I have copied about a dozen LPs so far and the turntable works great . I am glad I got it . I like the idea that the unit is portable because it is one less thing I have to plug into the wall . Very convenient to use . The results sound great , other than the clicks , pops and surface noise that is all part of the phonograph experience . After listening to CDs for years , it can be painful to listen to records , but I have many records that have not been released on CD . It 's good to hear them again . I guess we just got used to the noise of records . It seems that regardless of how carefully your records were handled , they somehow managed to develop defects . In fact , some have defects right out of a sealed package .
 AN EXCELLENT CHOICE . I NEEDED A SMALL TURNTABLE TO FIT ON MY SHELF FOR PLAYING MY OLD RECORDS . I HOOKED IT UP TO MY BIG STEREO SYSTEM AND IT WORKS JUST FINE . WOULD BUY IT AGAIN IF NEEDED .
 Vynils are awesome ; and with this equipment you can get really good quality in audio .
 I bought this turntable for its 78 speed capability . It works and sounds great . It 's portable , can run on batteries , has speed adjust and can be played through your home stereo or by using headphones . It even has its own built-in speaker . I am using it to transfer over 100 records from the 1930s to the 1940 onto CD by connecting it to my computer using the RCA jacks . For the price you ca n't buy a better turntable .
 Sturdy carrying case and strong plastic lid makes me feel confident about this product 's durability . The internal speaker does not go that loud and does not capture the full sound of vinyl , but attach this player to some real speakers and it sounds great . Do n't pay more than $ 100 for one or you are getting ripped off .
 I have a regular gig which normally involves lugging all my equipment there and back again every week . With the portable turntable I can easily listen to records at home and store my equipment at the site -LRB- a local cafe -RRB- . I do n't have any issues with the monitoring speaker and appreciate the dual headphone jacks . It 's extremely light and portable and the pitch controll functions well . I still would not reccomend it as a primary turntable . You really need to invest in direct drive -LRB- i.e. Technics 1200 's -RRB- . It does take the guesswork out of thrift stores , flea markets , and record stores .
 I found it to be everything I had hoped it would be . It worked flawlessly .
 Sweet sweet sounds come out of such a tiny speaker . It 's incredible . This is the best record player you 're sure to come across at this price . The audio outputs all work like a dream , and the sound modulating knobs are fun . I love it . Go buy one !
 Good price , good sound quality , small , portable . Perfect for when you need a bit of vynal .
 I just bought it and I love it . It ` s simply , easy to carry and it sounds perfect if you are a user like me who just wanted to play again those old vinyl records . At home I plugged into some Logitech speakers and for me the sound it ` s ok . If your are still thinking ... stop thinking and go get it !
 I received ahead of schedule and it was great to use , all the plugs worked prefectly one the first try
 My order to amazon.com came through promptly for the Ultima USB cable for my Nikon Coolpix camera . When it was determined that the problem was with my camera rather than the cord , the seller , dCables , very kindly refunded my money even though the 15 days allowed for exchange had elapsed . I recommend them highly .
 Product arrived very fast and was inexpensive and was what I ordered . Very happy with total experiance .
 This was a replacement for one that was lost . It is very useful for uploading pictures from my camera to my desktop or notebook or to any other computer when needed .
 exactly what I needed for my older camera since I had lost my cable.can ' t beat it for the price and they packed it incredibly well when it was shipped .
 The first cable sent was incorrect . I called and received an immediate apology and , once we clarified which cable I needed John sent the correct cable out the next day with a return authorization and return envelope . No hassle ; no problems . That 's the kind of service other retailers could learn from .
 Three in one
 This monitor was recommended by Consumer Reports as a `` Best Buy '' and at $ 185 I ca n't argue ! It has amazing color , wonderful clarity , and has been completely trouble free since it was installed . Installation is a snap , too . I am completely satisfied with this monitor . I use it for work , all day several days a week .
 Very nice colors on screen . However , no height adjustment . Advises when monitor is going to sleep . Built-in power converter .
 This has been an excellent purchase . Well worth the price . Excellent color and clarity .
 The size is just right for my desktop . Very easy to connect , it 's seamless and very clear . I recommend this to anyone wanting to change their old monitor .
 Loved this monitor ... easy to set up.I like the square screen format as I do alot of work with photos and find that a wide screen distorts them ! True color . . a great buy ... very pleased with my first LCD monitor ! Glad I bought it !
 I am completely satisfied with the performance and price of this prodcut . If there is a flaw I have n't found it yet .
 Very nice and good quality for the price . My son is very pleased with the flat screen monitor and I was very pleased with the price .
 for the price , this seemed to be a good choice and the user is very happy .
 I have had my RF-Link for about 2 months or so , and use it almost daily . It works great and it is really worth the money I spent on it . The only improvement I have to comment on is the instructions on how to hook it up , which cables go where . However , once you figure it all out , it becomes easy to understand . Hope this helps .
 I like how this converter was designed . Pretty much an all in one . Having a couple of issues with it right now . I have a 42 inch display and when i link it up to s-video the computer locks up . As i connect it via the yellow input out put i cant get the resolution quite right . It either comes out very scattered or just blank . Ill try to tinker with it some more and adjust the settings and hope to get this right . Leaving this rating as a 4 because of its capabilities and usefullness and relative ease of use .
 I took a chance ordering this product , because there were n't many reviews . I 'm glad I did ! I got it a few days ago . Connecting my PC to my TV went fine -LRB- basicaly , my TV serves as a second PC monitor now -RRB- , and after adjusting the screen resolution , the image was perfect . Very little fuzzyness . The quality of the videos I played was very good , and well transfered to the TV . The cables are not super long , something to think about if your PC and TV are far apart . A good choice , and I 'll update in a few weeks/months to say how it holds up !
 I have had this monitor for two weeks now . My first impression is its ease of setup . I had no sweat adjusting all the setup without even looking at the manual . The `` Picture Effect '' button on the front menu can help you choose the best display that suits your need . The On-Screen menu is really easy to navigate . I run the resolution at 1280x1024 85Mhz Refresh Rate . Text is crystal clear all the way to 1600x1200 . Anything above is starting to degrade but still readable . Playing Quake3 is pretty impressive.One other plus is that this monitor has 2 inputs so that you can run two systems with only one monitor by switching between each other using monitor 's `` Input '' button.The only thing that is negative about this monitor is its weight and size . I actually had to pull my desk 10 '' off the wall so that I can still have space for keyboard and mouse.Overall , this monitor is the greatest within this price range . I ca n't think of any other monitor at this price that can compete with G520 .
 ... I 'm a graphic designer , and have tried hard to use the ` top shelf ' LCD monitors for over 10 years now ... and still prefer my -LRB- Dell -RRB- Sony 21 '' Trinitron that I bought new in ... hmmmm ... 1998 !!! It still serves me well , and after all these years , only takes about 5 minutes to ` warm up ' -LRB- in it 's old age -RRB- . Now , I just received this Sony G520 Trinitron monitor - 2 years used - and it is soooo much better than the LCD monitor that it replaced -LRB- I have two work stations -RRB- . Why ?
 Great Monitor , crystal clear , for drafting / gaming / multi-tasking its a must . Dual input is usefull if you are running two machines , such as a desktop and a server , you can switch back and forth by a simple switch , on the front of the monitor , unlike some other brands .
 This monitor requires a solid graphics card/adapter driving it , and also might need a little tweaking once you get it set up.When I took my monitor out of the box , the geometry was slightly off -LRB- at least I think it 's the geometry -RRB- - there were some small problems in the upper corners of the image . Admittedly not being very knowledgeable in the area of monitor tweaking , I was still able to virtually eliminate the problem with the basic display menu option parameters.I also had a problem with my graphics adapter not driving a sufficiently wide or strong horizontal sync signal , which caused the image to be wavy and unstable . I recognize that this is a problem with my graphics adapter , but even Sony admits that this monitor is sensitive to the quality of the sync signal from the graphics adapter -LRB- or graphics card -RRB- . In my case , it was a new machine under warranty , and they are going to replace my graphics adapter . You might not be so lucky.Otherwise , the quality of the display is excellent . -LRB- What else would you expect from a Sony FD Trinitron . -RRB- The 3 year warranty from Sony is also a bonus . And except for the few minor issues I had with it , it is a top notch monitor .
 I have a Sony 21 inch monitor model 500PS . Since the G520 is the best selling 21 incher on Amazon I just wanted to throw in my 2 cents worth.I have owned my Sony monitor for 2 years and 6 months . I have never had any problems with it then bang , about a week ago I got a blank screen while crusing the net . I took my monitor into a local shop and they called Sony about my monitor . Sony said to ship it to them at my cost which was on a Saturday and Sony fixed my monitor and sent it back -LRB- at Sony 's cost -RRB- the following Saturday.Sony 's 3 year warranty , service and the company that stands behind its products , ROCKS .
 After years of pumping money into the high-priced cartridges for my Officejet -LRB- here , try my other arm -RRB- , I bought Dataproducts ' refill system for the black 96 cartridge.I was delighted , with both the quality of print and the ease of refilling the cartridge . So I decided to try out the color cartridge refill for my 97 cartridge.Same ease of refill.Slight color difference -LRB- from the HP cartridges -RRB- , but I used the color adjustment in Photoshop to alter the color just a small amount and was pleased to see little difference between photos printed with the original or refilled cartridges.For everyday photos , these photos are as good as you 'll get from the average inkjet printer . Besides , if you 're looking for museum-quality prints of your prized photos , please take them to a high-end photography print shop and have the experts do it.Don ' t think you 'll get away altogether from buying HP original cartridges . Although the cartridges can be refilled several times , eventually they will wear out and you 'll have to get new ones . Nevertheless , the savings are impressive compared to buying new HPs every single time.Read the instructions carefully . You must clean the refilled cartridges twice and then prime them to get good results , but it 's easy and certainly worth the tiny effort involved in doing it.Highly recommended for both black and color refills .
 I bought one of these for HP 97 tri-color cartridge a couple of years ago , and it 's only just running out . I 've been able to get about 4 complete refills per HP cartridge out of it . Those cartridges normally retail for thirty bucks each.Previously , when I tried those syringe-based refill kits , I could only get 1 or 2 refills on a color cartridge before the heads blocked up . My 4-refill cartridge is still running fine after using this device . It 's exceptionally easy to use and I do n't get ink all over my fingers / the desk , which did happen with the syringe method.Somebody complained that there was no way to see when the cartridge is full , but that 's not true . If you follow the instructions , it says to drill holes for the needles using the template for location -LRB- easy -RRB- , fit the cartridge into the gray piece of plastic and then fit that piece of plastic with cartridge attached into the refill kit . Then you turn the whole thing upside down and sit it on the desk . Watch for small air bubbles appearing in the transparent ink chambers - this shows that air is escaping from the cartridge and ink is replacing it ! When the bubbles stop , you know it 's done . If you never get any bubbles , you can ` prime ' the ink flow by pushing the little rubber buttons a few times.I also bought a black ink version and that works exactly as well as the color .
 SO EASY AND NO MESS - YOU GET AT LEAST 5 - 6 REFILLS , SO VERY ECONOMICAL TOO
 This product is great.Learn to use it and you will not use any thing else.No more ink on hands or any thing else.I have ben useing this product sence it first came out and love it . Robert Martin Austin Texas
 I bought this scanner used for ... some odd dallors through a market place seller here at amazon , I had never heard of the visioneer company before and asked family , freinds , and local computer store experts about it , no one had heard of the company before and urged me not to take the chance and get a reliable brand . well , I had my heart set on this one but i looked up scanners from epson and hp and cannon and found comments from previous buyers saying how '' ____ went wrong as soon as i got it '' , and `` it 's a peice of junk '' etc. so I decided to take my chances with this scanner , It arrived a few days later and I was surprised how easy it was to install , there are only two cords , one is permanently attatched to the scanner and hooks into the usb port on your computer , and the other was a plug in cord that hooks into your wall socket , and the other end goes into the only hole in the back of the scanner , then you just put in the software -LRB- though you really should do that first -RRB- push install , restart your computer and * poof * you have a scanner ! I did n't know what to expect in quality so i was presently surprised when my scans turned out better than my mom 's scans on her -LSB- more expensive -RSB- scanner ! it basically kicked her scanner 's butt ! I am so pleased with this scanner , and the software that comes with it and I urge EVERYONE who has the chance to do so to buy this scanner !
 Reading the Amazon 's editorial review on this scanner I thought it would be a breeze to work with . But anything involving computers I should of figured would be a difficult endeavor . Visioneer 5600 is good and will take a few hours too get the bugs out . The directions are some what confusing since I 'm having trouble figuring out how to get the right resolutions . The USB connection on my Pentium III processor is located in the front and the adapter cord is too short to reach from the back , as well as the plug-in cord -LRB- so I 'll have to invest in longer cords -RRB- . The software is great and has been helpful . The size is perfect for my roll top and the smoky blue blends in well . I think in time my Visioneer 5600 will be a great buy .
 I own this photo printer . It is small in size , but produces professional quality photos at a low operating cost .
 This cord has a straight plug into the back of the receiver . Much better design than original cord with 90 degree bend .
 This power plug/speaker fits snuggly into the back of my 276c GPS and the sound is good . I leave it plugged into the unit and transfer it from my boat to car .
 A Very important accessory , allow you to continue using your GPS after the battery and it also works as live-voice . With this ecess&oacute;rio you can hear the instructions given by the GPS . I have a test this Garmin 276C GPS accessory during a crossing of 14 hours I did in Brazil bring my boat from Angra do Reis to Rio de Janeiro and found it excellent !
 It was delivered as advertised It works fine , and the price is better than from Garmin direct . I am happy with the purchase .
 This item really works well . It plugs into a 12v cigarette lighter and powers my 276c GPS and provides the speaker needed to get voice directions from the Garmin software . The speaker portion of the unit articulates so you can have the speaker pointing in any direction . Volume is controlled on the GPS itself . It would have been really good to have a volume rheostat on the speaker unit .
 Great speaker for Garmin GPS 's . Crystal clear sound with adjustable volume . Very rugged and long lasting . If you own a Garmin product that this will fit it 's worth the investment .
 The product came fast and in new condition just as stated . We are very happy with the product and appreciate the great service .
 Charger does exactly as expected , charges battery ! While speaker opened the world of voice guided navigation . Again , I can only wish I bought it sooner .
 This combination car power/speaker is a great device . It allows my older Garmin to speak directions without the convoluted bare wire speaker cable wiring . Unfortunately , I am selling the GPS unit because the Garmin street maps CD costs far too much . I can buy a new model GPS unit for what they charge for a map . But the speaker cable is mighty fine .
 I just ordered this scanner a few days ago and it arrived very quickly , it was so simple to install a 5 year old could do it , just put in the software , push install , and plug 1 cord into the back of your comp and the other into a wall socket and you are ready to go . The software that came with it is great , and it scans under 10 seconds on 200 dpi , It has the most beautiful quality scans i have ever seen in both grayscale , and color . It 's just amazing ! I love the preview feature ! it has a real-time preview feature where you can change , contrast , lighting , etc and see it happen while you are doing it , so you know exactly what it looks like when you scan it . I encourage everyone who needs a scanner or just wants one to get this one ! it 's the best !
 This is a really great little scanner and terrific value at an unbelievable price . I had it out of the box , attached , and fully working with my first scan in less than 10 minutes without a hitch . The software it comes with is probably worth more than the total price of the scanner and all - and great software it is , too . Paperport Deluxe 7.0 is a wonderful , easy-to-use scanner utility , and MGI Photosuite is a wonderful product . The scanner is a breeze to use for anyone , especially those new to tech equipment . Three front panel buttons send scans to email , your printer -LRB- for easy , cheap document copies -RRB- , or into Paperport for storage . Scanned images are good and have enough clarity and definition for most home/small business use - unless you 're really into graphics , in which case you 'll probably need a scanner with higher resolution . This is a great product - and the color is very cool , too !
 I have been using this product for 3 years now . It works about 80 % of the time , but those times it does n't is the cartridges fault , usually clogging up or some other kind of problem that has prevented me from reusing it . Even then , the value in this is much , much cheaper than buying new or even refurbished ink cartridges.The ink is great quality stuff . It does n't look watered down like with most replacement inks.Also , my package states that it refills the following : HP 22HP 28HP 57I have been using this with my HP 22 's .
 This works really well . I did get ink on myself a few times but I 'm quite accident prone so that 's bound to happen . The only thing is that my printer wo n't pick up the fact that I 've refilled my ink cartridges so you never really know how much ink is in there . Other then that one fact it works perfectly .
 Product was received in due time . The postage for this item was very expensive , raising the cost of the product beyond that which I would have been able to purchase at a local computer store .
 This is without a doubt one of the best ink refill systems out on the market today . I own both the black refill system , and also the color version.The color refill system is quite simple to use , you just put the plastic guide on the top of the cartridge , lock it in place with the holder , punch some holes with the key they provide , and slip in the ink tank . Once it is done , you can easily tell that the cartridge is heavier and you are ready to keep on printing.The best bargain is that the system itself is cheaper than the cartridges and can refill up to five empty cartridges . It 's even better than dragging yourself on the bus or in your car to a drug store , office supply place , or even a specialty cartridge refill place . You can easily do it in your own home . Drug store refills
 I had previously purchased the black refill system for HP 27 . It worked perfectly so I decided to try the color system for my HP22 cartridge even though the picture only showed it compatible with HP 28 & 57 cartridges . When it arrived , the package also listed my HP22 cartridge . It worked just fine . I am very happy with the product . I used to set the printer to print in black and white only , because of the obscene price of HP ink . But this is so economical that I reset the printer to print in color .
 I am very satisfied . It works perfectly for the HP 92/93 Inkjet Print Cartridges -- I have bought the refill for both Black and color . Great savings . It doesnt say system for HP 92 or 93-but I assure you it works for these cartridges just fine.Very Easy to use .
 If your printer software shows the ink levels , there are web pages detailing how to reset the cartridge -LRB- ink level indicator -RRB- when refilled . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The shipping was faster than I expected . The product was easy to use once I read the instructions . There was no mess to clean up . Great product . Will be back to order again.ChuckW213
 I have a HP 1410 All-in-One and was fed up with buying the expensive cartridges . I 'd heard that black ink refills worked well but was skeptical about the color ones . I am very impressed with the results and with how long it 's lasting , I do n't usually wait until I totally run out of ink before refilling , but I 've refilled three times and only used about half the ink . It 's cheaper than buying a single replacement cartridge and lasts far longer . Easy to use and not messy as long as you follow the step-by-step directions .
 I purchased this item and have used it a few times . . It 's very easy to use and I love it . . Saves a lot of money . . Will be ordering more when this one is finished
 I enjoy having a cartridge ink quick at my disposal . The cost is very economical . I will buy again .
 I do allot of refilling and this thing is great . You do n't spill any ink , it distributes it evenly in the cartridge , and it 's easy to use . The ink is great too , colors are what they should be . I own the black system and it looks great too . Remember , do n't let the cartridge run bone and let it sit empty for weeks on end.Also of interest is the rubber stopper in the bottom of the tank . I have other kits that just came with needles and tried refilling this thing . At first i tried putting it back through the needle and it was kinda slow . But you can put a needle through the clear stopper and it works perrrrrrfectly to refill the refill.Buy this for every brand you ownPS -LRB- also works on other cartridges not listed on the packaging but watch out for where the colors are . The needles may fit but the colors are in different places ! -RRB-
 I 've had limited experience with using flatbed scanners , an honest to goodness AMATUER ! Until I got my Visioneer 8800 ... Out of the box , hooked up to the computer and using it by the end of the day ! No problem ! Now I can help to design the programs , program inserts , and special event brochures for my Church . I 've made some `` special '' one-of-a-kind Certificates of
 cord works fine , but did n't fit in desired location because the connector is straight instead of the 90 deree end as shown in photo .
 There 's not much to say . It is an original Garmin product that works perfectly . I am completely satisfied .
 Length :
 Does what is suppose to do.What more can you ask for ?
 I got these for a great deal at a local sports retailer . Originally was looking at some Nikon Trailblazers and a couple other brands . These binoculars were FAR brighter and very clear compared to the others . I am sort of a newbie when it comes to binoculars but side by side with others in the same price range , I could easily tell a difference . Very happy with my purchase . -LRB- well , okay ... birthday present that I picked out for myself -RRB-
 This product works well . I tried to buy one at a retailer for much more money but it was out of stock . This product costs much less and work well plus comes with a car charger which the original one did not .
 Looks nice but I have n't had a chance to use it yet . My husband took it over for a cage for his pet squirell . It works out just fine for that !!
 I previously bought and used this brand for my other external hard drive-to-computer connections.The performance was excellent and the price was very good ... so , I bought additional cables and got the same positive results .
 This cable fits the 296/396/496 series of Garmin Aviation hand-held GPS units . It allows one to interface the GPS unit with the MS Flight-Sim program -LRB- using the GPSOut software - Google to find the software -RRB- . If your computer does not have a serial connection , you need to also purchase the serial to USB cable . So far the cable has peformed without problem and the delivery was on time.DKM
 This product delivered as promised . Easy installation and provided me with everything I needed . Speeds , where my vehicles had stopped for extended breaks , and what routes were being taken . Fantastic tool !
 It works as it should but it 's different from the picture . It does n't carry the L shaped connector on the GPS side . It 's more like an `` I '' connector !
 When I first tried to plug this cable into my Garmin 496 , I thought the same as the reviewers who said it does not work . In fact called Garmin and complained . However I tired again , and very , very firmly pushed the plug in all the way and it works fine . It does take a lot of pressure to firmly seat it , but it does work .
 I have had my original and a replacement cable with speaker break . The wiring going into the plug to the back of the Garmin unit cracks and the cable ceases to work . This adaptor cable only -LRB- without speaker -RRB- is an inexpensive solution to my problem , since my primary use of the unit is in my boat , where the speaker is useless .
 My original Garmin 496 power adapter used in the aircraft fell apart at the connector . Bought this as a replacement . Works great and actually connects/disconnects easier than the original .
 The unit arrived promptly and in perfect condition.A firm press is necessary to seat the charger head into the receptacle on the GPS . Once that 's done , it works great !
 This adapter works as it should with the Garmin 276C GPS . Some reviews made me wonder if I should order this part directly from Garmin instead of from Amazon but I was pleased with the results . Although the item I received did not have the 90 degree bend in the end that attaches to the GPS unit as shown in the picture and like my original part , it works just as well . I use this GPS for 4 wheeling off road and was delighted to find this replacement part at a reasonable price . Thanks Amazon .
 Everything hooked up thru the UPS is still fine and running -LRB- sony Viao , Airport Extreme , Modem , all in 1 printer , ipods and more -RRB- . We have lost several electronic devices that were not on an APC UPS . Living in Missouri there is lighting and wind messing with the power ALWAYS .
 Thing has worked fabulously for 3 years and is still working great . Every now and again , I 've removed the battery , popped off the rubber stoppers , filled with distilled water , dried , capped off the holes with rubber stoppers , charged each battery using a car battery charger at 3 amps , reinstalled . These batteries just do n't quit running if you maintain them properly . To bad APC does n't put this in the manual.I recently ordered 2 newer models and I 'm hoping the batteries are the same way . I 'd hate to have to replace these every year .
 I bought this recently to cut down the base on a set of PC speakers -LRB- Altec ACS33 -RRB- that had terrible booming base.The item arrives in a little brown box with a very small diagram on the side of the box . That 's the extent of the documentation that comes with this device . Had I not been an experienced electronics engineer , I would have had little or no idea what to do to make this work . But the diagram on the side of the box is correct and the L-Pad works just fine.It 's definitely worth the money . I do recommend putting it on the _ back _ of whatever you are going to attach it to . The knob is rather large and the design is from the 1960s . Its stying is my only criticism , though.Recommended for those who know what they 're doing with electronic elements . You need good soldering skills including knowing how to desolder wires from your speaker/driver , how to solder wires together and insulate them , and how to solder wires to terminals on the l-pad and on the speaker/driver .
 It 's hard to write a lot about this product . It 's exactly as pictured , a 15-watt l-pad . Note that the knob and `` audio level '' backer are separate pieces , so if they are n't useful in your application they can be left off and/or changed out with what you need .
 I had the BIC VI-38 's -LRB- 3 way in wall and was happy . I bought a pair of the HT-8W speakers for my new room on my house to try them even though its spec.s were the same as the 38 's . They blew away the 38 's . I 've compared the HT-8 in-wall against most of the in-wall speakers and they are the best for under $ 500 . If you have a stereo system that allows you to differentiate speaker quality , then you will want these speakers . I 'm now upgrading all of my in-walls to the HT-8W . Note , I prefer the sound quality with the grills off .
 Needed a serious in-wall speaker . Looked at the bigger `` name '' brands first , then found these gems . Adjustable directionality on the tweeter . Adjustable sound level on the tweeter and midrange allowed me to tune the sound . Nice woofer . They installed easy and look great . I installed some thermal/sound insulation above and below in the wall cavity for baffling . Added a subwoofer -LRB- which is n't necessary -RRB- . I have a picky ear , and I am very pleased with the sound . If you need the highest audiophile quality , you 're not buying in-wall speakers . But if you are buying in-wall speakers and demand the best possible sound quality -LRB- and it is very good -RRB- , these are a good choice .
 I use these speakers for in-wall sub-woofers . They give good resonance because they vibrate the drywall also . Be sure to put insulation behind them if you do this or the bass will be loud on the other side of the wall.I also used one for my center channel on a 5.1 setup . It is clearer than the Sony speaker I replaced . I have a 5.1 system in my living room with one of these in an angled ceiling over the TV , one in the wall out of sight for the sub and four 6 1/2 '' in wall speakers for the surrounds . It sounds great . Not audiophile quality but I do n't have speakers sticking out all over my living room either . Most people ca n't tell the difference and they have to look for the speakers to see where the sound is coming from . My wife likes that.Update , I used these speakers in 2 more installations . The customer is very happy with the sound and his wife thanked me for getting rid of the ugly speaker boxes he used to have .
 I am not an audiophile , but I do appreciate the value of these speakers . I installed these in the ceiling of my family room , widely separated above the TV . With the speakers at fair distance from the primary viewing position I do notice some loss of sound -LRB- low-mid range ? -RRB- when you are not close to beneath them . It would be ideal to have these aimed more directly at the listening position , but the pivoting tweeters seem to help some.I originally paired these with an old , cheap , but powerful , stereo receiver . They did not put out much bass until a good break in period . I have used them lightly for 6 weeks and am now getting good sound . I finally paired them with a new receiver Onkyo TX-NR515 which has less power but much cleaner sound . With the new receiver , I tried turning up the volume some and get great full range sound for any music and movie effects . Though , as mentioned before , it is best when the speakers are aimed directly at you . You do n't necessarily need a separate sub with these . I tried a brief bass sampling and they appear to have some bass in the 33-35 Hz range but not much until you hit the rated 38Hz minimum . I plan to add a sub -LRB- probably a BIC since I am so happy with these -RRB- mainly so that I can increase the low frequency effects in movies without have to crank the general volume so high . I really do n't think a sub is necessary for music unless you want excessive bass or very low frequencies .
 The quality of the sound from this rather small speaker is impressive . I removed it from its frame to use in an old cabinet from the 40 's I have restored . It plays well with the one remaining speaker , which was used in the original mono-setup .
 Ceiling speakers are a comprimise for looks over sound quality , but if looks are a priority a pair of these is a good way to go . I painted the rims the same color as the ceiling , and they ` disappear ' from obvious sight . If you 're directly under and centered on them the sound quality is very good . As you move off-axis , the sound is more appropriate for background music , which is probably what most people want anyway . The template and clips did a good job of helping me get them secure in the ceiling drywall , and I have not heard a trace of any rattling/buzzing from the grip . I have a nice Onkyo receiver hooked up to them , and they will rock if you turn them up !
 Just remodeled an historic home and used different speaker combinations Polk in wall , jbl cabinet , and Polk cabinet . These speakers , at a quarter of the price , are equal in sound quality to my cabinet speakers and miles better than the Polk ceiling/wall speakers . I wish that had placed them throughout the house .
 No problem with quality of filter , it is a Nikon . Unfortunately , their designs have been lacking , like you ca n't screw an additional filter upon this one . Big draw back . The filter size for their Coolpix 8800 is odd to begin with , somewhere in the 53mm or 54mm range . Odd ... only their -LRB- 3 -RRB- filters offered seem to fit . Other than that , when on sale good to have .
 This works well on the Nikon CP8800 . I had originally bought this in place of a UV filter to protect the lens . It does vignette the corners at the wide angle , but you can zoom past it or fix it with editing software .
 a great and cheap option to protect the expensive lense of your camera from scratches
 This lens works well in high contrast situations . Actually , it works well in almost any lighting situation.The price ca n't be beat . This is a savings of 75 % over what retail stores are getting for exactly the same product .
 I can rate this 5 depends how you use these filter but it would not restrict any image quality .
 I purchased this product and am very happy with it . It slid over my nano and the little darling never locked so safe and secure . The belt clip and lanyard make it an even better deal.It is n't just a faceplate but a full rubber or maybe silicone cover.I like it so much , I may get one of the other styles !
 This compatible cartridge is perfect ! Although we have never had a problem with IBM products , this particular model is becoming harder and harder to find . I am always leery of `` compatibles '' since the last 2 we used were defective and caused an alarming clean up problem . I purchased this compatible and have not had any surprises ! Yay ! I would purchase one again .
 HighPoint claims to have enterprise functionality in commodity hardware ; and they do ! This is a great RAID controller and the software allows advanced features like Online Raid Migration -LRB- switching RAID modes , without losing data -RRB- . For experimentation I started with RAID 0 , added 2 more HDD and migrated to RAID 5 and everything worked splendidly!But note that this card is perfect for me because I only had a PCIEx1 slot available , but a 4 HDD RAID 5 will not get full speed ; it will cap at around 200MBps , which is still much faster than a single HDD .
 With this system , you get a lot of functionality for less than other home automation systems.I purchased this system to replace an existing ADT system on a lake home . We wanted the ability to call in and remotely manage the system , including the ability to adjust the thermostat . I left the door and motion sensors in-place , removed the ADT panel in the basement and wired the sensors to the Elk M1G . Everything worked as expected.The ElkRP programming software is easy to use , but I 'm an IT guy - less tech-savvy users may not find it as user friendly . The rules engine configured via the ElkRP software is very customizable . You could quite literally program this system to just about anything . I have a more difficult time thinking of applications than how to program it . Of course , I 'm not using it to do anything more than be the alarm system and control the thermostat.The tech support from Elk Products has been great . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a great product , it is allot more that home security . That is why I decided on the Elk M1 . It id easy to program with the free programming software . I highly recommend down loading it from elkproducts.com . I wanted more than what they wanted to install for $ 30 to $ 40 a month from the well known names in security and I didnt want to sign a 3 year contract for a system I could n't program . this is the best system that I researched and it has met my expectations . I also found a monitoring service for 8.99 a month for a year , you just cant beat that for what you get . Well worth the money and I am very pleased .
 I 've installed a half-dozen different security systems and after using the Elk M1G , I will never mess with another , inferior system . This technology is light years ahead of everybody else . Forget ADT , GE , DSC and all the others . Their systems are slow and buggy and inferior compared to Elk . It 's expensive , but worth it.However , I still think there 's room for improvement . Elk is the best system that I 've found that 's currently available . I still think the alarm industry is 10 years behind everybody else . Someone could come along and create something much better and become rich .
 I removed an older Napco security system and installed the ELK M1 Gold . Found it to be very simple to install and program with the ethernet option . Directions are decent but not written for a newbie . Good support from ELK once you register and they allow you to logon into their website .
 if you are like me and throw a ton of stuff in your trunk , you got ta keep the boom protected . This does the trick .
 This is a nice product ; with the low price , it makes it a real find . I use it to play my cd 's in my home office . It does n't take up much space . The sound is good .
 Had it for a year . Perfect and problem free , and it 's on almost all the time . Rock solid , sharp , even color . Flawless .
 This monitor has one the best CRT monitor award in more than one magazine . is grille pitch is yet to be challenged and it has good refresh rates at high resolutions . one problem is that there are 2 wavy lines that go down the screen but only some people notice them and most people just ignore them . I recommend that you at least try this out if you are going for a high end CRT .
 Re two of the above comments , the OSD shows the current refresh rate when you press `` menu . '' And any yellowish areas -LRB- `` stains '' -RRB- in the corners can be fixed by tweaking the LANDING controls .
 After 5 years of owning a 21 '' Viewsonic P-815 which I was very pleased with , it burnt out . I opted to try this Sony GDM-F520 . I am definatly not used to the 2 horizontal lines -LRB- wires -RRB- that Sony uses to support the APGrill . They are very annoying and look like defects , probably the worst thing about this monitor . It really bugs me . The text also has a slightly blury effect at the 1600x1200 resolution that I am running at , even after trying to fix it with the controlls . It 's not too bad , but not great eaither . The price is really high too . The good things about this monitor are that it 's brighter than my viewsonic , has more and better controlls , flat screen , and a smaller depth and footprint . Was it worth twice the price ? I would say yes if I could n't see the horizontal wire shadows and the text were sharper , otherwise , I wish I would have just paid to fix my viewsonic . Yet I give this monitor 4 stars because it 's graphics and colors are the best I 've ever seen , and I love the high bandwidth -LRB- 2048x1536 @ 85Hz !! -RRB- This is the first monitor that outperforms my video card , rather than the other way around . High refresh rates are good ! I wish it came in standard beige color . I also wish it had an onscreen display of the current refresh rate .
 I bought my GDM F500 in 1999 , well over 10 years ago . I 'm a graphic designer and it was pretty much the best monitor available at the time , without going overboard on something with hardware calibration gizmos . I still prefer CRT monitors to LCD screens for richer blacks and sharpness.Anyway , this beast still works well enough . After a decade of heavy daily use it 's never gone wrong . If it does start to look less than sharp , I hit the ASC control on the front panel , resize to fit my favorite resolution , and I 'm back in business.With two sets of inputs , it 's also very convenient for switching between two computers , a laptop and a desktop for example.Anyway , it 's no longer offered for sale , I was just looking for information about it -LRB- ca n't find my user manual -RRB- , saw it was still up on the Amazon site , and had to put in a plug for it since some of the others were dissing it bad .
 If any review written gives the impression that this monitor is otherwise than perfect , there must be something like a bad monday or a bad computer behind it . Connect , turn it on and feel the experience of being in a new world . Super sharp -LRB- even text -RRB- , steady with brilliant colors of any contrast you like . Absolutely perfect flat screen without detectable distortion anywhere on the screen area -LRB- if any , very easy to adjust by the complete control system -RRB- . Using this monitor as the window toward the `` real '' world , for example outside the cockpit of an airplane in a flight sim , gives you a fantastic sensation of being included in the game . With one single word
 Just bought this inspite of the review . Worked great !! XP plug-n-play was just perfect . Nero installed with absolutely no probs.Already burnt 2 audio CDs , no glitches , no throw-away CDs , CDs sound great . Drive was a little noisy initially , but then I guess I got used to it along with other fan noises around.I definetely recommend this product . Worth a try b4 you write it off . Rated it 4 b ` cos of the noise.I 'll surely update my views based on further usage .
 The items works exactly as intended but i wish i had paid more attention to the overall size . For my use i had to make some modiciation to my pachinko cabinet to get these lpads to work as i wanted .
 I just got the Toshiba 14AF444 TV and the picture quality is superb . They claim `` rich stereo sound '' with the built-in speakers but , as one can imagine , the small speaker size lacks bass and you 'll probably want to run the sound through at least a small receiver powering some real speakers.The front A/V inputs are really handy -- you can plug your camcorder in and watch movies immediately . Nice to not have to get in behind the unit to do so . I 'm using it to make animations and small movies , so it is a great size to sit along side my computer & related equipment . Perfect unit for me . Not too heavy also at 24 pounds.Note
 This set is awesome for conditions where a larger set is impractical -LRB- kitchen , workbench ... -RRB- , but you still want quality.This set comes with component video inputs , colorstream , adjustable aspect ratio , headphone jack output and surround sound . This is PERFECT for ppl like me who watch DVDs with a headphone while working at the computer.This set has good reception of local channels with a separate indoor antenna . This set is also bristling with inputs -LRB- front and back -RRB- , so it doubles as an excellent little video monitor.The built-in speakers are very small and do not have much bass . Use headphones -LRB- front panel jack -RRB- and crank the volume up . The sound is sharp and clear with DVDs , CDs and strong TV stations.The picture with component video and colorstream is razor sharp and brilliant . There are no raster lines and the picture is flat . You can even adjust the aspect ratio to accomodate widescreen DVDs.I compared similar 14 '' flat-screen TVs for 6 months , and the Toshiba 14AF44 offered the best performance for the price by a wide margin .
 I 've had this tv for just over a year and have been very happy with it in general , as well with the well-formatted remote and easily navigable menu . The 14 '' flat screen creates a larger-than-you 'd - think , impressively vibrant picture , which , along with the surround sound speakers , is perfect for viewing movies . Unlike some of the other reviewers , I have not had any problems with either the tv itself or the remote . Ultimately , I liked this tv so much , and have had so many compliments on it , that I bought the 27 '' version for my living room . Great tv .
 The flat screen is great as well as the reception and I do n't even havecable . The remote has used only one set of batteries for many months.A great buy .
 I purchased this unit to use in our travel trailer mainly for its small size and flat screen . It fits very tight , but serves it 's purpose well since the flat screen makes it viewable from different angles , and with 6 people watching at once , thats important to us . The screen is clear and bright , best color and picture I have seen among all the top brands . Had it for 4 months - no problems .
 A perfect mate for the ADS NAS drive.The 750 GB version exceeds the limit of the NAS Drive , though Seagate kindly advises that the ADS NAS drive could probably take a 600 GB or maybe even a 640 GB HDD , but not a 750 . Mine works very well .
 I know there are alot of people who have trouble with Seagates on Amazon , but I went to Newegg for reviews before I purchased this HD . I have not had one problem with this drive in the five months I have had it.My 500gb is used as my primary backup drive for my iTunes music , Photos , documents , movies ... etc. . I copy and delete off the drive almost constantly and am happy with it 's performance . I have about 140 movies on it and 80gbs of music and am nowhere near full . Love the size of the drive . I have it in an external USB enclosure and have a second 250 I use to double-backup my photos . -LRB- -LRB- I love Seagate drives but as anything know it CAN fail -RRB- -RRB- With Hardrives so relatively cheap these days , get two of these and just backup.I used to use DVD to back up but have decided to just buy a new HD every few years and retire the older drives . Seems the most reliable and fastest way . Good luck with your drive . Cheers .
 Not a lot to say , I bought it , bought a BYTECC enclosure for it -LRB- the USB / 1394 combo -RRB- , formatted it and it works great plugged into my XP and WIN2000 computers . I get the standard FireWire `` delayed write failure '' on both computers , but I also get it on another drive with a completely different enclosure and chipset -LRB- it has nothing to do with the disk drive -RRB- . I get full USB 2.0 speed transfer rates both ways and I get full 1394 transfer rate on read . These are a function of the enclosure and interface , but the drive keeps right up with it.I have purchased three Seagate disk drives -LRB- two 2.5 '' laptop form factor , and this 3.5 '' -RRB- in the past two years and I have been happy with all of them . It is worth a little extra money in my opinion for the quality so I just plain `` do n't have to worry about it '' .
 The HD was easy to install . I plopped in my XP CD and the installation went smooth . I 've owned this HD for at least 3 months now and I have n't encountered any problems with it yet . This is the second Seagate drive I 've purchased in my lifetime - the first drive I bought many years ago was a 120gb barracuda which gave me problems within 3 months . Hopefully this drive wo n't fail on me anytime soon .
 These drives replaced -LRB- 4 -RRB- 250GB drives in a Buffalo server . The installation went smoothly and now only time will tell ...
 Product is quiet , fast and a great deal . I would highly recommend it .
 I used this in an external enclosure and it 's typical Seagate . It does the job well and when I bought it , the price was also good.I work with Apples a lot and unlike some others , I 've never had a problem with Seagate in the Apples . Note that 's more common with SATA drives than ATA .
 I purchased this with the hopes that I could use it with USBExtreme to rip all my PS2 games to a HD to help ` clean up ' my `` man 's room '' so that they 're not 60 PS2 game boxes out in the open . It first did n't work after spending many many hours ripping all the PS2 games to the HD . I took a week off and re-read the instructions and realized I needed to format it twice -LRB- once using the mgmnt tools in XP , the second time w/a file from USBExtreme -RRB- . After I did this it WORKED ! Mind you , since it did n't work the first time that does n't mean anything was wrong with the drive - it was ` user error ' . So as far as using it IN a computer for backing-up data etc - I have no comment - but for ripping PS2 games on a drive this size using USBExtreme - it works .
 no problem , it 's a spare so I have n't tried it yet but it appears brand new -LRB- like it should be -RRB- and the shipping was pronto . I would buy from them again
 I got this case because I was tired of the pu leather cases out there . I like the material the case is made of and the case feels very secure . I use my kindle for mostly reading so I really only use the kindle in one direction . The stand works great . The only draw backs are it is secured with a elastic strap - not my favorite way but I can see why it would be the only way . I also did not like how it is only able to be charged with the case open but really it is not that big a deal . I think that this is a very well made case and I have used it about a month or so and I realized it is also very stain resistant .
 I love these things . What a great piece of equipment for the price . I got these for moongazing and ship watching at the coast . They are great . Using these binoculars , I can see ships off the coast very clearly - even see people on the decks . W/o the glasses - I can barely see the ship itself . It lets in an enormous amount of light . A full moon is almost too bright to look at . It allows you to see very clearly at dusk and at night . Star clusters that are barely visable by eye become very bright and clear with these binoculars . They are heavy and hard to hold steady , so a tripod is a must for any detailed watching . You will not be disappointed.-MORE -- I knocked them off my tripod one evening and busted the eyepieces - boxed them up and sent them back to Zhumell w / return postage -LRB- per their warranty -RRB- and received a brand new set within 7 days . No questions - no run around . Nice job Zhumell - I am a customer from now on .
 I am amazed with the power , field of view , and quality of these binoculars . I went to a high point in my city , and scoped it out . It 's like having 2 spotting scopes linked together . I could see things across the valley that I had no clue about with my naked eyes , and the moon looks like it does in those NASA photo 's . The binoculars come in a nice soft case with a pocket for extra storage , they have a rubber coating over the exterior , rubber lens covers , a nice steel adjustable tripod mount , and right eye diopter adjustment . You can hold them with your hands , but I ordered a monopod , and it really helps with the stability and makes the viewing experience much more stable and enjoyable . I have had no problems with double imaging , as a matter of fact , one of the main reasons I chose this brand was for the metal rod in the center that holds both sides in alignment , it seemed somewhat necessary to me considering the size and power of the instrument . Get you some !
 I have been very impressed with these binoculars . They work very well for looking across Lake Union and scopeing out the downtown skyline . I saved over $ 100 by buying them on AMAZON as well.These powerful binoculars are big and heavy . But so am I , so I can hold them steady without too much trouble . Most people are going to want a tripod , especially for astronomy use . They do n't like to work through glass . Some people have a hard time focusing them . I have a hard time focusing out double images through glass and at night time . But the more I use them the better I become at focusing them . Zhumell has a great lifetime warentee on their products.Despite their minor problems that can be worked out through a little practice I love these binoculars . I have used these for almost a month now . Everytime I use them I think to my self that it was the best purchase that I have made in a very long time.Get these binoculars .
 These are working very well . Focus is easy and smooth . Night time viewing is very good . A tripod is necessary for the best viewing .
 Although difficult to use without a tripod , these binoculars are well the money . I was very pleased with the purchase .
 This is the first pair of binoculars I 've purchased and I really liked how they worked . I ca n't believe all the stars I can now see even past the city lights . I do n't have another pair to compare them to , but for what they cost me I 'm happy with how they work . Unfortunately , I 'm now looking at some telescopes and they cost a lot of money !!! So , for now , until I save for a Meade LX200R , I 'll be happy with these Zhumell 's !!
 Great quality of binocular with a carrying case as well as nice lens covers at attractive price.Full moon was so fantastic and clear on craters in gazing equiped with tripod . Easy to focus for clear view with ample light gathered through wide 80cm lense.But it 's too heavy to hold it up for a minute and very hard to keep staying without shaking on focus . Definately need a tripod with it .
 Nice binoculars . Great quality , case , and deal . Similar binoculars are $ 200 . Got it here for less than 1/2 . Once mounted on a tripod , you can easily view the moon , or wildlife .
 They Were Great Binoculars But I Had To Sent Them Back They Were Too Big For What Wanted Them For .
 I am very satisfied with the Zhumell 20x80 Super Giant Binoculars , I have had many diffrent types and these work very well .
 Pros Worked without issuesEasy to configureStraight up bridge modemCons Can not change static LAN address , ` verified with tech support ` Does not give as favorable readings as my other DSL modem.The SNR margin was lower with the Zoom , higher is better , andthe line attenuation was higher with the Zoom , lower is better ... This test was done using the exact same parameters for bothmodems , i.e. same cables , jacks , and dsl circuit ...
 I was tired of my 2Wire home gateway that my DSL provider sent me -LRB- it did n't play nicely with other networking gear -RRB- , so I decided to buy a replacement.I wanted to use an Apple Airport Extreme for my router/gateway , so all I needed was a DSL modem . I bought this modem based on the strengths of the other reviews . When it arrived , I plugged it in and it worked , end of story . If your needs are similar , I highly recommend this device .
 I 'm a network admin for a small ISP in Indiana . I often recommend this modem to my clients because it requires no configuration . Just plug it in and it works .
 I had a Westell modem which liked to simply disconnect from the internet whenever it felt like it . The download transfer rate averaged around 40k and I was told this was as fast as I could possibly obtain due to my address being along the fringes of the DSL coverage area.After getting fed up with the Westell I purchased this modem and my download transfer rate now averages in the 300k range and jumps over 1MB quite often . I know a lot has to do with server location but nothing else changed but the modem . My browsing habits have been the usual for the past week.Installation was very easy . Very . It performs exactly as I expected and the price was n't bad either .
 My DSL connection would drop every two to three days using the modem supplied by the service provider -LRB- Earthlink -RRB- . The Zoom modem has greatly reduced this problem . The DSL connection is always up as it should be . While this item costs a little more than the combined modem/router/wireless units I think the extra money is worth it.I found the set up instructions a little confusing , but not a big problem . You could probably hook this up to a router out of the box.FYI , this modem is connected to a Linksys WRT54GS wireless router .
 This was a life-saver when my 6-year-old router died the other day after a lightening storm . Amazon overnighted the router . I hooked it up and was quite shortly back in business . The product is well documented and easy to set up . Just make sure you understand and know what your ISP needs in the way of IDs and passwords and such .
 You plug it in and give it some time like 15 min . to see & talk to the network . Set-up pppoe on the the wireless router and that 's it . This modem works great with no hiccups . My speedstream 4100 would shutdown on a regular basis .
 The Westell Wirespeed DSL modem I had from my ISP -LRB- Verizon -RRB- got destroyed by a lightening strike . I needed to replace it , and Verizon wanted $ 120 for a new one . They typically now use Versalink 327W router/DSL modems.RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN AWAY FROM the Versalinks . They are a disaster.Anyway , I bought this Zoom Business one for $ 60 . I had always used a separate router before -LRB- not a router built in to the DSL modem -RRB- so this box was just what a wanted - a BARE DSL modem with NO router in it.My ISP -LRB- PPPoE DSL -RRB- settings were already in my router , so all I did was unplug the old DSL modem , plug this one in , and restart the boxes.The router negotiated the PPPoE session through this box just like it 's supposed to and I was back on the internet in minutes . I never had to configure this box at all.To those who knock this because it does n't contain a router , you are wrong . That 's the last thing you want . ISPs have been putting in those all-in-one router/DSL modem boxes for a few years now , because customers are too stupid and lazy to go get a router . Hence , they plug their computer straight into the DSL modem and their computers are exposed to every virus on the planet.I sympathize with the motivation behind the all-in-one boxes , but they are a pain in the rear end.Do yourself a favor . Learn what the settings are , and what they do . Stop relying on those awful `` install-it-for-you '' application viruses -LRB- er , APPLICATIONS , yeah , that 's it -RRB- that the ISPs make you install to `` get on the internet . '' YOU DO N'T NEED THAT JUNK . Get yourself a SEPARATE DSL modem , like this one , and a separate wireless router/access point , like a LinkSys WRT54xxx or some of the NetGear boxes like MRxxx . You must read the instructions for your router and enter your ISP user id and password and set a few connection options . But you will be able to troubleshoot and isolate problems much more easily , and you 'll have less trouble in th e long run.This little box does everything it 's supposed to and it works.I have had it for 6 months . Not one hiccup .
 This Modem was easy to set up using a static ip address . It has beenrunning long and strong for the past few years . A good investment .
 Pros : Lower Price , High Quality Photos , Good feature set , Has a viewfinder , Fast Shutter speed , Doubles as PC camera & basic video cameraCons : Delay in taking photo , red-eye photos , no audio on video , LCD line flickerHigh quality photos with many quality options . Produces video as AVI files -LRB- good for editing -RRB- in two video sizes . Overall size big enough for adult hands . Good mix of basic menu features . PC camera option . Has a viewfinder -LRB- not just a LCD screen like some -RRB- . Fast shutter speed of 1/6000 sec . -LRB- no blur on initial tests -RRB- . Lower price than comparable 5 mega pixel cameras . Photos count down -LRB- shows remaining photos -RRB- . 90 day warranty on parts and labor . In picture review mode , the pictures can be switched from tiny thumbnails to fill the full LCD screen by clicking the Display button -LRB- DISP -RRB- , or you can use your digital zoom to zoom in even more . Also , the manual exposure setting is nice for sunny days.The low price does bring some negatives . Initial appearance is a little generic with the words `` Digital Camera '' on the camera bag and camera back . Body construction is plastic . There is approx . a 2.5 sec . delay when the shutter button is clicked -LRB- Common digital camera problem -RRB- , and boot-up delays when you turn on the camera . Initial test photos had red-eye on some . No audio on the video and video requires a good amount of lighting . Does n't bother me , but note that the memory card slot is in the battery compartment . The LCD screen seems to have a white line flickering , even with the anti-flicker setting on . No optical zoom lens -LRB- Digital zoom by pressing up/down , but not in video mode -RRB- . Smaller LCD display than most -LRB- 1.5 '' -RRB- .
 This is for the iPod MINI !!! NOT THE SHUFFLEI have n't purchased this product , but what looking for a shuffle case , and found this was Named incorrectly
 This lock worked on our laptop when others would not . It has a rubber ring next to the computer , so it accommodated this particular laptop that had a ridge close to the opening .
 I use the Griffen Smartdeck which requires the hook up through the ipod connector -LRB- not the headphone jack -RRB- , therefore I could not have it charging at the same time . The Kensington has the pass through feature and works great with the Smartdeck .
 A cheap and effective solution to the fact that iPhone 3G is incompatible with Dension car stereo products etc. . which means that it can not be charged . There is np other way to get around this . Great option . Works as stated .
 Was looking for an ipod power cable that would let me also plug in a microphone . This is one of the few that I could find . As a bonus it 's a general purpose USB charger for your car !
 I used this charger with a pioneer ipod adapter with my ipod touch gen 2 because the pioneer adapter does not charge some newer ipods . With the pass through port I can now send the audio through and keep it charged . It is also handy in that i can charge it while in the car while watching movies or playing games.I took off one star because the connector end does not work well with two popular touch cases I have tried , as it needs to sit completely flush with the ipod base to connect firmly . With the case on the ipod it vibrates loose after a short while .
 The new ipods do not charge with the pioneer cable , and this was the solution to the problem . Now my 4th gen nano charges no problem !
 I 've been looking for a good multifunction for a while.This unit not only prints amazing photos but the black text quality rivals lasers.This unit also has built-in wireless -LRB- wifi -RRB- printing . Now I can print from every computer in the house without any cables or a print server.Highly recommended !
 I read so many reviews for printers before I decided on this one . It was a top choice on several websites . I love the wireless capability . Prints beautifully ! I printed a photo from a jpeg file and compared it to the print I got from Wal-mart photo center and the Canon Pixma did a better job . The colors were unbelievable . I needed some patience to get it set up , I like to get things out of the box and have them ready to go . This takes just a little bit of time setting up . I 've only had it a week but I know I 'm going to love this printer for a long time . As a photo enthusiast I 'm happy to have a personal photo lab at home . It scans film & old slides very well . The scanner is perfect for archiving your old family photos . Enjoy this printer ! I love Canon products . I have a great Canon SLR camera so I knew I could trust them with a great printer .
 I purchased this about four months ago , on sale for $ 260 , and am quite pleased with its performance . Since then , I 've been steadily scanning color and grayscale 35mm slides , color and grayscale 35mm negatives as well as letter-sized papers.The photo adapters inside the lid are sturdy and easy to load . The ScanGear software is intuitive . The hardware is capable of up to 3200 pixels per inch and scans a full rack of 6 negatives in just a few minutes.The printed color output is , to my eye , slightly over-saturated but still realistic and pleasing to look at.One drawback , I think , is the large size . It dominates the area but still manages to look sleek and professional . If you can deal with the size , this product is highly recommended .
 I researched color all-in-one printers carefully before selecting the Canon PIXMA MP800R . If I could use half stars , I would rate this a 4 1/2 . The sound level -LRB- extremely quiet -RRB- , print quality and ease of use are all great . The scanner and copier work well and are fast . The wireless networking feature is great for a Small Office or Home Office -LRB- SOHO -RRB- network with several computers.The only drawback is that the unit lacks a FAX modem . I realize that FAX machines are on the way out , since you can scan a document and then e-mail it . Also , if you often copy or scan multi-page documents , buy the Canon PIXMA MP800 , which has an automatic document feeder .
 I use this in a home/office setting with Mac OS X and Windows XP machines connecting via 802.11 g -LRB- WPA -RRB- . Essentially , I have one printer that fulfills all my needs without wires - no more clutter.Used for amateur digital photography and general printing/scanning . It is a versatile machine , prints and scans well , both quality and speed . Even scans slides/negatives , although , only fair is quality.I like the dual paper feed , from top or tray . Large LCD is great.I have no issue with included software or install . Followed the brief install directions - and was up and running.Chosen over sister MP800 for WiFi capability . I think the extra $ 100 is worth it if wireless is a desired feature .
 I recently purchased my Canon MP800R and so far I am quite happy with it . It took about 15 minutes to set up and configure my workstation and it was all very very simple.The printing is what i 've come to expect from Canon - perfect ! No lines . . No paper jams like I enjoyed on a daily basis with my HP . Everything just works and works well . This thing is really fast . 30 PPM -LRB- 2 seconds ! -RRB- for Black and White photos and 24 PPM for color and they come out great . I have n't seen it really advertised anywhere but the printer does have duplexing built in right out of the box . The borderless printing and 9600 x 2400 dpi detail make my photos look absolutely amazing.My main motivation for purchasing this unit was the networking capabilities . I had an old HP all-in-one but it required that it be hooked up to a computer that had to always be on in order to act as the print host , and there was no way to share the scanning capabilities . All these problems are gone thanks to this unit . Now , since my computers are all networked , I just load the Canon software on each machine and I am printing and scanning in no time . No need for a dedicated machine , and no confusing mappings . The software searches the network and finds it for me , and hooks me up . While I have n't tried it yet , it also supports wireless and bluetooth connectivity as well.The scanning portion of the unit is really the only place where I can see a need for some improvement , but it still is very good . When it scans it automatically crops and aligns the photos for you . I ca n't tell you how many times in the past I scanned something with my HP and I had to then crop it , and it was never straight so i 'd have to rotate the photo in Photoshop or something and it just a big pain . With this I do n't have to do any of that . Where it can stand some improvement is with the speed . It takes quite a while to scan something , even at the low and medium resolutions as compared to other units I have tried . Perhaps it is slow because it is doing so much to improve the scan quality . It also does n't have a document feeder so you ca n't scan multiple documents at once.All in all I am very happy with this purchase . I 've had many all-in-one systems over the years and Canon now has a new fan .
 I recently , within the last week , went from a single computer connected to a regular laser printer , to a 3 computer wireless network with 2 printers.This printer -LRB- MP800R -RRB- was a breeze to set up AND the wireless connectivity works for both the printer and scanner functions . I tried to network the MP800 with a print server but the scanner functions would not work , just the print functions . In addition , the color print quality is OUT OF THIS WORLD . I printed a picture of my son by a lake on a full size sheet of paper -LRB- 8.5 x 11 -RRB- . The photo covered the entire page . This printer was capable of rendering THE DIRT that was on my son 's shirt . Simply outstanding.Highly recommend .
 My wife and I have been looking for a printer for quite some time , and we read many different sources . We settled on the Canon Multifunction printers , because they received the highest reviews . We waited for the MP800R , because we needed the wireless connectivity . The setup was very easy . I was a little wary of the wireless setup , because of some past reviews I had read regarding wireless multifunction printers , but it was very easy . My wife connected her laptop to the printer , and once they recognized each other , we disconnected her laptop , and she was able to print wirelessly . I am very impressed with the ease of the setup , and the quality of the print . I highly recommend this printer .
 We have a Mac Book Pro -LRB- laptop -RRB- as our home computer and a Dell Latitude -LRB- laptop -RRB- that I bring home from work . Both are wireless through our airport -LRB- mac -RRB- . The MP800R practically set up itself . The instructions did show pictures of windows that were not just exactly like the windows that showed up during installation , however , I was able to quickly and easily figure out what to do with the windows that did appear . A flier inside the box said to download the newest driver for the intel-based mac but it was up and running before we did that . We are able to print from both laptops without any additional reconfiguring between print jobs . Also , I am not sure if the airport has anything to do with the configuration or if the printer is `` beaming '' straight to the computers.The only issue is that from farther than about seven feet the computer 's bluetooth or wireless -LRB- not sure what the difference is -RRB- sensor has to be pointing at the printer . At least I have gotten rid of one wire in our house.Don ' t you miss the good old days when the computer turned on the printer when it was off ... . Oh , well . We ca n't have everything.Happy printing !
 Print quality is very good . Ability to access scanner , printer and memory card reader over network is a plus . Note setting up wireless can be abit tricky but not impossible , if you have some knowledge of networks it should n't be that bad . Con the range at wich you can place it my vary , walls and other obstructions can greatly decrease wireless signal . A must for small buisness or home network no more dedicated computer to host shared printer . If I had to I would definetly buy it again .
 Over the past couple of months I updated some of the electronics in our house . I replaced an older single desktop iMac with a new iMac , and added a MacBook laptop . I put in wireless connectivity -LRB- Airport -RRB- and purchased a new printer -LRB- the MP 800R , my first multi-function -RRB- as well as a new digital camera -LRB- Canon A620 -RRB- . I found the setup and connectivity of the MP800R wireless to be realtively troublefree . I would not consider it `` a snap '' as many reviewers have noted , however , I am new to wireless technology and verbage.So far I have used the 800R for copying , printing , and photo printing . All worked very well with excellent speed and quality results . I have not done any scanning yet.One complaint ... the 800R keeps telling me that I have a problem with one of the ink tanks . I do n't believe there is a problem with the tank . I usually have to turn the unit off and then back one to circumvent..or...re-snap the offending tank into place . Kind of annoying , but I will continue to look into this issue.UPDATE
 Pros : This camera has a 12x Optical -LRB- I do n't use the digital but it is supposed to take you up to 36x or so -- do n't use digital zoom -- there 's no need with a 12x optical zoom . It has image stablization which you can really tell a difference . If you 're zooming all the way then use a tripod for the best clarity.This camera starts up quickly -LRB- about 2 seconds -RRB- After a USB link then your camera is detected as Removable Storage . You can then copy any file -LRB- as long as it fits on your SD card -RRB- . There are two settings for rapid shutters -LRB- 5 per sec and 2 per sec -RRB- up to 5 or 6 pictures at a time.Night Shot -LRB- use a tripod -RRB- Take a picture with a flash at night then use this setting to get the subject with the flash and then the shutter stays open to get dim background light.Turn flash on , off , auto , and red-eye . Timer 10 , 5 , 2 secondsView thumbnails of pictures , zoom in/outComes with a lense hood to prevent sun spots on the lense.Automatic shutter adjustmentsRecord voice with pictures -LRB- I 've never used this feature so I ca n't really promote it much -RRB- Rechargable Battery -LRB- you may want to get an extra one for quick swaps -RRB- The battery lasts quite a few days with only periodic usage and is quickly charged.Also , set it to night-shot and put the flash down to get a long shutter for interesting night shots -LRB- as long as the subject is n't moving -RRB- Cons : Format for video is 320x320 Apple MOV format.You ca n't zoom when your taking a movie.Only 2 Mega Pixels -LRB- I 've found it is fine for me . I 'd like to try something bigger sometime ; but , I 've printed pictures at 8 `` x10 '' and I thought they looked pretty good -- experts might disagree but they have n't seen my printer ... : -LRB- No attachment for an external flash
 The product was as described by seller . It was delivered very quickly and packaged very well . It was a refurbished unit by the manufacturer and worked like a new one .
 Good stuff here , got 3 and they worked well . Kept one with me for travelling , fits anywhere . The other is in the PDA and the third is still in the bag it came in .
 This is a much better value than getting replacements through Dell . The pen is an interesting add-on , too . My only complaint would be that the stylus does n't fit as snugly in the unit as the original did .
 I bought this to replace the one I lost for my Axim x51v . And it works just as good as the original with an added bonus of an ink pen.First shipment got lost in the mail , and CS was very helpful .
 This stylus works just like the one that originally came with the PDA and it has a pen as well . Beautiful .
 fits perfectly in both my X50v and my X51V . I do n't really use it as a pen , but it works fine as a stylus . The pen would work in an emergency , but in my opinion too fine to be used all day .
 Gadgets are fun , but practical gadgets can make your life so much easier ! And is n't this what we 're all after these days ? While looking for a replacement stylus for my Dell Axim , I found this stylus , which fits perfectly and has a pen on the opposite end ! No more digging around in my purse to jot a penned note while scheduling a meeting , or sign a credit card receipt while checking off my shopping list . The fact that I got three replacement pen/styluses less expensively than a single one from the manufacturer made this gem the best internet purchase I 've had in a long time !
 We recently cut our ties with DirecTV and just went with over the air digital signal . The RCA outdoor antenna worked great , but occasionally the picture pixelated . Having read reviews and experiences of others , I bought this signal amplifier and was blown away by the difference this little device made . We had very good HD quality , but this made it even better AND we found 4 more stations that we were n't getting previous to using this.Better picture , no pixelation and more channels ! Great Deal !
 I dropped my DirecTV and put up a manual antenna outside.I could only receive 4 weak channels that were hard to viewdue to the pixel separation being so bad.I ordered this RCA VH100N signal amplifier with 10dB Gain.Boy , what a difference ! All 4 channels crystal clear withperfect reception . It did n't bring in any new channels butit certainly did wonders for the 4 channels I have . I ammore than 40 miles from the nearest television station.It works for me !! I am happy with it .
 Worked well for splitting cable tv , but remember you must use a bidirectional splitter at least 2GZ . Do not use an inexpensive splitter ; otherwise you will not get results . Cheap splitters leak signals that interfere with others . As far as antennas are concerned , you can only amplyfy what you receive clearly . If the signal is not clear , this will not make the signal cleaner . All you will do is amplify a bad static signal . This product works well with faint clear signals . However , the only way you can sometimes tell if the faint signal is clear is by trial .
 It made my reception significantly better , however it did n't cure all my problems . After doing more research I found out I needed something a little stronger . I bought a Winegard also from Amazon and it fixed all my reception problems . This is a very good product and I 'm going to keep it just in case I need a little extra boost . I would recomend this product to people who only have a marginal reception problem .
 I got mine at the local hardware store . It was marked `` Two-Way '' and 50-900Mhz and a manufacture date in 2009 . Which I hoped means suitable for a modern cable system with `` return data '' for doing `` On Demand '' services . I could not find any further specifications such as `` bi-directional with return path '' so I was n't going to be too surprised if it killed the return path ... Pleasantly surprized it works ! Signal meter on settop box -LRB- secret diagnostics screen on Cisco RNG-150 -RRB- went from -12 dB to -1 dB , and `` on demand '' still works so amp seems to be doing its job - long run with a couple of splitters - now I can split the signal again without losing channels .
 The device did exactly what I bought it for . It worked OK . The amplifier performed as expected . I liked it .
 The signal amplifier was easy to hookup and install.Only two screws to install it and plug it in that is all
 I 'm writing this review after recently trying another amp with which to compare it . Sometimes you do n't know what you 've got until you try something else . After using the RCA unit for years , I hooked up a pricier PCT booster -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- that is supposed to boost my signal by at least 7db per port -LRB- more if you use fewer outputs -RRB- . The PCT did n't produce as good a signal or picture as the VH100 even after splitting it 's boosted signal.In other words the RCA at a 10db boost , even with a 2 port splitter produced better results than the PCT that 's supposed to boost a minimum of 7db per line - and over 10db if you use only 2 outputs.For the money , the VH100 worked much better for me .
 10db gain . Improved the HDTV air signal reception . Using plain 46 '' rabbitears , 25mi from towers , get 4 more channels , still need to adjust the rabbitears for a couple different channels , but not nearly as much as before , could probably use a little more gain to fix that completely , but made an improvement for me anyway .
 This RF amplifier was just what I needed to add a little boost to two HD channels that were giving me reception problems . After installing this in minutes the problem was gone . It also increased clarity on all HD channels . Definitely worth the less then $ 15 spent in the Marketplace .
 This L-Pad is built to last . Hardware , knob and level direction plate does all that 's needed.Highly recomended if you need an L-Pad .
 With Radio Shack becoming more of a phone and `` appliance '' store , it was good to find a source for repair parts . The L-Pad was needed to replace one that had gone bad on a church speaker , and the replacement works perfectly .
 These stickers were pretty good - but the ones I got from a simple store in Egypt for my previous computer were way better and far cheaper . The stickers were fine , except that they are strangely designed to replicate the -LRB- American AND Arabic -RRB- ? - , - . - ; - '' etc. on the computer keyboard . This means the stickers provide an overlay for things they do n't need to . It 's hard to explain , but you end up with 3 ' ? 's on your keyboard . VERY annoying , but otherwise they do the job .
 I 've seen a couple of my classmates order stickers and mine are by far the greatest ! It might seem like a small detail , but the stickers that go over the F and J have little indentions for the bumps on the keys , and the color of the stickers blends perfectly with the computer without overshadowing the other alphabet.Great price , great buy !
 I am a 60 year veteran Professional Photographer and needed some neutral density material . Age 83 . I found it and many other good things at Amazon . I order regularly from them and I am , normally , very critical.I , have nothing but good things to say about Amazon 's service.You can see my products , photographing Military Reunion -LSB- ... -RSB- Robert Alexander
 i tray the tactical 4x in total dardness in hunting travel , it 's great and you will take clear image and brihtness , great product and price
 Recently I have received my laptop ; laptop is my first and I am being used to to me using it unlike my desktop . I at a disadvantage do not have some thing of laptop ; it is very well for my expectations and my work .
 I think this system is awesome ! i got it for x-mas and so far so good those people who can get it to read cds are just dumb and ca n't figure anything out ! seriously though if you buy this you can make playlists and everythign out of mp3 cds just as long as they are finalized and everything is awesome from there on ! wow ! i love it ! its almost mesmorizing to play with ! totally worth buying !
 I was reluctant to buy this cd player -LRB- RCA not my favorite -RRB- , but my girlfriend convinced me to get it . At home I tried an old cd with a large number of mp3s and the device did not recognized them . I then realized that particular cd was not finalized so I tried with a cd that was finalized and it worked great . For a 100 dollars it 's worth every penny .
 Considering the low price , the cheap plastic construction can be forgiven . That said , when the unit is sitting across the room it looks very handsome . The mp3 function is flawless , my only complaint is the display . I would be willing to pay 20 bucks more for a more usable display . It only displays the first few characters in song titles , which makes selecting tracks very difficult on a cd with 200 + songs . I have found that by creating folders on the disc , it is significantly easier to navigate . Sound quality is suprising . There is n't a good reason for spending more .
 I ordered my unit directly from RCA 's website and it took very long to arrive . It finally did arrive after 10 days . I took it out of the box and thought it appeared cheap in construction.I hooked it up to my Sony AV receiver using the analog audio connectors and played a disk full of mp3 's . It worked great and the sound quality was very good in my oppinion.The disc directory navigation is usable and the playlist editing is nice.Be sure to have 2 AAA batteries on hand for the remote , since it does not come with them .
 I have had my RCA MP3 player for one month , and I am constantly pleased and impressed with its performance ! I have recorded my extensive CD music collection onto a handful of MP3 CDs and they play flawlessly and the sound degrade is not at all apparent to me . I recorded all of the MP3 files at 128 Kbps , and I do not experience a sound degrade at all . The truly terrific aspect is that I am able to load approximately 50 hours of music at a time and let ` er go . I highly recommend this CD player !
 I have two of these , one bought new many years ago and a second used one I just bought through Amazon . These are not beautiful players , but they are very good players . They play both CD 's and mp3 's with zero problems and sound fine . They are easy to use and , unlike Denon 's , the remote control turns them on/off . I have zero complaints and may get a third one . .
 If I am able to vote 4.5 stars , I would.What I like : * great video quality and colors -LRB- near-professional quality -RRB- , * manual control -LRB- whiteness , brightness , focusness -RRB- , * easy to understand -LRB- for someone like me who does n't want to read the manual -RRB- , * great LCD quality , * sleek design -LRB- easy to hold and control except when you 're reaching for manual focus button - can be difficult if you have the band on your hand -RRB- . What I dislike : * nightshot feature -LRB- strobing effect if the room does n't have enough of light -RRB- , * short battery life-span - only lasts approx . 55 minutes with LCD on and approx . 70 minutes without LCD on -LRB- I highly recommend you to buy an extended life battery -RRB- , * random black noise dots appears in some certain conditions -LRB- barely noticable -RRB- , * bad still photos -LRB- good enough for webpage and internet only -RRB- , * 700x digital zoom -LRB- totally ruins the video quality -RRB- ; best to use 10x optical zoom only.Overall , I am very pleased with how well this camcorder performs , especially in focusing and stabilization . I think it is a great camcorder at this price compared to others . I highly recommend it for both home and professional use .
 This is my first camcorder , and it so far a very good one . The features that come with the camcorder are all true and they all work great.The Digital Still Mode however is very bad . If you want good pictures get a digital camera , or a regular camera for that matter . The stills are terrible , only good for posting on internet and sending through email.Battery lifespan is very short , so plan on buying a couple more batteries.The cover for the SD or MM card is located in an awkward postion . Everytime I open the LCD or put my thumb at the bottom of the camcorder the cover pops open.Other than that all the features that are advertise with this camcorder are right on target . Very nice camcorder . Too much camcorder for being my first one .
 I bought this player about 3 months ago . Good , decent quality , nothing extra-ordinaire , except
 This is a very versatile multi-region DVD player that also plays VCD 's and CD-R/RW 's . It also plays back PAL system VCD 's and DVD 's on NTSC TV 's . It has a full function remote control.The only drawback is that there is a visible jitter while moving from one layer to another during the playback of playing multi-layered DVD 's .
 This is a GREAT power inverter for the car ! I use it for plugging my laptop in so I can charge it and play music while driving . High recommended , and I 've never had a problem with it ! *****
 This is a great attempt to harness the wealth of streaming audio available on the internet . However , the choices are extremely limited in comparison to what can be received on a PC . News options are very limited , for instance , and there is no option -LRB- at present -RRB- to listen to the BBC , MSNBC , CNN , World Band Radio , etc. . Music choices are pretty good , and there is certainly more variety than the usual AM-FM radio . The sound is excellent and the ability to play rewriteable cdrw 's is a huge plus . Would be fantastic if the unit played MP3 or WMA discs ! On the dissapointing side , I 've had the unit over a month and though I was supposed to receive MP3 streaming software for PC MP3s on registration , there has been nothing sent yet , and no response from support despite more than 4 attempts . I hope this is just a busy time for this usually superb company . Kudos for a great first try at an `` internet '' radio .
 I was also one of those fortunate few to beta test this unit . Plain and simply , I love it ! This unit could be a stand-alone stereo for a small household or the family room.The other reviews are accurate , so I 'm not going to restate what 's already been said . We are told that the released units have had a few changes over the units we tested thanks to our recommendations . They 've added the ability to manually set the IP address and have improved the buffering . Mine did hicup occasionally . In my house , I have an internal network with 5 computers and this Philips stereo/Internet radio unit and it still ran great!We received a photocopied manual for review . I can say that this is different then anything else you have used . Does one really read the manual to set up an AM-FM radio ? No . But with this , since it is an entireley new concept , read the manual.One nice item is that you can also play your MP3 files from another computer on the network and set up your own playlists . What this means is that you can either pick an Internet radio station or simply play your MP3 files from within your network.Overall , the unit is great . Speakers for their size are great . Stations , great . Operation , after you get the nack , is great.It has an audio out jack . With simply RCA cables , I wired it to my home stereo system which covers the entire house and outdoors . This meant I had the benefit of the entire Internet and my MP3 files throughout the entire house ! Now that 's great !
 I was one of a hundred lucky people who got to beta test this unit for FREE from Philips . To start off , let me say that the cd , tape , regular radio , volume , etc. are all just like any other player on the market and perform quite well . Where this box distinguishes itself is the internet connectivity . I used the box with both a DSL and T1 -LRB- at work -RRB- line and it was pretty solid , it did n't have any connection problems or anything . At first , I liked the idea of having lots of internet radio channels , but in reality , I found that I could n't find stations that played more of what I wanted to hear than my regular old FM stations . So check out the IM network to make sure there are things you want to listen to over the internet first . If you do find things , I will say that the sound quality , even at the lowest compression setting was very good . Okay , so a couple of other cool things I liked about this , I liked being able to set radio stations using the IM networks web site that were then sent down to my box , that was cool since it is harder to search for stations using the buttons on the unit . I also liked sending MP3 's to the unit , my only complaint is that most of my MP3 's were n't named properly so that they would display on the unit screen the title etc. . If you 've got a network in your house though , you could send mp3 's from any PC to your unit which is really neat . ...
 coming from someone who worked on this project , the fw-i1000 is super cool . i have one sitting next to me right now as i write this . you can listen to music from all over the world , music you would n't be able to get by conventional radio . it does have problems , though.the connection can sometimes be flaky , and if there is other internet traffic over your link , the music sometimes gets choppy . on the whole , though , a brilliant product .
 I was chosen by Philips to beta test this beast , and I enjoyed every moment of it . At first I could n't get it connected to the net , but then noticed I had DHCP turned off on my router . In this broadband world we 're in , I think most people would have a router to share a cable modem or dorm type ethernet connection among computers . Anyways , after the beast was connected all was good , I downloaded the JukeBox player software from IM Networks , I believe it is now known as Sonic Box . The JukeBox leaves alot to be desired and is mediocre at best . The software allows you to stream Mp3 's from your hard drive to the Fw-i1000 , sound quality is great.Indeed this box does boom , it has a feature called wOOx technology , with these cool little woofers atop the left and right speakers , with the wOOx level on 3 -LRB- the highest -RRB- you can definitely feel it.Push the connect and you have a whole world of internet radio stations at your fingertips . The remote is really easy to use , I never really found a use for the tape player , and the CD player did n't get much play.I had fun playing with it and it makes a great addition to my computer den .
 I was a beta tester for this philips product . I am not a employee of philips . I have had this unit for last 7 mo. . The quality is there I do like the fact that the speakers are housed in wood and not plastic . I have cox@home and the hookup to the cable is best used with a router netgear 314 . had problems with a hub . This way you can have the FW-i1000 and the computer on at the same time . The mp3when run from computer connected by the iMjukebox really sound great and you are listening to them through the 240 watts instead of your computer speaker system . The Inet radio is similar to the one on the computer except now it is controlled throught the FW-i1000 . I do beleive that you do get more boom for your money .
 I 've used this for box for years , thought it was the coolest thing , but now it is not able to connect to any Inet stations -LRB- all I use it for really -RRB- . Soo . . if you are thinking of buying one used , might wan na research to make sure it still works with net stations ... -LRB- if thats something you are buying it for -RRB- I just bought a MC-i250 -LRB- the newer one from Philips -RRB- has more features -LRB- plays MP3s , but is less power - 100watts -RRB- Just wish the fw-i1000 still worked over the net
 I was one of the 100 beta-testers for this FW-i1000 . I use the set in my home office , where it is hooked up to the internet via cable modem . It 's a great little stereo , much better than listening to internet audio and MP3 's over my cheap computer speakers . The ability to create MP3 playlists and stream them from your computer to the i1000 is a big plus for me . I 'm impressed with the sound quality for a bookshelf system of this size - it wo n't rival my dedicated home theater system , but it also costs a lot less . Overall , I 'm very happy with the FW-i1000 - all the features of a regular bookshelf system , plus internet audio !
 This set allows you to listen to music from anywhere in the world . No matter what type of music you listen to or what hour of the day . You can hear the music that you want to listen to . From Rap to techno to news to comedy it is available when you use this radio . On top of that you get a top notch CD player and HUGE sound . This thing rattles the windows for such a small sized player . The set is fairly easy to use but can be a little complex at times due to the huge range of options that it supports but does get easier with time . Another good idea is to read the manual ;-RRB- I was one of the beta-testers of this set top box so I have seen everything on it . If I had not had it before I would definately be buying one now .
 These inserts fit well , and once you obtain the necessary software , are easy to design . The manufacturers website has the design software available as a free download , however even with a cable connection , I was unable to download . They sent me a cd of the software for free , however I was disappointed to have to wait the extra time for the software to arrive.Overall , I am pleased with the product .
 Power cord is fine but the area at the PC end of things could be sturdier , which is why I needed a new one . It could be less expensive too .
 This item is an official Lenovo charger for the ThinkPad . It is exactly what it says and works perfectly .
 I bought this unit for my parents , I like the fact that RCA sticked with a regular round volume control instead of a up/down buttons.mp3 feature works great.And all in all i think its a great value .
 My 45 's and 78 's never sounded as good as they do on the CD 's . It has great sound and the CD 's will save my records.I recorded records of my Grandmother 's from the 20 's and they are very clear without any noise .
 I was apprehensive about buying the songwriter but I am glad i did . I have transfered many tapes and records onto CD and am totally impressed at the sound . Extremely easy to use . Nothing to set up . You will be recording in 10 minutes after you get it out of the box .
 The Crosley CD Burner is so easy to use . When I received it , I was n't sure if it would be difficult . I have many 78 , 33 and 45 records and many cassetts . I am looking forward to getting all of them onto CD . It is so easy , it will take a lot less time than I thought .
 This is a fantastic product ! I am NOT a `` technical '' guy , so I was a bit apprehensive when I ordered the CD Songwriter . Was I happily surprised ! I took it out of the box , read the easy-to-follow directions , plugged it in and -- immediately -- I was rocking the house with LP 's and cassettes I literally had n't heard in years.The CD player and radio are likewise terrific -- simple to use and the sound is great . Burning CD 's -LRB- use blank CD-R 's , not CD-RW 's -RRB- is also a snap . A Rick Springfield cassette I bought in 1985 sounds brand-new burned onto CD with the Crosley Songwriter . A Dylan Thomas poetry album my mom bought in the 1950s likewise sounds crystal-clear on a newly-burned CD.I am so pleased with this Songwriter , I feel like a kid on Christmas morning ! Baby Boomers & Gen-X ` ers , treat yourselves to this wonderful machine and rediscover your music collection !
 I have had this Radio for 2 1/2 years and has worked fine , although I would suggest getting a better mic , the stock one leaves a lot to be desired . But all in all a great radio for the money !!!!
 This radio has all that you are need and the night watch is a great feature if have the radio intalled in your car . Great radio , good receiver , it will last long . It 's a cobra !
 My husband and I bought this CB for our son who is a professional trucker . He said that it is a very good radio and he 's well pleased with it . It has good sound quality and suits his needs very well . He plans to have a radio shop boost the signal to reach out farther , but even at the range it has now it is a great radio .
 The Cobra 25 is a great little radio for the money . Its easy to operate and seems to have great ears . I had it -LRB- peaked and tuned -RRB- and an echo board installed . It sounds so good , I like it as much as my old connex 33 .
 I had been running cheapo radios that broke every eight months . I deiced to invest in a high-end radio . I wanted to invest in a export radio , but I only have basic knowledge about them . I deiced to get the Cobra 25LDT . It had a good price on it , not too expensive , and not to cheap . The feature that sold me on this radio was the Nightwatch feature . Per I do alot of night driving . I have this installed in my small pickup , on a cheap automotive console . -LRB- It 's to big to be installed anywhere in my truck cab . -RRB- This is a very solid radio . It has tactile controls that are easily felt while driving and being able to keep your eyes on the road . Now , to the review . After I had everything wired and installed , I turned it on and did some scanning . Every channel was clear as day . -LRB- Also do to the fact I have a HGA-2000 antenna which has perfect SWR . -RRB- The people who I was talking to said I sounded very clear . The radio looks nice , which also is a nice feature . The Nightwatch feature which looks very sweet lit up at night . Overall this is a very good radio , well worth the money your going to spend for it . Then having to buy cheap radios that constantly break .
 Received my order in good time and have installed it in/on my 2006 Jeep . I mounted it on the rear of the center console . The only thing I am going to do to secure it better is make an additional bracket that will cover the existing mounting bolt/screws so it ca n't be removed or stolen as easy if just left the way it was installed by the instructions . It seems to work just fine . It was well worth the $ 100 I paid for it . Kenneth
 I do n't know much about CB 's but purchased this one and it works great . It has all the stuff people said you would need like RF Gain . It installs in a flash , just hook up the antenna which I purchased the Cobra HG A2000 High Gear CB Antenna , you will need to buy the antenna it does n't come with one . Also since it may be installed via a cigarette plug in it may pick up a little engine noise which is a small squeal and hardly noticeable . The unit does n't come with the cigarette power adapter either but if you go to Radio Shack you can get this plug having screw nuts on the back where you attach the power wires and just plug it in . I guess this means it was meant for a hard wire install but that is not what I wanted.It works very nice and has many benefits while traveling .
 I have had a Cobra 25NW for some time , and my son really admired it , so I got him one for X-mas . Amazon.dot-com made it happen in plenty of time and in fine shape .
 I purchased this item and am blown away by its effectiveness . I started this device up and immediately detected not one , not two , but five seperate UFOs in my immediate area . I am currently working on a way to communicate with what I assume is an intelligent species visiting our planet , but so far , I have been unsuccessful . I am waiting to see if this company will be selling a UFO communications device in the near future . If it is anything like this detector , I will be extremely happy . Thank you for a great product !
 REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE - STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.Greetings carbon-based earth creature , I am Glatpok Zorthruus the son of a retired Supreme Galactic General in the Xorplaxian Army and a former minister . I came to know of you in my search for a reliable carbon-based earth creature to handle a very confidential transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of Xorplaxian currency to a foreign account.There were series of contracts executed by an Interstellar Consortium of Planets for the Ministry in which my father was minister on our homeworld . The original values of these contracts were deliberately over-invoiced to the tune of forty-one bazillion Xorplaxian Gluurts . The over-invoiced sum he purposed to acquire for himself after retirement . Unfortunately , things took another turn.I will explain more to you when you show your interest to assist me . Consequently , I am looking for someone who will help us -LRB- my father and I -RRB- to receive the money on our behalf . Needless to say , the trust reposed on you at this juncture is enormous . In return , we have agreed to offer you 20 % of the total transferred sum . While we shall take 75 % and the balance 5 % has been set aside to take care of any expenses you shall incure in the process of the transfer of this fund.Yours faithfully , Prince Glatpok ZorthruusCommander of the Xorplaxian Fifth `` Purple Zithanportap '' BrigadeP.S . We will require initial investment to be made with one bazillion Xorplaxian Gluurts ' worth of UFO-01 Detectors .
 I am only giving this UFO detector 4 stars because there is a newer and better one now if you are serious about this . Check out theUFO-02 Detector . You see , the new one has this cool design on it that helps it target the smaller UFO 's with great accuracy . This one was only marginally accurate , but far better that anything I 've seen in the past . It mounts easily to your dash board via the optional dash kit that can be picked up from any UFO detection shop for around $ 19.99 . Installation runs around $ 20 extra , but if you 're a tinkerer like myself , you 'll want to do it yourself to ensure the job gets done correctly.Anyway , I was down in Key West a couple of summers ago right before a hurricane hit , and this thing started going bonkers . It leads me to believe that hurricanes are caused by UFO 's , so they send in a hurricane , evacuate an area in anticipation , and while the hurricane is `` going on '' the aliens come in and set up shop in our attics , garages , and other lesser used spaces in our home . These are expected to be standard equipment in the Saturn cars starting with the 09 versions .
 I do n't know why some people are hating on this device . I purchased the UFO-01 Detector some time ago and so far it has been 100 % accurate . I have not seen any UFOs and it has not detected any UFOs . It does n't get any better than that !
 I only got my grade 10 and there 's a lotta stuff that goes over my head , but it 's plain to me that this thing ai n't no UFO detector ... it 's a transmitter that them aliens use to home in on their next probin victim . Readin through the other reviews you 'll see what I mean . The other reviews show all kinds of folks what bought this thing and then got unwanted visitors at their back door . See the connection ? It ai n't no coincidents.My theory is that the company sellin this thing `` Images SI Inc '' is run by hoorny aliens . This here UFO-01 is like a Martian 's daterape drug . Even worse -LRB- or maybe better ? -RRB-
 This product saved my marriage , I also ordered the firmware re-programming kit , and with a few effort and basic programming skills , I use it to detect when my mother in law takes a plane in a 5.000 miles ratio to come visit us , so I can leave the house quickly and run in a oposite direction .
 After all , 65 % of people who viewed this product ultimately bought the `` Baker 's Edge Nonstick Edge Brownie Pan '' .
 I loved this product , it would have received 5 stars if I had n't had to sell my ray gun to purchase it . Anyone serious about UFO hunting and exploration . needs this for their kit .
 So one of my long time fears has always been being abducted by aliens . I have bought several units that claim the same things that this unit does . None of them have ever worked . When this unit came in i had read all of the reviews and was very excited . I promise you that i had n't had this thing 2 hours and boom it went off . I installed my anti anal probe prevention wand , and sure enough a model 76544 jantron space ship pulled up and sucked me into the tractor beam . I can say the look on there face was hilarious when they had found out i had came prepared . They let me go with no probing , all thanks to the UFO detector . Now i just have to figure out how to get this anal probe preventer wand out . Think i saw a wand remover on a different page , i have to get that on express order .
 At first I thought this was a toy or scam , but the device has changed everything . I am now more aware of my surroundings . Last week I adverted an alien abduction . During my trip to new mexico , the alien detector setoff while I was relaxing in my hotel room . Needless to say , I packed my things and left . Had I stayed one more minute who knows what would have happened to me . If I had one complain is that it does not connect to my Iphone . I would be ideal if it did . I carry my Iphone everywhere at home . I do n't necessarily want to carry the alien detector . If this could call my Iphone or send text messages , it would be great .
 Truly , -LRB- and I DO mean truly ! -RRB- , I have seen just one UFO in my life . It was about 2:00 in the afternoon -- broad daylight ! -- and the sky was a bright , bright blue . No clouds in the sky at all . I happened to be lying down in bed , then , -LRB- backward -- my head was at the foot of the bed -RRB- , and looking out the window , thinking of nothing in particular . Suddenly , I saw this HUGE flying saucer go through the sky right outside my window ! It was golden , and was shaped somewhat like a bicycle wheel -- a solid middle section , with spokes , that led to the circumference section . -LRB- Someone who I told this to , remarked that it sounded like the Biblical Eziekel 's `` Wheel in a Wheel '' . I suppose it was . -RRB- I wanted to grab my camera -- but I forgot where I had put it . So , I just stared at the thing as it went quickly through the sky . In about a minute , it had disappeared . I did n't know what to do -- so I did nothing . I did n't even call the Air Force or anything , and sadly , I do n't now remember the day that it happened . But it DID happen . A UFO flying throught the skies of NorthEast Queens , NY ! -LRB- Anyone else seen one there ? When ? -RRB- If I had then had the UFO detector , here offered , I might have been prepared , and so would have looked for , -LRB- and hopefully FOUND -RRB- , my camera before the UFO arrived . Well , I did n't have it then , so the opportunity was lost . I have n't seen any since then , either . Also , -LRB- sadly -RRB- , my budget is a bit tight now , so any buying of UFO detectors will have to wait a while for me . However , I DO intend to put this item on my `` Wish List '' , so that , should I ever have enough money , I 'll be reminded to buy it ! -LRB- Or maybe one of my friends will give it to me for my birthday -- I hope ! -RRB- NOTE ; Here is a funny saying I once saw printed on a T-Shirt
 The UFO-01 detector has satisfactory range with gravitic drive type flying saucers -LRB- about a quarter mile -RRB- , very good range with magnatomic flux drives -LRB- up to five miles -RRB- as you might expect.The discrimination ability is what sets this detector apart , however . The detector was not fooled by time machines , stargates , parallel universe jumpships or transporter beams .
 The foil only stopped them from reading my thoughts . At least now I know when they are doing it . I just do n't like that I am still being probed because this does n't stop that . : -LRB-
 I LOVE MINE !!! What can I say . It has saved my life multiple times . I actually bought to one for me , and the other for my wife . They are fantastic . I WOULD BUY ONE !
 At first I was a bit skeptical of this product , since my last experiments with UFO Detectors had failed . But I was amazed when the product arrived , and even before I had taken it out of the box , a giant blue Police box landed in my backyard ! A scruffy man with a brown trenchcoat told me his gravitational flux capacitor had registered my UFO Detector , and that I needed to be careful with it . I said thanks and waved goodbye , then walked out into a large field . To my amazement , I found a giant spaceship belonging to a man named Han Solo . He called it the Millennium Falcon and offered me a ride , but at that moment my UFO Detector went off real bad , and I turned around to see a giant ship crashing into the ground . A blue alien came out and complained that Moya was n't running too good . I helped this woman and her crew fix the ship and waved goodbye to all the aliens . Exhausted I went home . And THAT was just the first day ! I have had this UFO Detector for over a week now , and have discovered amazing UFO 's with it . A giant bug ship named Lexx , , Another strange ship with two buffoons named Lister and Rimmer , and The Star Trek Enterprise ! OH MY GOSH ! I highly recommend this UFO Detector to anybody who wants an amazing adventure . It 's Great !
 great radio with alot of features and toys . compact size makes it easy to carry and operate . a little disapointed in the reception does n't hold the chanel your on very well no matter where you are . all in all im pleased with the cb radio.wish cobra made a case to protect it .
 i had this radio for 1 day and it is the best i have ever hadthe noise reduction unit helps me pick up signals from up to 5 miles not four Five miles it is the best investment to buy two rite away !
 I HAD THIS THING FOR ONE DAY AND IT TURN MY LIFE AROUND I GET UP TO 5 MILES RANGE ON THE RADIO THANKS ALOT COBRA FOR MAKING A GREAT RADIO 10-4
 Heavy unit , I bought it at a great price . Worth it at $ 50
 This purchase exceeded my expectations , with this item i can control my Ipod thru the receiver and view all the tracks etc on my TV screen.Oh did i mention the clarity of the music ...
 this item works great and is easy to use . when your i-pod is plugged in you can control it with the remote . very nice
 The Yamaha YDS-10 Universal IPOD Dock is great ! Just plug it in to our receiver and it works ! What a concept . Kudos to Amazon , too . Best Buy was selling this for $ 92.00 , about 2 1/2 times more than I paid for it through Amazon .
 Works and looks as expected . Easy to hook up , great looking and cheap . Its a got to have if you own an ipod !
 Connects nicely to some Yamaha receivers to manage your iPod in your TV ; songs are shown in the receiver .
 Bought this item for my sister this past Christmas and she absolutely loves it ! Plug & Play with her Yamaha receiver and allows her to play her music from her iPod Nano through their integrated home stereo/intercom system in every room ! Was on sale for $ 35.00 around Christmas time !
 The IPOD dock is a wonderful addition to my home theater system . It 's very small and sleek . The controls on my Yamaha remote are easy to use with this device . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 This product played through my new Yamaha actually improves the sound of my recordings ! How wonderful !!
 Yamaha is not about flashy , they are about the sound . The dock does that , it works great , sounds very nice , not hard to set up .
 Great add-on for the Yamaha receiver ! It is nice to be able to display your playlists and songs on the television screen and control with the remote control . Well worth the money .
 With over 8,000 songs on my Ipod I could n't imagine NOT adding this dock to my new Yamaha Surround Sound Receiver . It works just as advertised . One feature that puts it ahead of previous `` docks '' I 've used is that the controls -LRB- wheel -RRB- on the Ipod itself still operate while the thing is docked . The `` on screen display '' to my LCD TV is not as `` pretty '' as I would have liked , but it gives you all the information you want ; and song titles `` scroll '' on the front display of the receiver as well . It also charges the Ipod while it is docked . I do n't have any videos on my Ipod yet , so I ca n't say what will happen with that in the `` on screen '' mode . But since I just wanted it for my music , it is superb .
 What a great idea for the ipod ! Sounds great ; remote controls the ipod functions too .
 This dock is perfect for my Yamaha receiver . It allows the receiver to control my iPod Nano completely , and the sound is great . I use it with a harmony 890 and wireless extender , so I can control my iPod from any room in the house .
 Great addition to home surround sound !! Music sounds incredible ... price was the best I have seen . If you are an avid iPod person , this is a must have !!
 Great plug and play item . EXCEPTIONAL price on Amazon ! Was about 1/2 of what I could find it for elsewhere . Charges your iPod , and allows playback through your receiver . Is weighted to prevent it from tipping over , or moving around when you handle your iPod . Have not messed around with the video and on-screen functions yet ... looks a bit tricky through the Yamaha receiver -LRB- not terribly user friendly -RRB- . At this price ... this really is a must-have , and beats those earphone jack cables running into the receiver !
 While yes you do have to read 3 sections of the AMP manual to figure it all out . Once it was working - it works like a charm .
 I am actually using this Yamaha / IPOD dock with my iPhone andit works perfectly . Even though nowhere does it say that itactually works with the iPhone , it does.I am able to watch the latest and greatest YouTube ! videos , my personal videos , look at photos and play any music loadedon my iPhone without a problem . I also like the fact thatmy phone is charging while in the base.Great product and fairly easy to set up .
 The way you want your on-line ordered product . Review , order , receive , plug in - > works . Graphical interface is a little simple and we 're looking forward to future generations featuring a full color OSD including the album covers . Other minus may be the price .
 This dock gets the job done but it is not all that pretty . 1 . Make sure you have your video cable plugged in correctly -LRB- that would have saved me a lot of time ... like making sure your lawnmower has gas in it before taking it to the mechanic because it wo n't start -RRB- . 2 . The tuner manual says nothing about having to put it on `` source '' instead of `` amp '' like is says in the user guide . I spent about an hour reading instructions and this website before I got it to work properly and even after that I wasnt blown away . Looks like some font from the eighty 's or something . But like I said I have owned three different Ipod docks and if you have a yamaha tuner I think once you get it to work this is the way to go . Sound quality is great . Good luck with setting it up ... just make sure you set aside an hour of your day to get it working ...
 It could 've been better , like other reviewers had pointed out.I got mine today , hooked it up while i followed the extra instructions that some of you have provided , thanks .
 Bought this for my Yamaha RX-V2700 home theater system . Reviews here note some of the issues with this product and how it works with receivers . Be aware that some of these issues are not a fault of this product , but of the receiver / remote / iPod.For example , how the Yamaha remote works with the iPod and the dock is a function of the remote - not the dock . Yamaha uses a slider to switch between the various components . The iPod is no different , it 's just another component to manage.And yes , the menu system could be better , but it 's a result of communication with the iPod . That is , the iPod limits this . The iPod menu system design is good for iPods , but bad for a larger display.By the way , as a tip , to get a Logitech Harmony remote to work with the iPod dock , you need to record the RAW codes from the Yamaha remote . That did the trick.But the YDS-10 dock itself ? Well , I plugged it into my Yamaha receiver , plugged my iPod into the dock and played and played and played ... With the RX-V2700 ability to enhance MP3 sound , the results were very sweet .
 Dock works as advertised . For me it was basically plug and play with my RX V661 reciever .
 I paired this with a Yamaha AirSurround system -LRB- ASIN : B000V7H1HC -RRB- < ASIN : B000V7H1HC > , and it worked instantly , without any additional configuration . You plug in the cable to the subwoofer system , the other to the dock , and use the appropriate plastic cover for the dock . The iPod goes in , and you press `` dock '' on the remote . Done . You navigate the iPod menu using the remote or , if you want , the iPod itself.The sound is extremely good due to the native connection to the iPod . You might need to adjust sound levels if you have uneven recording levels , but the remote does a very good job of leveling sound when needed . The subwoofer portion does a reasonable job of trying to produce some of the low tones , but I suggest you experiment with the Dolby sound processing to find the best reproduction for your room . On the whole , you get a fair value and a very easy-to-use solution.-C
 I bought a new Yamaha receiver and got this from here . Very happy with it . The receiver recognized that it was hooked up , I plugged in my iPod and voila - it works . It has a rather long cable which is nice . I keep it `` hidden '' at the back of the receiver and then pull it out when I want to listen to the iPod .
 I absolutely love this and if you want to listen to your Ipod through your reciever and be able to control it with the remote you will to . This has made it so easy and I would recomend this to anyone with and Ipod and a Yamaha reciever !!!
 Whow would n't want one of these ? It charges and the sound is great through the dock . You can use the remote to scroll through your iPod , so you do n't have to get up . Great purchase .
 I have been pleased with my Yahama ipod dock . I downloaded all our CDs onto our ipod and now play them on our stereo system by using the dock . It 's really nice to not have all those CDs taking up storage space . However , I think all ipod docking stations are a bit over priced .
 This product works excellent . I was going o buy an audio cable to connect my Ipod to my reciever . Iseen this product at a stereo dealer and decided to go this route . The price locally was $ 109.00 . I was searching the net and found the same identical item on Amazon.com for half price . Could ` nt be happier .
 with the Yamaha receiver this unit was easy to hook up and works great .
 Bought this item quite a while ago but Amazon wants me to review so I will . It hooked right up to my Yamaha AX-V661 receiver and works great . It will charge your Ipod as well . Glad I purchased it .
 All I did was plug it in and it worked great . The sound quality is great through the Yamaha system I have .
 Very happy with the product . Too bad my Yamaha remote control does n't have a wheel on it .
 While it would have been jice for Yamaha to include I-POD dock with the speaker bar , the product works as advertised with the speaker bar and the cost was very reasonable compared to other dealers for this specialty item with limited availability .
 The concept of the IPOD dock is simply great . I was surprised to learn that it is an available option AFTER we bought the receiver . It 's such an important accessory , that one would think the Yamaha marketing folks would have included it in the point of sale materials . Go figure.Anyway , it is simple to install and easy to use . I would definitely recommend it to anyone with an IPOD.Playing music from the IPOD is certainly easier than selecting CD 's to play and then inserting them into a CD changer.Now that we have the IPOD dock , we may no longer need to have a multi-CD / DVD player . When it comes time to upgrade to a Blue-ray , we may only need the single CD/DVD player which will $ ave a few shekels .
 This product works great with my Yamaha receiver , Amazon did a great job delivering this product in a day and half . I rate Amazon.com as the # 1 company for fast delivery and product quality.Yamaha YDS-10 Universal iPod Dock for Select Yamaha Home Theater Receivers
 Purchased for use with Yamaha receiver and very simple to use . Just plug and play - that simple . Works great .
 great match for your yamaha receiver . interfaces perfectly with your ipod.no lag or freeze ups . video quality is good .
 If you have an iPod and a Yamaha receiver this product is a must . The dock plugs into reciever and can be operated through the unit 's remote control . The dock also serves as a charger .
 It 's very cool that it displays the song on the TV screen . I ca n't get it to show when playing on shuffle though .
 This dock works great with my receiver . I tried a different dock prior to using this which had a poor sound quality -LRB- analog -RRB- . Sound quality with this dock is excellent .
 Displays song information but no search ability . Adding a search function would give it a five star . Overall a good value .
 I guess you ca n't say anything better than -- works exactly as advertised . Quick set-up with my Yamaha 2700 receiver . I highly recommend buying online b/c I 'd have to lower the number of stars if I paid retail .
 this is a great way to listen to your ipod on your yamaha receiver . the yamaha amp i have allows you to control your ipod with a remote and view the ipod screen on your television . i highly recommend it !
 Great product that enables user to control Ipod through Yamaha receiver and supplied remote -LRB- with receiver -RRB- . The playlist shows up on the TV screen with control over audio . The video menu will not show on the TV screen.Vey easy to use and a great product !!!!
 The Yamaha YDS-10 was the recommended dock for my Yamaha receiver ; it works seemlessly - just plug in , switch to the proper input , and the iPod plays . The sound quality has been top notch . It is a simple product , and I have been very satisfied as I appreciate the ease of use .
 The Yamaha YDS10 Universal iPod Dock works well with my Yamaha RX-E410 receiver . It was easy to connect and works seamlessly with my iPod .
 I echo the other reviewers ' thoughts for the most part . I 'm very pleased with the sound quality , especially compared to listening to my iPod through a cassette adapter in my car . Since I notice missing portions of music resulting from compression , and since I have high-quality home speakers , I was relieved to hear the good -LRB- but not audiophile -RRB- sound quality.In addition to the other reviewers ' tips on getting video to work , I 'd like to offer my own . Since my DVR is directly connected to my TV via component video cable , I had no video cable connecting my receiver to the TV . Thus I hooked up a spare yellow-tipped composite cable from the Monitor Out jack on the receiver to a `` video in '' jack on the TV and got video . Quality is just fine.Overall , a great product to have , particularly at Amazon 's amazing price !
 The YDS-10 is an excellent ipod dock for my yamaha stereo . I needed a simple device to let me listen to my music via surround sound stereo . If you have you music at higher quaility save , you can hear a big difference . Fast shipping .
 The yamaha yds-10 universal iPod Dock works great . it plugs right into my Yamaha receiver and does just what it 's supposed to do -- connect my iPod to my receiver . The audio is very good and a video I purchased off iTunes plays decently through a 37-inch hi def set . I say `` decently '' because it 's not crystal clear but it 's OK . The only caveat is this
 Used to plug into my Yahmaha receiver , worked perfectly and was easy to install .
 Easy to connect , GUI display is clear and easily readable from a distance , and the remote of my Yamaha RX-V2700 is responsive . You can select the option to charge as well . You have to enable video output to see the video on another monitor.The only thing it DOES NOT seem to do , is to go the next level up from music i.e. video , photos -LRB- via the remote -RRB- . You can manually watch video/photos -LRB- if you have those features on your ipod -RRB- by physically using the click-wheel and then you can stop/start the video with the remote . That last shortcoming prevents it from attaining a `` 5 '' .
 This product works great ! I can view songs , artists and playlists on my TV screen just as advertised . It was very easy to set up . I highly recommend this product .
 Yamaha 's iPod dock works just as advertised . Installation is a `` no-brainer '' . . have it hooked up to Yamaha 's RXV-3800 receiver . Dollar-value is excellent , I heartily recommend this to anyone looking to integrate their iPod music with their home audio systems .
 The YDS-10 allows me to use my iPod very nicely on my Yamaha receiver . So far I 've used it only with the iPod in manual mode where I control the iPod from the controls of the iPod itself . In this mode everything has worked flawlessly - playing , charging , sound quality has been excellent . Ca n't comment on the remote control operation however as i have n't had a need to try it .
 I 'll write my review later , but right now I have a question for those who got this to work . First of all , I got the audio working just fine , sounds great coming through my speakers . However , how do you guys get the song/menu to display on your tv ? I 've been screwing around for a half hour w/o success . How does the receiver take the ipod data and send it to your tv ? I just do n't get it . What 's happening now is my tv is on but there is no picture , or , if I have my PS3 on , the PS3 menus are up . How do I see the Ipod stuff ? Here 's my setup : Yamaha V661 receiverSony PS3Ipod Video -LRB- 30 gig -RRB- Sony SXRD Projection TV
 If your looking for a ipod booming system.And you have a yamaha surround sound , this is for.This is just a connection.whatever sound your system lets out thats what your going to get.Mind is fantasti . I enjoy it very much.Great for partys !
 Excellent customer service , great communication , highly recommend this seller , I would definitely purchase from this seller again , A + + + + + + + + .
 works well for audio . but does not display pictures and videos from the ipod on the TV screen
 Overall , this is a great product that I 'm glad I bought online - normal retail would be too much . Very easy to install and use , though a more detailed manual would be good , particularly about using the onscreen menu controls . Sound quality is pretty good , though I 'm hearing lots of drive noise and high frequency static whenever I switch songs . Might try wiggling the connection cable some more to see if that helps . The onscreen interface could be more ipod-like , but all in all this is a good buy .
 Took a bit to figure out the video part , but now I love it !
 I just got this iPod dock for my RX-V659 . Popped it open . Plugged it in . And spent the next hour trying to figure out how to make it work ! The instructions that come with it are really terse . All they say is to plug it in and put your iPod in it . Perhaps I 'm the only on who struggled with this set up . . but in the event that there are others , I thought I 'd give some additional instructons . Here are a few things you should know -LRB- that could save you an hour ! -RRB- .1 . You have to program your Yamaha receiver 's remote with a code in order to control the iPod . Instructions for this operation are in the way-back of your receiver 's owner 's manual . Which has 3 separate sections on how to use an iPod . The first section for me was on p. 24 . The second somewhere around p. 100 and the third p. on 108 . You need all three section to make it work ! 2 . After you program the code ... here 's the tricky part . . and I did n't see this in either the YDS-10 manual or the RX-V659 manual ... here goes
 I recently purchased this & could n't get the video to work on my television ... I 'm including an emailed response that I received from Yamaha ... it works great , but you need to set the Video Setting on your IPOD to ASK.Note from Yamaha ... Please make sure you set up your remote to control the Ipod . Please seeyour receiver 's owners manual for the instructions . -LRB- Using the Ipod . -RRB- Insert the Ipod into the dock and turn it on so you can see the menu in the Ipod 's screen . -LRB- The remote should control the Ipod at this point . -RRB- **** Under the video settings on your Ipod you will need to set the TV out to on or ask . -LRB- If plan to view videos on the Ipod and via the receiver we recommend you set it to ask . -RRB- Navigate to the desired videoclip and play it . It should now display the video on your TV . *** When you are done watching videos and want to listen to music just press the display button on the Yamaha remote control and it will load the menu onto your TVIf you have any more questions please contact are toll free customer service line for assistance . 1 -LRB-800-RRB-292-2982 Hours
 If you own a Yamaha receive that can accept this dock , I would highly recommend it . To be able to control my iPod with my remote on my 46 '' Sony LCD is like a dream come true . Just plug it into the receiver and follow the simple steps in the manual and there it is . It also recharges the iPod . I do n't own a video iPod , but you can even play back video through this dock ! An amazing little addition !
 This is a nice , inexpensive addition to your home A/V system if you own an iPod . Being able to instantly access the 1000 's of songs on your iPod and having them playback on REAL speakers instead of those portable speaker systems is awesome.I have a Touch and everything works as advertised , except you apparently ca n't play back video from your iPod to your TV like you can with earlier generation iPods . But I knew that going in , and I bought this just for the music aspect.Once you know the few key points required to get this going -LRB- programming VAUX code for iPod , switching remote switch to SOURCE to control iPod -RRB- , everything is easy.I have the RX-V659 and the Music Enhancer feature makes the music sound fuller , which is a nice option.All in all a great little product . The only reason for not getting 5 stars are nits
 There is not a lot to this device . Simply plug the wire that comes with it into your yamaha amplifier and receiver and away you go . The ipod gets charged , and on my receiver I can even select the song to play via the on-screen GUI on the TV .
 If you have an ipod and a compatible receiver this is a must have at a great price . The retail shops are selling this for about $ 100 . It is easy to control and the video quality is awesome . The only reason i did not give it 5 starts is because you can not control the entire ipod items from the remote . Only the music menu is present . If you want to watch a video you will have to choose the video on unit and make sure TV out is selected .
 The YDS-10 works very well , It has two ways to work , both with the Yamaha remote control . In the first one , the remote control works directly with the ipod without TV menu . In this option you can see the ipod videos in the TV.In the second one , you have to press the DISPLAY button in the remote control and you enjoy the TV navigation menu , similar to see the ipod in the TV screen . It allow you to control de ipod with the same remote control and from your seat . In this case there is not option to see video in TV.I have an RX-V861 , in this receiver Yamaha share the iPOD port with the AUX -LRB- in front -RRB- port , it is a very good option , because I can exchange iPOD or a Video camera in the same selection point without problem . The iPod has precedence , then you need to unplug the ipod in order to use the AUX port . It is a good option to has six video devices connected to five input options in this receiver .
 I got this dock for a couple of reasons
 Good purchase . Work great as it allows us to easily listen to our Ipod and not have to work about the battery running down .
 Works great . Allows you to controll the I-pod from the reciever remote . Only catch was that it took me a while to figure out how to get video to play . Turns out there is a setting on the I-pod itself that has to be changed for Video to show ` external ' to the i-pod . Nothing about this in the Docking station decumentation , one of my neighbor 's kids told me about it .
 Easy as expected . The Yamaha RX V 2700 system has full control over the IPOD . Excellent sound quality .
 The product worked right away when I plugged it in . The on screen display is functional but not the prettiest . It also does n't show all of the same categories as are on my iPod such as Podcasts . They are in with all the rest of my music .
 I ordered this so that I could play my iPOD music on my new Yamaha AV receiver . It was easy to install and the receiver remote allow me to do the same control as I do as at the iPOD itself . Great product !!!
 Works great with Yamaha remote . Took a little reading with the manual to work all the functions on the iPOD . This unit replaced my DLO Home Dock Deluxe . The Yamaha does all the same things as the DLO only you use the remote with your home theater unit .
 Easy installation and adequate instructions . 5th star would have been $ 20 cheaper and the ability to page through the listings rather than having to lean on the forward search button .
 It a plug and play item no problem . I would add that I would have like to have seen the docking station come in black .
 I think that this is a great point and shoot camera . It has great quality pictures , and I think that the camera is a nice size and has a nice feel to it . There are no complicated controls , and the zoom is fine . The film door is not unsmooth or anything , its just a little tougher .
 Works great with the Cb Radio K30 35 Inch Magnet Mount Antenna I purchased to go along with it . I travel alot on the interstates and use it in my 2004 Chevy Trail Blazer ... it gets around 5 + miles out sometimes more ... it 's a good heads up of traffic accidents ahead to where I can start planning to go around by getting off one exit - going around the accident - and then getting on another exit and continuing my drive ... plus I can confirm whether an accident happened or it 's just a temporary slow down in one lane ... makes the entire trip much safer ... plus you can hear about speed traps ahead way before any detector will notify you ... `` instant on '' and `` laser '' ca n't be detected soon enough ... but word of mouth can reach out and warn you ... not that I support speeding ... I just hate to be delayed and this set up works great !
 This radio works very well and is very easy to install . I like it very much as you can move it from vehicle to vehicle in just a few minutes .
 I purchased this as a gift over xmas , so I have no real review other than I would buy one for myself . Familiar w/the brand and it 's use as I have used them for years . Seems it would be good for most any application , 4WD off road keep in contact with others in a group when 4W ` ing . ATV ` ing . Easier to use and to install . No bulky unit to try and stuff under today 's plastic dashboards .
 I am probably one of a few people that have `` run '' CB radios for years . In a real emergency , `` right now '' on the highway , to be able to talk to , warn other drivers of emergency incidents , the CB is what you need . Cell phones are needed also and I have one , but if your battery is dead , the phone service is out , or in a `` dead '' reception area , then what ? Recently bought a compact SUV . Not many , if any , places to mount a CB . So bought this one . All the controls are on the mic . The actual unit on this Cobra 75WXST are in a compact unit , which measures about 1 X 2 X 3 inches . Mounted it very easily in console storage compartment with a couple screws . Amazon was the best price anywhere . Usual price is about $ 139 .
 I 've had one of these for years , and the only noticeable negative I 've found is that the speaker volume is n't loud enough for an old guy in a noisy truck . That was cured by adding a plug-in remote speaker .
 I was using a Midland 75-822 but did not like the engine noise through the unit and the number of wires when using car adapter . The Midland has a much better internal speaker and the output is at legal limits from the factory with punchy audio . The 75WXST only was at 2.5 watts out of a legal 4 . Modulation was weak as well . After tuning this unit to four watt output and modulation in the 90 % range it gets out well and sounds punchy.Pros
 E X C E L L E N TE X C E L L E N TVERY EXCELLENT
 i bought this because in my newer truck there is little room to add any more electronics and i also liked the idea of having the cb hidden from prying eyes , this was perfect of all of that , install was simple , literally two wires and the ant . cable , rx has been good , with out tuning anything i was able to rx about 8 ~ 10 miles out to the lumber mill down the road , though i am going to have to do some RFI work to sort out everything else in the truck , the box you have to mount behind the dash or location of choice is only a few inches big rectangular box , i managed to fit mine behind my h/u in my 4runner and everything is completely hidden until actually in use , my one complaint is i wish someone made a little case to carry the mic around in , as i plan on installing the remote boxes in another one of my trucks an simply carry the mic from truck to truck , i simply bought this for trail runs and communicating with in a small group for my needs it 's perfect if your looking for something long distance get your ham licenses
 Loved this . I have one and also purchased on for my father . Not many placed to install a CB in my truck and this allowed me to install the small box under the seat for the power and antenna hookup with everything else contained in the handset . Quality great , features great . I would buy more of these and will .
 Had one of this before . so it was a no brainer when I bought other one . It is easy to install . It is designed for small spaces . It is easy to use , the directions or great . If you need a extra speaker it has plug for it .
 I am very impressed with the sound quality with this CB . My friends and I purchased a few of these to put in our cars because we do long road trips , and it 's nice to get information and communicate without cell service . I can not comment on the range because just putting the antenna in the trunk is sufficient for what we do -LRB- a couple miles distance between cars at most - usually several hundred feet -RRB- . I can hear truckers many miles away , but I have n't checked to see if they can hear me.The unit itself mounts easily on the dash of your car . I was a bit surprised at how thick and weighty the handset itself is . It 's kind of nice to have something solid , so I am happy .
 We use the unit in a Corvette , and there is no convenient place to mount a regular CB ; the Cobra solves that problem nicely . We had the local stereo shop install a cigarette lighter plug on the Cobra power cord so we just plug it into a lighter outlet . The built in speaker is rather weak , we bought a Cobra S500 external speaker that sits on the shelf behind the driver seat and works very well . The volume and squelch controls are sometimes moved by accident when handling the unit . We removed the hanger stud on the back of the unit and put a piece of fuzzy velcro there , a mating piece of hook velcro on top of the console keeps the unit handy . These units seem rather short-lived , ours are heavily used about 2 weeks per year but just sit in the car the rest of the time , two previous units both died at 3 years.Summary - not perfect , but the best solution available for our situation .
 This CB radio is excellent !!! It is great for small spaces and perfect for all-in-one conditions !
 seems to operate ok ... i like the ease of the hand held unit , however i did n't need the exta , s i ordered with this unit , which were the connector box and antenna 's . the place i had install the units had better -LRB- more what i needed -RRB- items . .
 I have n't tried a lot of CBs or even various hand held ones but this works for me . I have n't used many of the features but it helped me know something about road conditions . The recent waves of bad weather and several long trips make this a nice thing to have along .
 Easy to install , convenient to use . Not as powerful as I expected ; but , it is adequate .
 Cobra has always produce excellent equipment . This one eliminated the need to mount the typical radio under the dash or eat up alot of other space .
 PUT UNIT IN MY MODEL A FORD , LOVE IT . DOES EVERYTHING I NEED .
 This is definately NOT a professional unit . Its great for the occasional CB ` er . We noticed about a 1 mile range on our whip antenna which is mounted on top of our motorhome . Probably could get better range with better antenna . Dont need more than that . Easy to hookup and VERY CLEAN look - that is my favorite part . Internal speaker is `` ok '' but not for the hard of hearing .
 Overall I am pleased with the performance of this radio once I got it tuned properly . However , my one complaint is that the controls are somewhat difficult to adjust , particularly volume and squelch .
 I already knew the quality of this unit . The purchase was easy and delivered sooner than promised .
 I do n't use the Cobra 75 WXST that often . Its very hard to use . The reception is not that good . I now have some nerve problems in my hand so manipulating the buttons is a bit harder for me now . Seeing and trying to read all the buttons is ahrd too . It has some weight to it , but its not bad . Occasionally it falls or drops down on the floor . I think it is the heavy and hard coated cord that causes that . Its not very flexible , very tightly coiled to.The NOAH Weather Alert channel is nice . I run a thin wire around the round knob on the back and drape the wire around the head light switch on the dashboard rather than use the CB hanging clip . Sound quality we thought was okay , but we hook up an external speaker as it is mounted up over the centerpillar molding behind the driver seat.I have about 4 regular CB radio 's I use throughout the summer while traveling . Two of them I inherited when relatives died . I probably should of passed on buying the Cobra 57 WXST.What is nice is the receiver box or what ever its called that you connect the cord to can be hidden under the seat or the dashboard . But the complaint here is the way some of the cars -LRB- My Buick -RRB- are constructed today to make it impossible to reach under a seat to connect the cord .
 The Cobra 75 WX ST Weatherband CB provides an incredible amount of functionality in a very small package . Installation is fast and easy - with a couple tools , your antenna mounted , and little skill , you can have this radio up and running in an hour or two.CB radios are limited to low-power broadcasting at 4 watts or less . This radio provides maximum power allowed by law and is capable of some pretty incredible range under the right conditions . With a properly tuned , high-quality antenna , I have had coversations with others using the same radio up to 9 miles away . Under normal circumstances , 1-2 miles is more realistic.As for features , this one has several : - Scan -LRB- all 40 channels in sequence -RRB- - Dual Scan -LRB- two channels of your choice -RRB- - Memory - Lock -LRB- so the hand controls do n't get reset by accident -RRB- - Weatherband -LRB- 10 NOAA frequencies -RRB- - Last 3 channels - SoundTracker -LRB- like Dolby noise reduction -RRB- I use mine in a 1999 Jeep Wrangler where there is little extra space for another device . It fits perfectly on my console with the small box hidden away inside.I can listen to truckers while I am on the highway , talk to my friends when we go off-highway , or scan the channels for both when driving to and from the trails . In the two years I have used mine , it has never given me any problems . It is very sturdy and should stand up to hard use.I purchased the optional external speaker so that it would be easier to hear but many people find the unit works well right out of the box!There might be bigger , badder CB 's out there , but this one is a peach !
 After looking at multiple CB systems , I finally decided upon this little number for a few reasons.Originally , I wanted a CB that would fit in my dash above my radio -LRB- I drive a 4Runner -RRB- so the CB would look nice and integrated . I was told by many installers that I did n't have enough depth in my empty slot above the radio . One installer recommended this CB , but I was skeptical about the small , all-inclusive package . One thing I did like about this CB right from the start was that it 's easy to hide from view , thus reducing any potential break-in for my CB or my Radio . When I 'm not using this CB I slide it under the front seat and it 's completely hidden and does n't bother any passengers . Another HUGE benefit to this radio that I did n't discover until I used it was that everything is on the handset , which means that everything can be adjusted VERY easily while driving . In fact , after a few uses , you 'll know all the buttons , so you no longer have to take your eyes of the road or bend over to grab the radio or change channels . I just keep the radio next to my leg and operate it without have to move or look away.I use a 6ft magnetic mount/unscrewable whip Wilson antenna . With direct line-of-sight , I can get about 11 miles , significantly farther than I had expected . In actual use , I get about 4 miles or so . Also , I typically only use it on the highway.The weather band has been especially nice . I 've driven all throughout the south from Arizona to Florida and I 've been able to pick up weather stations almost everywhere.I had my doubts at first with this unit , but after having used it for two years , I 've come to really love it . I would definitely but this CB again . --------------- 6 years of use update ---------------- This CB still works great and I 've had absolutely no problems with it . It 's very much a quality product . Like I said years ago , I keep the CB under the passenger seat when not in use , so it does slide around a bit and gets knocked around from time-to-time . But still , with 6 years of that kind of abuse , it still works flawlessly .
 After researching CB radios to put in my 4x4 for an extended 3 week road trip/off road trip , I purchased this CB radio 1 1/2 years ago because it takes up very little space and it has all of the controls conveniently integerated into the handset/speaker . -LRB- perfect for manual transmission drivers like me -RRB- Also , it has a weather radio -LRB- which picks up transmissions from the National Weather Service around the US -RRB- , which some other models I considered did not have . If you travel around the country , you will use the weather radio function occasionally . The CB itself also works great , of course - I traveled with a large group and was on the CB all day long and the speaker is clear and loud in my noisy vehicle . Gadget lovers , there is not a CB radio out there as cool , completely functional , and space saving as this one - perfect for those who do not want to drill into their vehicle to mount a large cb unit , the `` box '' for this unit is about double the size of a box of matches , tiny enough to easily fit under any dashboard or in a glovebox , out of sight from thieves and out of your way . And because all of the controls are on the handset you will be a safer driver as you do not have to take your eyes off the road to adjust the cb controls . The quality and finish and value of the unit is excellent - this CB is a total winner - I wish I could give it higher than a 5 star rating - if you need a CB , get this one !
 First , a little about my background . I am an amateur radio operator -LRB- ham radio -RRB- , and an electrical engineer . So , I know a little about radios . I got another car , and decided to put a two-meter mobile and a CB in it . Since the 2M mobile takes up all available space for mounting a radio , I decided to choose this model as my CB . I have had it going for a few days now and it seems to work just fine . The advantages of this model , besides the obvious one of being easier to mount , is that it also includes weather reception , a scan mode , and an actual frequency display -LRB- a rarity among normal legal CB 's -RRB- . About the only bad points that I can see is that the unit itself is somewhat large and looks awkward on my dash , the speaker does not sound fantastic -LRB- but not too bad considering the size -RRB- , the knobs are a little difficult to adjust while still attached to the dash , and the cable is coiled and flexible but it is so thick that you have to really tug on it to get it to extend . The thing that amazes me is the marketing hype . The `` soundtracker '' technology is close to useless . If you power on the radio without and antenna , soundtracker sounds great . However , if you turn it on with an antenna attached while truckers are talking all over the state , soundtracker does nothing for that type of noise . The problem is that , with CB , you never really get quiet conditions . If soundtracker is so great , why even include a button to turn it off ? Why not just leave it on all the time ? Soundtracker also claims to increase the transmission strength . There is really only one way to transmit at full legal power . If soundtracker does actually improve transmission , that means that they intentionally crippled transmit when soundtracker is turned off . So , the whole soundtracker thing smells to me like a bunch of marketing hype . This is still a good choice for a CB , though , if you can not mount a regular-sized unit in your vehicle . Just make sure to get a good antenna . I chose a Larsen designed for 11-meter usage in an NMO mount .
 I have installed this CB in three vehicles over the past three years .2002 Jeep
 Being a member of a local Miata club , it is very common for our club runs to use CB 's as the form of communication . Being in a Miata also means there is not a lot of spare room for such things . After talking to other members and reviews online , I felt this would do everything I needed and then some . The biggest asset is not having a large `` box '' that would need to be mountet and left in the car . The second biggest reason I also chose this unit was I needed a CB for our Cherokee 4x4 . By being able to buy a second `` connection '' box for ~ $ 25 , I can use the main unit in two vehicles without the full expense of two CB 's . Hookup is easy with a power , ground and antanna connections . The plug for the main unit to the connection box can be run from undernieth the dash or console or mounted in a hole with the supplied mounting plate and grommet . I used a `` blank out '' panel -LRB- unused switch location -RRB- in the dash so if I ever remove it , I can just replace this panel with no ill effects . I drilled a hole in the panel , the same size as the mounting plate and used the supplied grommet in this panel , not using the mounting plate . It is a very clean installation and when the handheld unit is removed , you never know there was a CB in the vehicle.The BIGGEST thing to remember for ANY CB is proper antanna tuning and a quality antanna . Without this , it does n't matter how good the CB is . How important is tuning ? I tuned my antanna for the best SWR readings I could get , which were very good and in our last club run , I was the only person who could talk and receive from everyone in the group.I am very happy with this product and am looking forward to getting it setup in our Cherokee as well .
 I got this radio as a birthday gift from my wife back in March . It 's been a long time since I 've had a CB and I really like this one 's features especially the scanning and duel watch features and the ability to easily move it between vehicles . This week the speaker in the handset died on me also . However , this unit has a two-year warrantee so I do n't understand another commentor 's remark that when his unit broke down it would cost more to have it repaired that the unit originally cost . As I was driving to the warrantee center , the speaker came back on , but the sound was very scratchy . It was n't `` off frequency , '' it 's just that the speaker was faulty . The repair center replaced the speaker in about a half hour and now everything works fine . You may want to go to the Cobra Electronics web site -LRB- Cobra.Com -RRB- and see if a warrantee center -LRB- not just a dealer -RRB- is near you if you have any concerns about this unit 's speaker . I would have given this radio 5 stars if it had n't been for the speaker problem .
 I was skeptical about this transceiver - mainly because of my concerns about the quality of the speaker . The sound is rich -LRB- considering the size -RRB- , and I have no problem listening to clear voice transmission . The radio is legally as powerful as any . The unit mounts in a variety of ways . I choose to mount it under my console . I was amazed at the SoundTracker feature ! This is the best CB radio i have owned over quite a few years of CBing . It is quiet , and offers scan and weather broadcast . The only thing I could dig up to fuss about is the size of the unit . The handheld component is a bit large and somewhat heavy , but it is understood that it is as compact as possible . The whole system is housed in the mic . You ca n't get a better unit and the price is very fair , too .
 A very compact CB and very easy to install . I would definitely recommend this CB to anyone with limited space .
 I bought and installed this in my wife 's pickup almost 6 years ago now , just prior to a cross country trip . It 's still mounted in the truck and still working great .
 We have been using this model for many years . Used in Jeep for off road activity , car for easy communication while traveling with others . Motorhome while caravaning in a group . Car to motorhome is a great tool while husband is parking the motorhome in a camp site , I can guide him with the cb in the car . A good antenna is necessary for clear reception . Hubby hooked up to all these vehicles , including antennas , and he is sometimes electronically challenged : - -RRB- Only negitive is that they sometimes -LRB- seldom -RRB- change channels when turned off ??? spiradic and only breifly annoying .
 I bought this as part of my preparation for my first Jeep Jamboree . CB radios are the primary method of communication on Jeep Jamborees because cell reception is almost non-existent on many trails out in the wilderness . This radio worked flawlessly during the +12 hours I spent driving on many of the trails in the San Juan mountains -LRB- near Ouray , CO -RRB- . We drove a total 3,010 miles as part of this vacation and this CB radio also worked well on the various highways and interstates we were on . Finally , I really liked the small size of this radio , which made it real easy to hide under the seat while made several frequent stops for food , fuel , and lodging .
 This radio was purchased for an RV . The installation was simple and so far it appears to work well without any adjustment . The package is small and it seems to be well made . The speaker is so-so , an external speaker may help with sound . Very good application for area with little room . Small box to mount under dash is very light so small screws or adhesive tape can hold in place . Many good reviews for compact CB within and outside of Amazon . Best price found at Amazon . Packaged well for shipment .
 I have been using this for a couple months on my Honda Rincon Quad and its amazing . Great sound and reception with my ground mounted CB antenna . Just Got ta Keep It From getting soaked . Easy to disconnect Mic when not in use .
 I had this CB in my Toyota Tacoma , which I sold in 2007 . It is probably the best CB for limited space environments . The microphone/control head attaches to the connector box which is about the size of the palm of your hand . My connector box was under the seat . The controls are easy to use and see.I connected an external speaker , the connector box has a plug for it . the speaker is in the mic , so it needs to be adjusted depending on whether or not you holding it close or have it stowed .
 This is a great product if you are looking for a cb that is compact and quickly removable by the user . i have tried many CB 's and i love this one . install was very simple . I 'm using it in my 2008 Jeep.Pros : compact unitexternal speaker featureeasy installquick detach feature easy to usewhen detached the average person would not know you have a cb install except for the antena showingEasy to use featurescons : the base unit has a short cable leading to the mic quick detachment connection , hence you have to secure the base somewhere close to the end of your cb antena cable.I would consider buying this unit again.Thomas
 this is a great product that takes up much less room and works well . i would definitely buy this product again if needed
 I installed this CB in a newer Jeep Wrangler -LRB- JK -RRB- . The hand-held size is great & the `` brains '' of the unit tucks away nicely & comes with groments to stub out the hook up to provide a real slick install . I added an external speaker from Radio Shack -LRB- around $ 20 -RRB- & they work well together . I 'd highly reccommend this unit
 After years away from using a C.B. Decided to once again give it a try.The 75 is a very good well designed compact unit offering all the features without the clutter . Only thing missing is a P.A. jack if you are so inclined.Easy install.Great if space is limited .
 I bought this radio and the Cobra 1500 antenna . Both arrived 2 days later in perfect condition . Assembly , installation , and first use were a piece of cake . Could n't have been easier . Since this is a CB radio , not a ham radio , the power is restricted to 4 watts . Therefore it was easy to install and power up using a cigarette lighter plug . This makes the whole rig easily portable from one vehicle to another .
 If the unit had a better speaker I would give it 5 stars . The off and on knob is a little difficult to turn with one hand while driving . Reception and transmission is excellent . I have a Wilson `` Little Will '' magnetic mount antenna fixed to the top of the tool box in the bed of my truck . The SWR 's were very easy to set and almost perfect as was out of the box . A slight adjustment to the height of the antenna and I am at 1.1 to 1 at channel 19 . I am receiving transmissions up to twelve miles away and I am transmitting up to eight miles regularly . I added a external speaker which greatly improved my ability to understand transmissions . The speaker in the radio does not provide as much clarity as I would like .
 This radio has the same features that most $ 300 + radios have , yet it 's less than $ 100 . The full channel scanning and DualWatch work great and to be such a compact unit with such a small speaker the audio sounds good . If you will be driving with the windows down go ahead and plan for an external speaker but for any other time the built in speaker works great . Once setup with a tuned antenna the transmit and receive are both great . A great radio for a great value !
 I 've had this in my 2005 Silverado Pickup for 6 years now . I purchased this unit because I did not want to have to tear up the inside of my truck dash to fit a regular CB . The unit installs easily . The CB came with a little clip that attaches to the dash , the CB just slides in there when not in use . I added two detachable Fire Stick antennas and 10-4 old buddy .
 Did not want a `` big box ' cluttering things up so opted for the hand held . Works just like the big ones but the small speaker is a bit tinny with volume so needs to be close . Got a small external speaker and am happy with the sound . Range seems to be pretty good with a 12 inch rubber whip so would be way good w/regular antenna . Overall I am satisfied and would purchase again
 Jeep Wranglers have limited space so this CB was an easy choice . I 've owned full sized Cobra CB 's installed in full sized pick-ups and they never let me down & always performed better than I expected . This little Cobra 75WXST compact model also performs exactly as advertised . It scans , receives weather broadcasts & installation was easy . The tiny speaker is functional but with windows open on a noisy highway , hearing can be difficult ... but it has an audio out mini-jack so it can easily be connected to a radio that has an audio input mini-jack . This is a great accessory for emergency , off-road or just listening to & chatting with other drivers on the road . It 's also much safer than texting : -RRB-
 I recently purchased a radio and other items to go with it.When I received it I was missing a very important piece to be able to hook it all together.I was very upset and felt it should have been part of the package , so I complained !! Well I received a phone from a very nice soft spoken young lady asking what went wrong.After discussing this matter Amazon was very willing to correct this matter.I should have done a little more homework myself before ordering.Amazon made me realize I was more wrong than their ad , in a nice way.Thank you and YES , I will still do business with Amazon.By the way the products are top quality !!!!
 I am a person that has had over the years many mobile cbs , but this one is the best . Its size is great and all the fuctions are in one easy to find place . I love tis product . Intalation is extremely easy , and operation even easier . Over all i recomend it 100 % The best on the market
 I just installed this CB in the center console of my new Toyota FJ Cruiser . It is very compact and i can easily remove it when I do n't need it.The weather channel feature works great when going cross country or camping .
 I think this is a good Radio . I go on alot of Jamberees And it works relly good . I give it an A + + It is great .
 When I reviewed the offerings for modern CB radios for an installation in a motor home , I found that this model by Cobra continues to be among the top of the available list . It is easy to install , and works very well without being intrusive to other vehicular passengers . Highly recommended .
 The first handset we received would receive but we could n't transmit out . . They sent us another one and that worked fine ...
 I have had c.b. radios in every one of my trucks for the past 20 years and I find them very useful for all my highway travels . Unfortunately the radios took up a great amount of space . This handheld model is great ; it provides very good reception as well as good transmission , and the best part is it takes up almost no space and integrates great into my truck 's interior . I highly recommend it .
 Great product . Easy to install . I replaced a traditional CB with this one and was amazed how much room the old CB was occupying . The remote connector box is so small , it fits anywhere.Amazing shipping from Amazon .
 4 stars because I have not been able to use it much . The concept is good . In my application the microphone pig tail on the AC 701 could have been about six inches longer but purchased the 4ft straight extensions to aid in the install . I do like the features of scan and weather channels .
 Received my new Cobra CB quickly . I have not installed it yet so will reserve judgement until which tiime I can give an honest review .
 Yeah , 10-4 , good buddy , I 've got a Cobra by the head . That 's right
 I bought this very handy little unit -LRB- and I do mean `` little '' -RRB- after buying a Midland CB that failed to work right out of the box . I was pretty apprehensive at first about this CB , as I had used the `` regular '' box-type CBs for 40 years . I bought a Jeep Cherokee Classic that does not have much room to mount a `` regular '' CB , and whats a Jeep without a CB radio ? So I bought this Cobra 75WXST that has all the controls built right into the micophone . What a great idea and what a pleasant surprise ! This thing works great and is extremely easy to use . It took me a whole 5 minutes to hook it up -LRB- basically plug it in and connect it to an antenna -RRB- and it fired right up . My antenna is a magnetic mount 36 '' stainless steel whip Wilson `` Little Wil '' . Right away with no antenna tuning I was getting a 5 mile range under hilly , forested terrain . Out on the open road about 7-8 mile range . The Cobra is great , has nice sound and easy to read screen . It scans all channels if you want and has a channel 9 monitor . The built in NOAA weather radio is a great touch . This unit has to rank as one of my favorites . For the money , it cant be beat , especially if you need an unconventional radio due to space limitations . I would buy another and highly recommend it to everyone . COBRA HAS A REAL WINNER WITH THIS UNIT !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I have been considering purchasing some form of 2-way radio for some time and looked at all the FRS/GMRS radios but was very annoyed by the outrageous claims that you can practically talk to the moon . I had a CB radio about 10 years ago with a K40 antenna and remember that the range averaged around 10 miles down here in the SC Lowcountry . I could get 40 - 50 miles if I got down near the water . So I went looking at CB 's . After much research and consideration of all the radios available I purchased the 75 WX ST. The main reason is that the mounting options in a Toyota Tacoma is very limited . I received the radio today and was immediately impressed with the solid feel of the unit . I did a quick hook up by plugging it into a battery jump box after attaching a cigarette lighter adapter to the power leads and then plugging in an antenna.The sound quality is more that adequate , be sure to take the sticker off the front that covers the speaker holes.The controls are nicely laid out and pretty easy to get at . The `` microphone '' is somewhat larger that a standard CB microphone but not too large . The controls can be used either right or left handed.The backlight is nice and bright and the display easily viewed from any angle.The Sound Tracker function does a good job of pulling the audio out of the background noise.Because all CB radios are essentiallty the same with respect to output power I have no doubt that this radio will have transmitting range on par with my previous radio . The quality of any radio transmission is very much dependent on a good antenna/coax with the antenna proprely mounted and tuned . Just connecting a cheap -LSB- . . -RSB- magnetic mount antenna to the radio without adjusting the SWR will make the best radio into a piece of crap.Buy this radio and hook it up properly and you will be happy.UPDATE : I 've had the radio about 3 weeks now and have had no problems . I would recommend an amplified external speaker though . R/S has them on sale now . Make sure that you get an amplified speaker and not just an extension speaker .
 I would n't have a CB in my Jeep if it were n't a prerequisite for most organized off-road trail events ; the fun and funkiness of these devices having been lost on me many years ago thanks to the content and language of most Interstate jabber . So my quest was narrowed to inconspicuous units that could easily be stored away from view 99 percent of the time I drive , with quality of transmission and reception a distant second priority.Much to my delight , I 've found that this Cobra unit is a highly capable CB for both trail and highway , and because of its size , I tend to leave it connected and mounted -LRB- industrial strength Velcro is all it takes -RRB- so that I can use it anytime I feel like doing so . I have no trouble understanding what 's being said at any volume level , and have received broadcasts from at least four miles away , matched to a garden variety Firestik antenna . I can find no utility whatever in the Sound Tracker circuitry , but on the whole this is a good value and it works fine -- more than I need for my purposes .
 Pros :1 . Has weather channels2 . Easily mounted in cramped vehicles like a Jeep Wrangler . You can mount the junction box under the front seat then adjust your channels from the handset .3 . Has `` scanner '' functionalityCons :1 . Poor signal discrimination . It picks up lots of noise from the environment that comes out as static . You can stop a lot of that with a filter on the incoming power . Which makes you wonder , why did n't they put a filter on the incoming power * inside * the base unit ?! 2 . The built-in speaker is useless . You 'll need an external speaker .3 . Even with an external speaker , it sounds really tinny . I tried both Cobra 's own recommended speaker and a random speaker from the Ham Radio Store . Both sounded like the radio was attached via string and tin can -LRB- but either speaker sounds fine attached to the ham radio -RRB- .4 . Bumping the channel selector is easy to do while reaching for the microphone where it 's hung probably near your knee -LRB- depending on how cramped your dash is -RRB- . Then you wonder why the channel has gone so quiet and why nobody responds to your calls . Erk!All in all , it 's a mediocre radio , which makes it fairly typical for CB radios , which are built to a price point rather than to a quality point . -LRB- Sorry , I use $ 500 + ham radios regularly , compared to that quality of gear any CB radio I 've used has had all the quality of a children 's toy guitar compared to a Strat or Les Paul -RRB- . So that 's a 3 star review EXCEPT
 I selected the unit for its ease of installation . Actually there was no convenient spot to mount in the 32 ' Class C RV . All controls at my fingertips and being able to monitor Ch 19 and the RV channel 13 .
 I have had these installed in every vehicle owned for several years now . They hold up over time and have not failed me yet . The CB handset has all features included , the power and antenna connector boxes can be bought separately , and are easy to install . Just be sure to use a good antenna . Weather feature and noise canceling work as advertised . The black plastic of the handset , while looking somewhat cheap has held up well . The yellow back light could use a brightness setting though . Very nice radio . I have replaced all others with these .4 watts output , loud audio , easy to use and install . Will last for years of use . You need these in all vehicles!Works well for logging roads and back roads . How many times have you seen a sign on a logging road with a CB channel on it and not gone since you had no way to tell where the trucks were ? Get one of these .
 Great little CB radio . Overall once you get used to what function - is-where , it 's easy and comfortable . With these newer compact CB radios SWR tuning is very important . Ive read where many people have difficulty after about one month -- the older CB 's had larger final transistors which were capable of handling more abuse - these newer ones have smaller , easier to burn out transistors and making sure your Whip and cables are tuned properly is an absolute must -LRB- if you want it to live a while -RRB- . This unit will still talk if not tuned properly , however it wont last very long . I paired this up first with a cheapo $ 12.00 mobile antenna from Wal-mart and it talks > 2 miles -LRB- properly tuned -RRB- just fine . When I put a K40 on it - I got in excess of 5 miles , and I can pull in signal from > 8 miles down the road . If youre looking for a quality unit in a compact area , this one is it .
 I have been using CB 's for over 20 years . This CB is perfect for travelers looking for a CB that takes up little space yet has a lot of features . If you want a CB for road trips , with weather band you should consider the 75 WX.It has a great scan feature for CB band and 10 weather channels . I have owned the 75 WX for over 10 years now , I have traveled coast to coast with this radio and never had a problem pulling in a weather station anywhere along the trip . This would make a great RV option for a CB or for any vehicle limited on space to mount a conventional CB . Yes , it may not be the best rig for long distance reception or transmission , but so much of that is dependant on the antenna . I use it with a Wilson 1000 magnetic mount antenna with amazing results . The soundtracker feature works great in noisy city areas . If you need a CB for road trips , or where space is at a premium , you will not be disapointed . Surprisingly enough , the built-in speaker works really well , if you need something louder , the radio features a remote speaker jack . I highly recommend this radio for those looking for a good 40 channel CB with weather band .
 I drive a Jeep Liberty and lets just say they are n't known for their extra leg room or any other kind of room . I really wanted to have a CB because of the nature of my work but felt limited due to space . I did n't want to stick a radio on the passenger side like everyone suggests because I knew it would be in my wife 's way when she rides with me . I got the 75 and it has been great . I mounted the connection box between the passenger seat and the center console . From there i have plenty of cable with the radio to hang it just under the passenger side air vent . I got an external speaker but really do n't need it . The Jeep is a little noisy but I can hear the radio just fine , even better than the external speaker . I have a cheap mag mount antenna on the roof and I 'm pulling in conversations around ten miles away.Great , great , great purchase.The weather channel is handy too.I really like the `` dual watch '' capability which allows me to monitor two channels or I can scann through all 40 . Buy this one . It may not be fancy but it gets the job done.I work with the Highway Patrol and they often put this unit in their cars .
 The first radio I ordered arrived dead . Painless return to Amazon and the new one worked right away . I mounted the contol box under my driver 's seat since I could n't find a good spot in the dash where I would n't worry about it getting too much heat from the heater ducts . The mike cord comes under the side of the seat bracket and up to the dash where I mounted the clip.This is a very handy radio if you do n't have a lot of space . All of the controls are mounted in the handset , which is very convenient . Unfortunately the buttons are not backlit . Once you learn which is which , you can tell by feel in the dark . The one drawback for me is the handset is easier to use left-handed and I had to mount mine to my right -LRB- I 'm right handed -RRB- . Pulls in a clean signal , will scan channels 9/19 and all channels , also has weather bands . The speaker is loud enough for me in a Jeep Liberty . In an open vehicle , you 'll want an external speaker .
 I 'm using this in my Jeep for our off-roading trips . Installation was a breeze . Took me about thirty minutes . Sound is not great , especially at highway speeds , but since I bought it for trail use , not that big of a deal . And having everything in one , small unit makes securing it when I leave my Jeep even easier . Two thumbs up on this one .
 This product is simply wonderful if you are worried about security . I own a Jeep and having the ability to quickly disconnect this unit and store it my lockable console is truly a peace of mind type feeling . I have n't tuned the antenna yet so reception is a little bit messy but it picks up eveything from my runs with my club and transmits great . My hands are fairly large so gripping and using the handset is fairly easy but someone with small hands might have some problems with all of the buttons and dials .
 I use this CB in Miata road rallies . I mounted the hand-held unit between the two seats on the back panel . It can be heard easily in normal driving conditions without the need for an external speaker .
 The product is everything that I expected . It 's easy to use and fits in a crowded drivers space .
 I BOUGHT THE COBRA 75WXST PRETTY MUCH KNOWING THAT THERE WOULD BE SOME COMPRMISE COMPARED TO A ` REGULAR BOX TYPE ' CB . DUE TO SPACE RESTRICTIONS THIS WAS THE BEST WAY FOR ME TO HAVE A CB IN MY TRUCK . I OWN A FORD F-150 2004 . THE ONLY PLACE I COULD POSSIBLY MOUNT A BOX TYPE CB , WAS AT THE FEET OF THE PASSANGER SIDE OF THE TRUCK . THIS OF COURSE PUT IT OUT OF SAFE REACH WHILE DRIVING . I WENT WITH THE COBRA DUE TO THE FACT , ALL CONTROLS WERE IN THE MIC AND I WAS ABLE TO LOCATE IT CLOSE TO MYSELF . THE UNIT ITSELF WAS ALOT SMALLER THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE . I GUESS THIS IS DUE TO IMPROVED ELECTRONINCS AND THE ABILITY TO PUT ALOT INTO SMALL PACKAGES . THE CB DOES WHAT I NEED IT TO DO . I MAINLY USE IT ON LONG TRIPS FOR MONITORING ROAD AND TRAFFIC CONDITIONS . I FIND THE MIKE A LITTLE BIG AND THE VOLUME/ON/OFF AS WELL AS THE SQUELCH CONTROLS SOMEWHAT DIFFICULT , BUT MANAGEABLE . THERE IS A BUTTON THAT IS SUPPOSED TO ` QUITE DOWN ' BACKGROUND NOICE WHEN THE SQUELCH IS MINIMIZED , BUT I FIND THIS DOES ` NT SEEM TO WORK ALL THAT GREAT -LSB- MY OPINION -RSB- THAT SAID THE UNIT DOES WHAT I NEED IT TO DO WITH THE ANTENNA CONFIQUERATION I USE . I SEEM TO HEAR WELL , AND I SEEM TO BE HEARD ON THOSE TIMES I CHOOSE TO TALK . YES , I WOULD RECCOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE WITH THE SIMILAR SPACE CONSIDERATIONS .
 My 10 year old unit was working find until one too many cokes were spilled on it . The new unit plugged right in and working fine . I have always used a exterior speak for better sound !
 I purchased this CB radio to use in our motor home . Best features are the compact size and the fact that all the controls can be accessed with one hand . It has a channel 19 button that makes it easy to stay on the `` trucker 's channel '' without being distracted during driving . The sound is good and I am pleased with the performance . Good value for the price .
 Works like a charm . Great reception and WX alert notification . Life saver on the road .
 This is a great product especially if you do n't want to drill into your vehicle or you have multiple vehicles that you can transfer it to . Highly recommended !
 I picked this up to put in my Grand Cherokee , and it works perfectly . I think the speaker volume is plenty loud , although if you drove something not as quiet -LRB- say a Wrangler , or something with big mud tires/loud exhaust -RRB- , I would say go for an external speaker . Reception is great and people have no problem hearing me . Great CB for the ocasional CB ` er !
 Perfect size ! Perfect weight ! Exactly what I needed for my trip to Africa ! Exactly as advertised ! They did the job !!!
 Best value for binoculars in this price range . Rugged , weather-proof , not too heavy , and attractive .
 Living in the upper Mid West , the landscape 's heavily forested and glaciated.It 's time to see what I was missing.Nikon lens/prisms are World renowned , ... and for the dollar , arguably the best.I wanted Roof Prism binoculars , so that made the decision easier.Magnification is a preference factor , I chose 10X magnification after trying a family members 8X -LRB- more on this later -RRB- + Trailblazers became the logical choice because of the larger 50mm objective lens + With a larger 50mm objective lens , you attain many sought after qualities .1
 I have been in the military for several years now and have come to use many binos/optics in my line of work . Leupold and Steiner being the majority of all military enhanced optic makers . Most professional military binos are 8x42mm . However , it is n't always enough , I decided to spend the frugal money on these Nikon 's ATB 's and have been throughly pleased.The Image quality alone shows Nikon 's tried and true dedication to superior lens quality.The Nikon 's large objective lens allows for superbly bright images in dark or shady conditions . Using these binoculars at night , they produce as much light into the eye as the $ 500.00 set of Steiners and Leupold 's . In fact , several of my co-workers also agree , for the money these may be the best optic to choose from.During day time use , or night for that matter . the lens focus a tight picture . From 5m in front of you to infinity the fine adjustment knob will focus in on what you need . The eye relief adjustment knobs are an excellent feature . Many Binoculars do not have this feature -LRB- It physically separates your eye from the diopter lens -RRB- ensuring proper eye relief at all times . This , when using your Binos for extended time will reduce eye and forehead fatigue.Construction : I have used these in several climate zones , hot and arid , hot and wet , extremely cold and temperate cool hunting conditions . . They have been banged up , skuffed up and dropped and they still preform like a champ . They feel rock solid and build like a block of steel when you hold them.Many say lighter is better , but I would submit to you , solid is better and you.These will be going with me onto deployment soon ... Ill be leaving my steiners in the armory .
 I recently purchased these binoculars after comparing against Nikon Monarch binoculars . The Nikon 's well-known model , Monarch binoculars -LRB- 8 x 42mm -RRB- are somewhat smaller , compared to this Trailblazer -LRB- 50mm model -RRB- . Since I use these binoculars for astronomy and star gazing , I need binoculars that have a large aperture as possible . Besides , I wear the eye-glasses . So , I wanted binoculars that have a longer eye-relief , also . This model has 19.6 mm -LRB- 0.78 '' -RRB- eye-relief . After considering all the above , I decided to try this new model out . Tonight , I watched the comet , C/2007 N3 -LRB- Lulin -RRB- with my eye-glasses through these binoculars . After I focused the binoculars to Saturn first , I just pulled slightly down to center the comet . I could verify the comet , Lulin very easily . All the star fields I could see in the sight were pin point , crisp and sharp . The image quality is also excellent and it is very easy to handle for a long time because of its light-weight design , compared to the old-fashioned heavy Porro prizm binoculars.Additionally , the price was very affordable , comparing to somewhat expensive Monarch series . Overall , I am very satisfied with these Trailblazer binoculars . I strongly recommend anyone who wish to do star gazing . At last , 10x power may be a little shaky but if you lean against any wall , trees or car , it should be fine even for star gazing.If you would have needed more larger aparture , Nikon has Monarch series featuring 56mm aperture models , 8.5 x , 10x and 12x but the prices will be 2.5 times more than these Trailblazer series , though . Nikon Trailblazer 10x50 Binoculars - Black
 I 'm happy with these bino 's . They are a bit big but they have better eye relief than my brothers 2 1/2 the price monarchs 10x42 's and I need that because I wear glasses and the field of view is very good . The single eye right side diopter adjustment is harder than it should be and thats why I 'm not giving it five stars . Nikon said you should only need to adjust this once and leave it alone but I 've been hunting for over 40 years and used many a bino and when you are looking at distances that vary from 50 to 1000 yds . plus , you need to fine tune the focus from time to time . With the diopter ring being as difficult to turn as it is it can be a bit of a pain . I 'm still very happy with them and would recommend them to anyone , especially for the price .
 I am a hunter - so seeing clearly what I am looking at is very important to me . When I was looking at these , I was upgrading from some pretty cheap,russian-made binoculars . I examined a wide range of options from yet more Russian-made binoculars all the way up to some pretty nice Leica optics . These were probably 90 % of what I saw in the Leica for about 10 % of the price.I 've had them out in the field already and I am even more satisfied now that I made the right decision . They might be a little on the large side - but I opted to put up with that to get the 50mm lenses . The only thing I would do differently would be to go ahead and purchase the harness rather than rely solely on the neck strap.I highly recommend these .
 I like the way these binoculars feel in my hand . Even better , I like what I see when I look through the lenses . Have to remember to adjust the eye pieces but after that it 's pretty smooth sailing . Only got them a week or so ago but took them out bird watching recently and it was a delight . Liked that I could use them with sunglasses and without . Images were all sharp and clear . And it was easy to focus and follow birds as they flew across the sky . Last night I brought them to the Hollywood Bowl to see Paul McCartney and I 'm glad I did . In the past I brought smaller binoculars to concerts but those 50mm lenses captured more light and greater detail and they did n't feel too heavy in my hands . Have gazed at the moon and stars a few times as well and marveled at all the things I 'd never been able to see before from my backyard .
 I agonized over 8x42s or 10x50s and decided on the 10x50s and I am not looking back ! I wanted a stronger lense for looking at the shoreline across the bay , ships and boaters . I also wanted these for traveling and birding . I compared the Nikon Monarch 10x42s with the Trailblazer 10x50s at a local store . They had both on display so I tried both . I did not see any significant difference in the light or clarity between the two . I concluded the Monarchs are not worth $ 100 + more . I opted to buy from Amazon the Trailblazers 10x50s and the Pentax 62217 UCF II 8-16x21 Zoom Binoculars -LSB- $ 76 -RSB- for my wife . -LSB- Get these ! -RSB- These are an excellent pair and compliment my Nikon Trailblazers both for the price of the Monarchs ! I love the feel of the Trailblazers in my hands . The Pentax ones for my wife are 8s and my Nikons are 10s . I tried both and my shake or movement is no greater with the 10s . The smaller Pentaxs are lighter and more compact than the Nikons and I can hold my Trailblazers more steady . I like more to hang on to . It all depends on your needs . I believe you should have different pairs to fit the ocassion . I sit alot while using my 10x50s . If I was going to be into birding and hiking more than I am I would opt for the 8x42 Trailblazers . They are smaller and lighter . Many of the prior reviews have covered the positives and negatives . I will highlight a few . I like the twist up eye cups , multi-coated lenses , waterproof , fogproof , great warranty , nice strap and great feel . I do not care for the lens covers and I hope Nikon addresses this . The eye covers are fine . I feel the Trailblazers are under rated and the Monarchs are over rated . The Trailblazers will last a life time just like the Monarchs . .
 I bought these as replacements for my Olympus ones that are compact and very small . Wow , these are awesome . I use them for backyard birdwatching , and they are so much brighter , it 's like the birds are standing in a light . I wear glasses and can use them with my glasses on , which is one of the reasons I picked this model . Really impressed and glad I made this purchase . Very happy .
 Wonderful clear view and light for the size . Only wish the lens caps were attachable to each other as well as the binoculars as they will eventually get lost . Also wish the loops for the neck strap were larger as they do not fit the chest harness I use and make hiking with binoculars and cameras Much easier !
 Took awhile to get used to the eye piece adjusters but these binoculars are really bright and clear .
 I wanted these binoculars for birding , and they suit my needs in almost every way . They 're crystal clear , and the field of view is adequate to my purposes . Just two minor complaints .1 . I wear eyeglass , so the eye relief factor was an important consideration . The twist out eye cups adjust perfectly for my corrected vision , but they wo n't stay where I want them . There are very minor `` stops '' along the way as you twist the eye cups , but the stops need to be firmer so they ca n't easily continue to turn during use .2 . The focusing knob seems to be in an awkward position . I 've been using the binoculars for a month now , find I still have to search for the focusing screw . It would be better is it could be moved forward , because it 's not easily or naturally available in its present position.Even with these two caveats , I still recommend these binoculars . They 're excellent value for an entry-level binocular , and I have no regrets . My brother uses a pair of Nikon Monarchs , which cost twice as much , and to my 65 year-old eyes , they 're only marginally better better than my Trail-Blazers .
 Got binoculars timely . Great eye relief for anyone with glasses . Very clear . Just what I wanted . Most binoculars are not good with glasses these are fantastic .
 I am very happy with this purchase ; the binoculars are easy to hold and very easy to adjust the focus . I 've used them with and without my glasses and have no complaints at all .
 I bought these as a gift to my room mate and he absolutely loves them . He likes bird watching , and uses them quite frequently
 Love it . Clear and crisp images . Not taken it for a swim yet to check it 's waterproof-ness , but I 'll take Nikon 's word for it . Focus is solid and barely needs adjusting throughout the distance range . I like it and would certainly buy it again.Disclaimer - I do n't have extensive knowledge in binoculars nor 50 other pairs to compare it against . I do like these though and I 'm happy with the $ $ I spent . No buyers remorse anyway .
 These are absolutely the BEST pair of binoculars we 've ever had ! We love the fact that you can adjust both eyes for clarity , not just one eye as with most others . We ca n't say enough about this great product . We shopped locally to find what we wanted , then went on Amazon to find a much better price . Trust me , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Outside box and inside box arrived crumpled , but it did not damage the binoculars . These binoculars have a wonderful clear view and are light for the size . Very easy to hold stable . Excellent warranty for the price . Only thing is the lens caps want to come off the straps and might eventually get lost . Other than that , great binoculars . Recommended !
 Great clear view when searching over marsh for ducks . Easy to work with glasses . Lens cap holders will not get lost .
 I feel excited about this binocular.I love hiking and stargazing so I wanted to buy a binocular that produces bright images and is easy to carry . I bought this one because it is light , not expensive and has a beautiful design . Despite its price and weight , this binocular is able to provide great picture . I used it in a starry night to watch those fantastic celestial objects such as M31 , M42 and the Jupiter 's satellites , and the binocular showed me sharper and better images than I expected . It might be a good choice for beginning stargazers before buying a specific and much heavier telescope . Though as mentioned in other posts that this binocular has a little chromatic aberration , you can hardly notice it unless you can hold it quite steady .
 Great mechanism , perfect view ... so clare -LRB- lightness -RRB- excelent for my purpose
 I purchased these as my wife and I are going on a jungle safari in Borneo next week.The excellent light gathering properties of these binoculars will come in handy when we go in search of Orang Utan , Proboscis Monkey , Pygmy Elephant and the countless bird species that are present . Although they have a large objective lens -LRB- 50mm -RRB- they are very compact and easy to hold . The water proofing will come in handy in the rain and cloud forests we will be visiting . I will follow up on our return.Well I tried these out in the steaming rainforests of Malaysian Borneo and they came up trumps . The focusing was very smooth . They also focused down to 3 metres . The waterproofing / fog proofing came in very handy whilst trekking in the heavy rain late at night . Weight was never a problem , in fact I do not like those overly light Bins as they do not feel reassuring , these felt solid as a rock . Was able to watch a Bull Pygmy Elephant at 4 metres with no problems at all . Colours were spot on with no colour fringing.Very happy with these binoculars.Will be trying them out at Mai Po reserve in Hong Kong next month.Update 07-09-2011
 I own several pairs of binoculars . This is the first pair that I have ever been very happy with . The narrow field of view is great for bird and wildlife viewing . They are very bright , light weight , and have the best warranty I have ever seen for an under $ 200.00 pair of binoculars . The only negative comment would be that the lens caps ca n't seem to be securely attached to the neck strap . Else , well done Nikon !
 I 'm not an expert in optics , and I do n't have a huge budget for fancy glass . I 'm a casual to enthusiastic birder , and the binos I have been using were n't cutting it anymore . So , based on the reviews , I bought a pair of Trailblazer 8221 10 x 50s . They are an immediate and substantial improvement over the Bushnell Trophy 10x42s I 've been using . They are brighter , sharper , the focus area reaches nearer the edges of the glass . They are a step up in magnification , and they do n't have chromatic aberration the others did . The Bushnells are built more sturdy , and the lens caps , though always in the way , are more substantial than the Nikons . So , for the most part , I 'm pretty happy . The lens covers are terrible , and the case is pretty no frills , but I can live with those things for the price . Speaking of , from the time I placed my order around 10 pm , to the time I woke up , about 7 am , the price dropped $ 26 , which was n't reflected in my order . So I quickly canceled and reordered , not only did I save the $ 26 , but it did n't affect my delivery date . In fact , Amazon beat my projected delivery date by 3 days , so I had them for weekend birding . They ave dropped another $ 20 since I bought them last week , but I ca n't worry about all that . I 'm impressed and happy with my new birding binos .
 I love this binocular . It is easy to operate , good combination of range , stabilization and weight . Good use of all purpose watching . I would recommend this to my friends .
 These let lots of light in and the view is great . The price was reasonable too . Would recommend to anyone that needs a good pair of binoculars
 I bought these binoculars to view an alligator living in the pond by my house . They do a great job ! I can see clearly across our pond . The optics are clear , bright and eye pieces are very comfortable ! I read a review that the case did not come with a strap . That is true , but when you put the binoculars in the case , it 's strap is placed outside the case ... hence when you close the closes velco lid the strap is now the cases strap . I am not a birder or an expert on binoculars , but I read a lot of reviews and decided on these because people were pleased and Nikon has never disappointed me in their products . I do n't think you will be disappointed .
 Awesome pair of binoculars for the price . Excellent Nikon quality . Also bought my son a pair of the these for his first deer hunting trip .
 I 've purchased these binocs to take them with me to Yellowstone . Binocs came with plastic ring connecting right eyepiece to body cracked . I have n't had a time to send it back for replacement and went with broken binocs . Trailblazer survived well and did what it was bought for , I simply have no complains regarding image quality -LRB- sharp , brisk image , quite low aberration -RRB- . It was a good complement to D90 camera.Almost 1 year later eyepiece finally broke completely and I 've sent binocs to Nikon service center . They 've fixed it for $ 0 and did it quite fast . I 'm a pretty happy Nikon customer : -RRB-
 I recieved mine yesterday and tried them out . Overall , I like the optics , weight and usability . These are very nice . Be sure to extend the eye cups . That was briefly confusing.A few things I would improve
 The range of any cb depends upon the antenna . A $ 30 cb on a good antenna will have considerable more range than a $ 150 cb on a cheap antenna . Inexpensive cbs do have less sensitivity and features of more expensive cbs , but if you are just starting out , I would suggest an inexpensive cb with a good antenna such as a Wilson ` Lil Will ' magnet mount . If you purchase the antenna at a cb shop , normally they will be more than happy to install and tune the antenna for you free of charge . The antenna normally runs around $ 30 and is one of the better entry level antennas out there . I have ran a cb for 10 years and I still use one as a back up . But remember , the secret to range is in the antenna system . . not so much the radio . But whatever you choose . . do not get one of those ` through the glass ' or a ` rubber magnet mount ' antenna . These are poor antennas with very limited range , usually less that a mile . Get something with a steel whip equal to or over 36 '' in height .
 The previous review that mentions antennas are key to a good CB setup is correct . For a normal CB user I would recommend either the Wilson lil ' Wil or the Wilson 500 antenna . Both are magnetic mount antennas . The lil ' Wil antenna is a relatively small antenna and it 's only around $ 39.00 . Actually any Wilson CB antenna will be fine . Also , to do a good job at setting up your antenna you should purchase an SWR meter . They are not expensive . You only need the meter connected inline between the radio and antenna when you are adjusting the antenna . Once you are done adjusting the antenna you can take the meter out of the connection and connect the antenna directly to the radio . Do n't be fooled by cheap ordinary CB antennas like you will find at radio shack . Do not settle for anything less then a Wilson antenna . Cobra and Uniden both make fabulous CB radios so either make will be fine .
 OVERVIEWI had this radio in my 2004 Jeep Wrangler . It tucked nice under the dash and was a great performer . Power was good as well as reception . Great Buy!POWERAny CB you purchase is limited to 4 watts output power so dont let size fool you . ALL CB 'S are limited to 4 watts due to FCC regulations , look it up!PRICEThe price on this site is high retail to say the least . I purchased this unit from Wal-Mart for 35 dollars . Its now called 19DXIV or 19 Ultra III , it comes with an updated appearance and digital screen.SIZEThis will not take up a bunch of in-cab space that you dont have to spare due to manual tranmissions and transfer case levers . It tucks away nice and doesnt get in the way .
 This unit 's small size makes it possible to mount in any vehicle . Every car at my house has a spot where it could be mounted -LRB- but it stays in my truck ! -RRB- . This radio works just as good as the more expensive ones , as long as your antenna is of high quality and tuned . I highly recomend this radio to people who are looking for a basic radio that wo n't break the bank , and for the CB ` ers who just want to communcate to other drivers without having to mess with RF gain , delta tune , dyamic boost , etc. .
 I 've had my Cobra 29 for over five years now . It 's been in four different trucks , and traveled over 500,000 miles with me . Once I added two wilson antennas and a power mic , I can get out over four miles on a good night . My personal record is a line of sight 130 miles from a mountainside . I love it . I was thinking of getting a galaxy , but why ? I have a great radio here .
 I recently bought and installed this radio in my truck , and I have not had any problems yet !!! A few minor details are the noise blanker seems really sesitive -LRB- sometimes when it is on I do not receive any traffic -RRB- but that is about it . I enjoy Cobra products , this is my second radio -LRB- I just traded up from a 25NWXT -RRB- , I have a Cobra HG2000 Antenna , and I am waiting on a Cobra Mic for my radio . So far no problems with any of it and I hope to have none down the road !!!!!
 This is an excellent radio for anyone interested . I have used every function , including the PA , and it performs marvelously . The `` night watch '' feature is very handy , basically the entire face glows and has an adjustable intensity . I have used a few uniden 's and a few other cobra CB 's and this is my favorite so far .
 Matched this with a `` Little Wil '' Wilson antenna . Low SWR across all channels with minimal calibration . Radio comes with a built-in SWR meter . A little bulky , but lots of controls to customize the radio for urban or rural areas . The backlighting is great for driving at night . I bought a cigarette lighter DC cord as well , since I move the radio between cars . The radio comes with a hard-wire kit . Speaker is loud enough , and reception/range appear to be very good . Not a sideband radio . Good classic CB with just enough controls for the low to mid-level user .
 Cobra 29WXNWST NightWatch CB Radio -LRB- 40-Channel -RRB- I am an Over The Road Trucker and was lost without my C B . This is identical to the one I had and it is an excellent product . I tried others but they could not compare to the quality and performance of my Cobra CB .
 Potential Pros : Works greatHigh qualityWell MadeWeather And CBAble to be calibratedST technology makes nearby transmissions easier to hear without messing around with squelchknobs have a cool `` old school '' feelPotential Cons : Very Large -LRB- bigger than a car stereo -RRB- Somewhat cheap microphoneEnthusiast features - Need to know some CB concepts to use it -LRB- not for absolute beginners -RRB-
 My fiance is a truck driver and he loves this CB . I got it for a Christmas present and he could barely wait to install it . I 'm very pleased .
 Awesome unit , does everything!Only drawback is if -LRB- like me -RRB- , you have to have it off to your side , there are too many controls . I do n't think this would bother anyone who can mount it nearby and facing them .
 I took quite a bit of time researching these radios and found that this was the biggest bang for the buck . The radio arrived on time in excellent shape . Installation in my truck was a easy , radio works great on all bands . I would say it was a good buy .
 THE RADIO WAS JUST WHAT I WANTED , WITH THE NIGHT LIGHT & WHEATHER CHANNEL , SINCE WE DROVE AT NIGHT & CROSSING DIFFERENT STATES TO CHECK THE WHEATHER , I WAS JUST WHAT I WANTED
 Very pleased with this product . Performs excellent in my rig and the `` nightwatch '' feature is very easy on the eyes with the dimmer feature . Have had absolutely no problems with this CB and definitely would reccommend it to others looking for a solid performer .
 I shopped for a CB radio all over and found this one with Amazon.com . I could n't be happier with it , it works like advertised . I would recommend this to anyone . Thanks
 Bought mine from Radio Shack about three years ago for $ 159 . Radio functioned perfectly out of the box . Stock mic works well enough , but was a bit too big and flimsy-feeling , so I wired a Turner +3 B to it . The Turner definitely makes a difference in modulation . I get compliments on the big clean audio all the time . The stock mic is probably just fine for mobile operation , as you do n't want a lot of road noise on top of your voice . The received audio is loud and as clean sounding as one could expect from a crowded band . PA works as promised , but really , who needs one except for very specific reasons?The radio is feeding a Radio Shack Crossbow vertical antenna mounted on the roof of my home , and the base of the antenna is about 15 ' off the ground . I consistently am able to communicate from Yucaipa to anywhere within 20 + miles , -LRB- I have some elevation - 2600 feet -RRB- but in a car , I would n't expect more than about two or three . Your results may vary.The controls are easy to use without looking , and the adjustable dimmer makes it easy to see in all light levels . The Sound Tracker is a good addition , but is applicable only if you are talking to another radio with the same technology . The weather function needs a dual band antenna . But since I have dedicated weather radios , it 's not a deal breaker for me . The SWR feature is nice , and functions as it should . Mic gain and RF gain are a nice addition.All in all , it 's a fine radio that works as advertised . I 'd buy another for my car and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an AM only radio with intermediate features .
 Radio arrived with no instructions , I guess for those that know how to use this radio that is ok . I had to go online to figure out how to use all the features . I really like the weather channel feature since it alerted me to a really bad wind , hail storm that I was driving into.It also worked very well with my Little Wilson antenna .
 My is working good for over years now so Please buy one & try them & you will see that RedDog was wrong !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product was delivered to me , from Amazon and right on time ! It looks like it would be a good one , As I never will open it to see if it works or not , I 'm just a collector ! I never open things that I buy from Amazon ! But it sure is a pretty product !
 Nothing much to do . Plug it into a USB port , Win7SP1 -LRB- x64 -RRB- -LRB- and other Windows Versions -RRB- loads the drivers and it 's good to go.Very sensitive Mic . Can be 12-13 inches from mouth and expect excellent speech recognition.Convenient Toggle Button turns Mic . on-lite/off-no lite and it can be swiveled up or down.Does seem a bit pricey for a desktop Mic . but maybe there 's something expensive in this device I do n't understand.All in all , it 's doing well what Microphones do and I 'm inclined to recommend it .
 I purchased this product to record narration for presentations and it is very effective at picking up a clear sound with minimal background noise . I have also used it to jurry-rig a settup to record a 3 person interview in a small room . The resulting sound was pretty quiet , but I am still able to understand well enough to transcribe the conversation .
 The battery was charged and drained slightly then fully charged again , since then it has been drained completely once . It has performed dependably as expected.I would buy another battery from this seller .
 Using this 49mm polarized filter on my old Magnavox VHS camcorder helped me deliver some excellent looking tapes to the coach this year . Having said this ... there are admittedly other much more expensive lenses that will probably perform slightly better . Anyone who films semi-professionally and wants to take a frugal approach to their camcorder purchases would be well advised to not pass this filter up . The variable setting works well enough and interacts with the older camcorder lenses well . Filming from a `` fixed '' booth sometimes means shooting toward the sun a bit . Even if that is not a problem ... it still is very effective in cutting down glare from cars and other metallic objects . This filter is the best weapon for these situations at its unbelievably low cost to you !
 This radio was bought for over the road traveling . I was attracted to this radio for several reasons weather radio , scan feature , and compact design . The radio has preformed excellent , and is small enough to put in any car or truck . I had only two problems with this radio , First the scan feature only works when the squelch is turned up high enough to elliminate `` fuzz '' which dosent allw you to pick up and scan weak signals , Second this radio dose not have a SWR meter -LRB- Standing Wave Ratio -RRB- which means to have your antenna tuned yu have to buy a SWR meter or take it to a CB shop which can be a hassle . Other than that this radio is perfect and dose a fine job .
 ive owned a couple CB 's and this is definitely one of the better ones -LRB- the only ones that are better are substancially more expensive -RRB- . works great and can be mounted in dash because of the front firing speaker . tons of features including scanning and weather -LRB- which actually comes in very handy -RRB- . the only feature it lacks -LRB- and i wish it had -RRB- is the ability to hook up to a PA. other than that its great .
 This CB is the best CB I have had in my life time and I already had 3 CB 's besides this one and this one is the best of them . Its unique design and mobility can set up to a cigarette lighter in your car or truck although you might want an adaptor since it only comes with the cords and nothing to plug into the cigarette lighter . When you are talking to someone else your voice goes to them crystal clear and there voice is crystal clear too . I have not found yet why it has a sound tracker system since it does not clear the signal up anyway all it does is make it louder . Although it clears it up a small bit of the signal . When talking to someone squelch becomes useful to get rid of the static . This Cb is a best buy especially with the super saver shipping and no tax
 The previous review that mentions antennas are key to a good CB setup is correct . For a normal CB user I would recommend either the Wilson lil ' Wil or the Wilson 500 antenna . Both are magnetic mount antennas . The lil ' Wil antenna is a relatively small antenna and it 's only around $ 39.00 . Actually any Wilson CB antenna will be fine . Also , to do a good job at setting up your antenna you should purchase an SWR meter . They are not expensive . You only need the meter connected inline between the radio and antenna when you are adjusting the antenna . Once you are done adjusting the antenna you can take the meter out of the connection and connect the antenna directly to the radio . Do n't be fooled by cheap ordinary CB antennas like you will find at radio shack . Do not settle for anything less then a Wilson antenna . Cobra and Uniden both make fabulous CB radios so either make will be fine .
 I installed this unit in a 2007 Subaru WRX STi using a Subaru OEM gauge pack housing . That housing is single DIN and since the Cobra is too , the fit and finish was perfect . Also , the three required wires -LRB- battery , accessory and ground -RRB- are right there when the clock pod is removed to install the gauge housing.I used the Cobra on my first long highway trip last week and was impressed with its range on receive and transmit . My first radio check call got me a callback from 35 miles away . -LRB- My antenna is a Larsen NMO27B so that has a lot to do with the radio 's performance . -RRB- Positives
 My first CB radio . Works very well for on highway use and NOAA weather anywhere ... really anywhere . Not the top model but good for a first CB radio , for someone who doesnt want to pay over $ 100 but still get a decent radio . I would recommend this item to anyone , except professional truck drivers . I run a firestick I antenna and it works well . Good for highway info and directions . Be sure to purchase an SWR meter , or get it tuned by a professional , to ensure that your radio is tuned correctly , else you could burn it up . CB radios are NOT plug and play devices .
 If you are looking for the most bang for your buck , this is it . In this price-range you just can not beat the performance and features of this radio . The compact size is perfect for tight spaces and the modern design looks great . I highly recomend this CB .
 I purchased this particular CB because of the front firing speaker . The size is perfect for IN dash installations , and it is very user friendly . After installation I tested it out to 8 miles which was more then I expected.Overall I 'm very pleased with the price and quality of this product .
 Good mid range cb for intermediate user -- great features and speaker placement .
 I have had several different brands of radios and this one is a good enter level radio for the price has a nice front firing speaker which help to hear it . Also has which is a nice feature is the weather band . One thing that I would like to point out for the more advance user this radio will not cut it and they will not be happy . I use this radio in my company 's work truck that is why I got a cheaper radio but I am very happy with the overall performance of this radio and the output power out of the box with a good stick you will be happy
 Product was shipped and recieved very fast , and in great shape . This is a great CB radio with NOAA radio , and has scan for the cb channels . A great buy
 it 's great device and a great price for it , recommended for everybody who wants to start using a CB
 Product arrive two days before ETA -LRB- free shipping -RRB- . So far now problems . Very happy with the quality of the CB .
 I knew what I wanted . A friend had already purchased one . Works great , good price & quick delivery .
 I had heard that it is a good CB and I agree very much so . The front speaker is great . My old CB did n't have the weather channel . This has the 10 NOAA weather channels . I 'm useing the same antenna and this CB has a lot better signal .
 Not only does the CB work great but with the way the weather has been it 's great to have the weather band to keep me informed !!
 muy buen producto llego a tiempo lo pedi desde venezuela y gracias pq es justo lo que queria compre aqui
 A great product keeps me ahead of my travels about 2 or 3 miles . The service from Amazone was good and timely
 Works great ! 1 i use it for hunting and camping with my friends , we get great range out of it and the dual watch feature is great for when we go on trips so we can bounce back and forth talking to each other and listening to the trucks to find out about road slow downs or the fuzz . The weather channels are great , we use it for our weather to plan the day since we dont get cell signal at the cabin and hope we never do . lol
 This compact unit fit my needs . I have limited space in my Pathfinder , so I was looking for a dashmount . When I read the specs on this one , I was sold . It has scan , dual channel watch , and best of all a speaker in the front . It does have other nice features too ... Perfect for mounting right below my radio and no need for an external speaker ! Install was as easy as putting in a radio ... with a bit of trimming -LRB- in my case -RRB- with a dremel tool.I read that there was glare when it 's sunny , but what do you expect from such a clean face on this model . Besides , using a CB , once you meet up with your group and decide on a channel , you rarely change ... I 've had it about 6 months so far and am 100 % satisfied with my purchase . Thank you Amazon and thank you Cobra !
 The radio is good for the $ $ but i wish i paid $ 30 less for it ! there is no RF gain which would make this a sweet deal , i pick up farther than i can transmit but can not block out what i want to hear , if only i could turn down the RF ! PA option would have been nice also . weather band is sweet ! I installed it in the dash below my regular radio which is a bonus . sound tracker works decent as well as the dual watch but the scan feature is sketchy since there is no RF gain control ! the knobs feel loose and chintzy feels like a G.I. Joe walkie talkie ! i like the radio it will stay installed in the truck but i already ordered a sweet Connex 4600 Turbo SuperWhackedPacked for when i need to stomp the mud ducks ! = op
 This CB radio is a great radio , especially for the price . I 'm sold on it -- feature for feature , it 's a much better deal than the more expensive models . It arrived in great shape , much earlier than I expected . Shopping Amazon is so easy , just a click and it 's done !
 Have had it installed for a few months now . Works great and is exactly what I was looking for in a cb .
 We were impressed with the speedy delivery and no damage to any of it ! It seems to be a great product !
 I am glad I got this one because its small size . Its very clear hooked up with a weather ready Lil ' Will antenna . I really like the scan feature and the weather access .
 Works fine , I like all of the features that I 've tried . I do n't need to monitor 2 frequencies at once so I do n't use the `` dual watch '' feature , nor have I used the scan feature . I love the `` SoundTracker Noise Reduction System '' , it has the ability to simultaneously reduce some background noises , while amplifying the incoming signal . The main reason I selected this radio was the immediate access to NOAA . I commute about 45 minutes one way in mostly rural areas , and bad weather can come up quickly . At the push of a button I can be informed of dangerous weather . I like the channel 9-19 quick option , but I doubt if anyone is Monitoring 9 in my area ; but I wish that every time I turned the unit on , it would n't be on 9 . I have not used the External Speaker , but I ca n't figure out why Cobra did n't add a P A output too . A few more things , this unit has 3 wires on it and they recommend wiring one to a fuse block , my fuse block is under the hood . I tied the Red and Orange wires together , and ran them to a Cigarette lighter plug . The second thing is my Cigarette plug has an LED indicator light on it , and when I leave the unit plugged in and OFF , it runs my Battery down . I do n't believe it 's the LED doing it . If anyone has any info or suggestions holler .
 I purchased this radio to put in my semi truck in 2005 . I used it every working day for the next four years . The radio worked flawlessly ; it has good range when paired with a good antenna . The weather feature was a nice addition that I used often as well . I sold the radio when I sold the truck in 2011 and the new owner is still using the radio and he likes it too . I am on Amazon today to put another one just like it in my shopping cart for my pickup and camper . I have been using CB radio since the mid 1970 's off and on , and this little Cobra is a good solid radio ; the weather feature makes it worth the extra few dollars over a bare bones radio . Highly recommended .
 I had this model in my old truck and when I purchased a new one , I shopped around but ended up buying the same model CB . It 's the same size as a car stereo , so fits nicely in the dash . I have a double-DIN -LRB- double-height -RRB- stereo bay in my dash , so both a regular -LRB- single-DIN -RRB- stereo and this CB fit perfectly together . The forward-facing speaker is loud and clear so no external speaker is necessary . I was always happy with the sound quality receiving/transmitting with my old unit , which served me well for 4 years before I sold the truck.Another friend of mine also had the same CB but it died after 3 years , presumably because he never tuned his antenna . I always thought it was poorly tuned because he did n't have the same range as I did -LRB- we had the same model antenna , both located on the roof -RRB- -- so tune your antenna to get the most life out of your CB -LRB- any brand -RRB- . I also bought a cheap tuner from Amazon but a local CB shop can tune it for you for a small fee . Tuning is easy to do and depends on the vehicle and mounting location -LRB- there 's not really any such thing as a pre-tuned antenna -RRB- .
 So far this Corba CB Radio has done what uwant it to do , the sound is good and clear , was easy to hook up .
 For its price and features , it 's getting the job done . Great for a newbie starting off and even for a veteran who chooses a simple and to the point device/product . Received the product quick and is of good quality . I expect to have this product functioning for a long time .
 This radio does all the ad says . It is made by Cobra , so the name is good . The price is VERY good . This has been installed in an Emergency Communication package with three other radios . It is very easy and intuitive to operate . I am hoping our communications Team will obtain three more for the other three stations we operate from.Cobra 18WXSTII 40-Channel CB Radio
 I wanted this model primarily for the scanning feature-I live and travel in areas with minimal CB activity , and I like to monitor the active channels . It works just as advertised , and I 'm happy . The dual channel monitor is also a nice touch , especially as you can select the channels to monitor .
 I recently installed this radio in my Toyota FJ Cruiser . I did n't want a hand held unit so I purchased this one . It has all the features one would need for any off-roading . I choose to mount the unit on the center console , passenger side . It is clean , easy to get to and not in the way of any passenger . I also like like the 10 NOAA channel feature . It comes in handy.I did purchase a kit specifically for the FJ to complete this . I used a bandi antenna mount , firestik coax cable , super heavy antenna mount spring , quick release and 3 ' firestik adjustabe antenna.For the price this is a pretty good unit .
 I purchased this CB because I did not want to spend over $ 100 dollars . -LRB- in case of theft -RRB- It has a scan feature which is great , but I agree with the previous post that you sometimes have to play with the squelch to get some channels -LRB- while scanning -RRB- . Weather channels are nice and the overall appearance of the radio is modern and not 70 ` ish . Soundtracker must be selected every time you turn the radio on if you really want to clearly hear anyone . -LRB- as it automatically shuts off the feature when the radio is turned off -RRB- . Almost inaudible without this feature . It also has an rear plug if you happen to place the radio inside the glove box or arm rest center console area , you can run an external speaker to where you want it.You can swith between emergency channel 9 and info channel 19 by the push of a button . The handheld mic feels `` Cheap '' , `` hollow '' and `` bulky '' in contrast to the rest of the radio . I placed in center console of 2005 F150 and fit perfectly . MOST IMPORTANT -LRB- GOOD CABLE , GOOD ANTENNA , LOCATION -RRB- . 18 ' low loss coaxial cable . I originally bought 12 ' because i did not want alot of bundled up cable under the carpet but I had to end up buying 18 ' . I am using with a 4 ' Wilson FGT antenna and I am between 1.5-1 .7 SWR . Very pleased with the general appearance , features and size of this CB . Thank you .
 Really I would give it a 4.5 . The only thing I found wrong with it was the speaker not being loud enough . If you have a 2nd gen Toyota it fits perfectly under the stereo , in that little cubby . I recomend this product to everyone who is new to CB 's . It 's a great choice .
 I discovered Tucano after shopping around for an attractive and protective laptop sleeve to match the sleekness and beauty of my MacBook Pro . Most computer sleeves are mundane and some are even downright ugly . The Tucano bag is not . It is a very stylish product that is light , useful , and high quality . It is both practical and attractive.It fits the MacBook Pro like a `` second skin '' , exactly as advertised on the bag graphics . The neoprene is stretchy and soft against the skin -LRB- if you need to carry it under your arm -RRB- . It is pliable and can also be folded or rolled up if necessary . The sleeve is also water-resistant -LRB- but not waterproof -RRB- . If you spill liquid on it , it beads up and you can quickly wipe it off before it causes any problems . The protective lining under the zipper is a nice touch , as are two zipper handles , which makes zipping and unzipping very easy.Mine came packaged inside a thick , transparent , Ziplock-style plastic bag . A matching cable pouch was included inside . Some reviewers did not receive the pouch , so you may wish to clarify with the seller before ordering.I have a red one and a black one . Both are very stylish , durable , and useful , so you do n't have to make sacrifices to look good . I 've had them for two years and there 's no sign of wear or damage . Highly recommended .
 This sleeve fits the Apple MacBook Pro 15.4 inch perfectly , and it has fabric that protects the zipper from scratching your computer . This extra fabric does add a little extra room around your computer , but it 's barely noticible -LRB- not like the InCase I had originally bought , which had about 3 inches of extra space ! -RRB- . Only reason I give it 4 stars is that it did n't come with the cord pouch like the other ones do , I think you have to buy that separately maybe . Other than that , it 's the best sleeve I 've found , and for someone that has tons of other bags but just needs extra protection for your laptop , this is the way to go .
 After extensive research I decided to buy this sleeve for my new macbook pro -LRB- aluminum unibody 15.4 in -RRB- . I 'm glad i made this choice , as the sleeve fits perfect and also provides my laptop with an ` anti-slip system ' -LRB- extra material inside the sleeve to give the laptop a snug fit and avoid zipper scratches -RRB- . I would definitely purchase from the Tucano company again . Thanks ! = -RRB- P.S. I 'm also using it as a table mat at the library lol ...
 A great way for safely transporting your Macbook Pro.Everybody is proud on his Macbook pro and like to keep it in tip top shape for as long as possible . This is one of the better options to achieve this whilst going from one place to another . The great advantage of this option is that you are not bound to one computer bag but just can stick it in any one that you want to use that day . Also it will deter those with bad intentions as you are walking without a visible computer carrier.Remember this sleeve does not have any option for storing your power cord , adaptor or any other accesory .
 I read some reviews and noticed a few people complaining about it not coming with a pouch for the power cord . It actually does come with a pouch . It opens up like a book and it has a pocket on each side . One for the power cord and one for the extension . I bought my skin at an art store about a year and a half ago and it 's good as new . The only reason I bought it was for the pouch . Most skins do n't have a pouch and this one does . The seller is probably trying to make an extra few bucks by selling the pouch separately . Shame .
 No complaints , best case available . It protects , it 's light weight , it 's stylish . Everywhere I go people ask me where they can get one . You should get one too .
 I got this for a macbook pro and it fits perfectly . Also - there is an inner protectant from the zipper to keep your macbook from getting scratched .
 Perfect fit.This case is designed so the laptop wo n't touch the zipper upon insertion or removal . I like to put my laptop into one of these cases before putting it in the messenger bag . Adds a little protection , and sometimes you just do n't want to haul the whole bag into the coffee shop.Only con is that it says MB 15.4 '' with a big square on the front . They could have put their product label inside the bag.I 'm keeping this one and sending theLaCie Coat 15-Inch MacBook Carrying Case 130920 -LRB- Black -RRB- back . See my other reviews . It is worth the additional money .
 The neoprene sleeve is great and does just what it is supposed to do . It keeps my mac book nice and scratch free and protects it from minor dings . One of the bigger selling points was the zipper protection . That is a huge bonus !! The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars is because I had to clean the outside of the case when something spilled inside my backpack . After cleaning a corner of the sleeve with simply water , that corner is now slightly brown instead of black . Other than that , the sleeve is great .
 This will be the second one of these cases I 've purchased . The first one , made for the old black Macbooks , was made so well I had to buy a second one whenever I got the newest Macbook Pro -LRB- Note
 I take my MacBook Pro with me wherever I go and usually carry it in a briefcase or backpack . Unfortunately , these do n't protect the MBP the way I like and this nice looking sleeve works great as it is slim and yet padded . I especially like the fact that it also has additional protection on the inside for keeping the zipper from scratching -- and besides , it looks cool ! Great price , and from Amazon it is easy to get .
 Great fit . I also have the grey one for the macbook 13 , and it fits well too . Nice thick , protective fabric . Great look too .
 Excellent product , quick delivery , and a very responsive and kind seller ! Note that Amazon.com erroneously lists this product as including a cable pouch ; the cable pouch is sold separately and Amazon.com refuses to fix the error , even though the seller has requested Amazon to make this change . I am really pleased both with the quality of the product , the perfect fit for my 15 '' MacBook Pro , and how really wonderful the seller was throughout the whole process . Buy_a_electronics is a fantastic business !
 I 'm picky . I 've been casually looking for a sleeve for my Macbook Pro 15.4 '' laptop . After reading reviews on several products , I finally came across the Tucano sleeve . It fits perfectly . I like the red . I highly recommend for the picky shopper .
 I wanted a sleeve that would look nice around my Macbook Pro . It had to have nice feel , durability and a fair price . I looked at some of the ones sold in the Apple Store and did n't like them . Read a lot of Mac Users had purchased the Tucano Sleeve . . So I figured I would give it a try . If I did n't like it , it would go on Ebay . I 'm liking it so far . I compared my Second Skin to a friends MBP sleeve . Well they decided to buy one too .
 This neoprene sleeve fits the 15.4 '' MacBook Pro snugly and the inner flap protects the laptop from getting scratched by the zipper . However , would have liked a funkier , more imaginative external design , and an external pocket for the cable like the Laurex brand . I ended up buying the separate cable pouch which I have filled with cables , bluetooth mouse etc. . The cable pouch has 2 internal slip-in pockets . Would be nice if these pockets could be closed with a zipper or velcro to stop everything moving about .
 Great case , it fits my new Unibody MBP beautifully . A good case for a great computer .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift . He was very pleased and he likes it a lot ! It was simple to order and came quickly !
 I bought this for my buddy . He had looked at one , and he loves it now that he has it ! Stylish and functional , what else could you want ?
 I had the hardest time figuring out which articulating arm mount to get . There are 3 or so brands that seem worth considering . I looked at the specs for all 3 brands online and decided to go with this product . It just seemed beefier and stronger looking than the others . That coupled with a slightly higher price made me confident of its capabilities.I also purchased the following TV Panasonic TH-42PX60U 42 '' Plasma HDTV -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- . I was `` hoping '' it would fit . I am here to say that it definitely fits and fits a few hundred other TV 's according to the website . There are a few brackets that did n't need to be used in my particular installation which was n't mentioned in the documentation . Also , they give you all sorts of screws and fastening components to install this unit . You only use the ones for YOUR TV based on their matrix.This unit needs to be stud or concrete mounted and is truly heavy duty . Everyone that has been over to the house has marveled at it and say they 'll be purchasing the same when they go high def . I hope this helps !
 If you need a long cabled desktop hub - then choose that . and pay moreIf you need a specific 2.0 powered hub - then choose that . and pay moreIf you need a simple , compact , basic hub for a laptop . This is fine . and is 1/4 the price ...
 This is a must-have radio for all Americans , particularly now as we face so many terrorist threats . It sounds an alarm -LRB- to wake you if you 're sleeping -RRB- and automatically warns you about special weather alerts -LRB- tornadoes and the like -RRB- as well as about local emergencies , evacuation orders , bio/chem accidents , etc. . If , for instance , a radiation event in your area occurs , the alarm will go off and you 'll get the specific instructions you and your family will need to survive or safely evacuate . In addition ... you can get up-to the-minute weather info 24/7 . Rugged , dependable , portable , works on batteries or AC . Get one for your kids ' families , too .
 This radio is the most sensitive weather radio I 've ever used . It pulls in weak signals with ease and has great audio quality.However ... Its controls are needlessly complex and non-intuitive . For example , to change the channel you do n't just press the `` channel '' button -- you press and hold the channel button for two seconds , wait for an indicator to flash , then press the up-down buttons to select the desired channel.Overall highly recommended , but it 's imperative to read the instruction manual carefully in order to accomplish even the simplest operations . -LRB- Like turing the radio on and off ! -RRB-
 I 've had this product for at least six years . I love the functionality . We receive a good number of thunderstorms in our area so the audible alert can be a hassle . But the fact I can set it to only alert visually is great . We have a vacation home so I add the county number for that location when we are there . Most of those alerts are snow related and it really saved me once because we do n't receive local stations there and a big snowstorm popped up out of the bright blue sky.I originally gave it five stars but knocked it down because of the user interface . I 'm a techie and I can pick up an object I have not touched in a while and operate it . However , I always forget how to add a county number and it takes me a few minutes to figure it out . Maybe they have already improved it since mine is so old .
 The OS WR 102 is a terrific radio , especially considering the price here on Amazon . It is essential to have a reliable weather radio since mid-Mississippi is subject to killer tornadoes and fearsome thunderstorms . I will certainly feel safer with this one close by.My only complaint
 I 've only had this weather radio for a few weeks and already had two thunderstorms where I used it . It 's a solid weather radio . The signal is great . It 's easy to change channels . It has a bright blue backlit which makes it easy to see the screen in the dark . The S.A.M.E. is awesome although I could see where people could have a little trouble setting it . Oregon Scientific has very complete information on it though . All you do is go to an official NOAA web site , type in your zip code and it gives you a `` SAME Code '' and then you enter it in to the radio . It 's similar to setting an alarm on a clock . If you do n't know what a SAME code is , a SAME code is a code you enter for your town so that you only get warnings for your town and not just ones around you . When you get a warning , the screen will flash `` Warning '' and if you want it will set off a 110 decibel siren that will wake anyone up . I have n't had any battery problems . Whenever I do n't need it I just have it in the stand -LRB- included -RRB- and have it plugged in . It 's also very rugged and it 's not afraid of a little rain . I 'd suggest this product to anyone and think everyone should get one .
 Good quality radio . Everything works great and it is put together with quality . Battery life is a little short if it stays on for SAME alarms . I just open it up and turn one battery around to make sure it is always ready to use with good batteries . I would buy another .
 I love this company - Oregon Scientific . I had bought their photo frame as a gift for my father-in-law and loved it so much that I shopped for another gift for Father 's Day and found this emergency alert monitor . It notifies you of severe weather , civil emergencies , child abductions -LRB- amber alerts -RRB- and a host of other life-threatening dangers . I have a friend with another model and his battery life is very short compared to this unit . We throw it in the car when we go camping , skiing , fishing - anytime we 're away from home and need to know about weather or emergencies . It 's a great product that we 'll never be without .
 Great portable weather alert radio . Easy to program and easy to understand instructions . It worked better straight out of the package than the previous two weather alert radios I had tried . Great price , too , best on the net .
 This weather radio is great . I love using it . You get wonderful reception , it 's easy to use -LRB- once you get the hang of weather radios -RRB- and the same messaging is great . I 'm looking foward for when there 's a real emergency to use it . If you are looking into buy weather radios this is the right one . It has a great price tag , and it 's fun and easy to use . I would definately suggest you to buy this radio . Tip
 I live in Florida , where the weather changes rapidly and we 've had our share of severe episodes . I decided on this compact model when purchasing a weather radio because it 's mobile and can be used anywhere.Yes , set-up is a little tricky , but that 's no fault of the radio . It 's getting the codes and knowing which codes to use . Inputting them is fairly simple.Our reception with the radio has been great so far . Weekly tests come in and I really enjoy the feature on the face of the radio that will flash `` watch '' , `` test '' or `` warning '' even if the sound of the broadcast is n't operating -LRB- it has a `` warning only '' option -RRB- . Finding an adapter that fits -- I 've accumulated them over the years -- is tricky . I 'm using one now that fits loosely , but I 'm not yet sure whether it 's just using battery power.The only issue I have with the radio is the `` stand . '' It 's really more of a carrying case with a clip ; I have n't been able to set it on any flat aurface yet . That 's fine , as I 'd prefer to mount it , except that you ca n't do that easily , either . You can kind of rig it with small screws , but then the case stays on the wall.All in all , however , I trust this radio enough to go to sleep during severe weather watches , knowing it will wake me in the even of something dangerous .
 A must have for those in the tornado areas , with it 's silent monitoring . Also great for sailing in so calif waters where Santa Ana winds can occur with little specific warning.I think some of the writers did not fully explore the setup wich appers to allow you to limit the warnings to a specific part of the area covered by the broadcasts.Several times the radio has awakened after months of standby operation and in the middle of the night announced a flash flood alert for my area . It also has very significant value in providing information after a natural disaster or terrorist attack.Oregon Scientific is a great company . As for the customer who dropped his radio after three years and expected free repair or replacement , that 's not the deal today with something this inexpensive.Highly recommended for what it does but the family should also have a battery operated radio for emergency use . E
 This does get the S.A.M.E. channels , has EOM also , but it loses the memory when your batteries go dead . I get only a few days from my rechargeable -LRB- option -RRB- batteries . Then I have to reprogram -LRB- yes , put the SAME codes back in -RRB- again . Thats a pain ! It 's been freezing up . On 8/4/08 , it paid for itself . The Tornado warnings and Thunderstorm warnings were fast and furious in the upper midwest . Even Wrigley Field 41,000 people , was under a Tornado Warning . -LRB- 3 touched down in the Chicago area . -RRB- -LRB- The above was added after a year of use . -RRB- This was written a few months after I recieved it . `` I love this weather radio . I go kayaking and camping every weekend in the summer . This little radio is a must . When in State forests in Wisconsin , Iowa , Illinois . . storms come up fast . I always enter the local SAME numbers and have it on . Has saved me from being on the water or in the open . . many , many times when storms have suddenly come up . ''
 We ironically bought this radio just in time to get it home and receive an alert . I 'll tell you now that we live in a major city and are therefore not far from NOAA transmissions , so I can not comment on how great the signal strength is further away.This radio is water resistant and comes with a heavy-duty belt clip and 10-second blue backlight , and therefore is probably great for outdoor enthusiasts . It 's not lightweight , but rather obviously durable , quality parts . It also has two built in alarms -LRB- and a snooze ! -RRB- . We 've not used these since we have a regular alarm clock , but this feature would definitely come in handy on a camping trip along with the backlight.We had no problem using the SAME technology to program our county and a few surrounding ones , and receive just those alerts . We keep this radio on the `` standby '' mode so it only comes on when an alert is transmitted . Also , the volume can be set anywhere between whisper quiet and unbelievably loud!One thing it is missing that I have seen on more expensive models is the ability to pick which warnings you want to hear . For example , it would be nice to just get tornado warning alerts at night and not thunderstorm warnings also . But we did n't want to spend the extra money for something that insignificant , and this radio has served us fine .
 Product works very well . This is my second Oregon Scientific weather radio .
 The radio works pretty good but has some reception issues form it 's small antenna . Overall it works good
 We live in an area that does get some severe weather -- it 's not Oklahoma , but one morning early , I was awoken by the distinctive sound of a tornado or strong down-wind rushing by the house , sounding like a train . And we get big thunderstorms . I got this radio because our local stations are weak and do n't broadcast local weather reliably.The radio comes in a holster that can clip on a belt , and it has a tether . It is sport-yellow , and obviously designed for boaters . The three batteries -LRB- not alkaline , but you can replace with these -RRB- are included so you can test that radio out right when you get it . By going onto the NOAA website , you can find your local NOAA station and tune the radio to the one of seven frequencies , indicated by letter , that is right for your area.While tuning in the frequency was a bit tedious , once it 's set up , turning the radio on is easy . You push the top right button and on comes your local NOAA station . In our area , the marine forecast comes on the quarter and three-quarters of the hour , and the local station broadcasts at the top of the hour . If there is severe weather in the broadcast area , a `` statement '' flashes on the very readable , backlit LCD screen . If there is a severe weather warning , a warning flashes , and the operating light goes from green flash to red flash.If you do n't want to listed to the continuous-loop broadcast , you can press the ON button once more , and a circle-with-a-dash comes on the LCD . This indicates the radio is on squawk-mode . If a warning or statement is issued , the radio will come on and inform you about the weather.Press the ON button once more , and it 's on MUTE -- so you will only see statement or warning indicators if you look at the operating flashing light on the upper right corner or on the screen for any statements from NOAA . Press once more , and the radio is now OFF . If you want to sleep , but be alerted of weather hazard , the squawk setting is great . It will wake you right up . If you just want to wake up at a specific time , there is an alarm clock built in , and the LCD screen always shows the time and day , as well as the station you are tuned in to.Summary
 We have been using one of these for almost a year . Radio alerts have been on par with a base radio/external antenna we use . It has worked well on our canoe/camping trips . Enabling the S.A.M.E. idenifiers -LRB- available on the NOAA website -RRB- can limit alerts to your county of preference or all counties in the alert area . The radio stores 6 county codes . This is much more specific than other plain alert radios . This radio has been able to receive NOAA stations when some other radios have not , which is interesting , considering the size of the antenna . This includes some more expensive radios and `` combo '' receivers . Until recently , the closest NOAA tower was 35 miles distant and we where able to receive the signal reasonably well . With a new local NOAA tower in town , reception is 100 percent reliable and quiet . Case construction seems fairly robust and water resistant , but is rather oddly shaped . I have been told this was the same case used in a FRS radio . Clock has two programable alarms which have been handy as a travel alarm clock . Programming is no more difficult -LRB- or easier -RRB- than any other small electronic gadgets . Not perfect , but overall , this little radio has been great .
 This weather radio is very reliable and works as promised . What is amazing is that it is so small , can be taken with you anywhere and yet still pulls in signals as well , or better than table top weather radios . Sure it will use some batteries , but if you are at home , you can just plug in an AC adapter . I can see where some could have difficulty setting it up , but once it is set up , it works great . There have been 3 tornado warnings in the past 48 hours , one of which was in the middle of the night . We were awakened by the alert and were able to move to our safe area .
 This small hand held weather radio and alert system offers a great source of NOAA weather alerts and continuous weather forecasting . We use this colorful radio when on the road and out in the field to remain aware of severe weather conditions . Straight forward instructions combined with NOAA website information help educate and prevent weather related incidents . Convenient AC adapter port allows for continuous power from direct current supplies if desired . The price of batteries is a small price to pay for the safety and benefits afforded by this pocket size weather radio . We would n't want to travel without it .
 I purchased this radio directly from Amazon for the lowest price around . When I opened the box and looked through the manual I found it was very easy to program . I had the radio and same codes set up within less than 10 minutes . The radio came with a set of batteries installed from the factory -LRB- however , they were not alkaline as recommended in the manual -RRB- . Once I pulled the battery tab the unit fired up . I scanned to my local weather channel and to my amazment it picked up the signal , crystal clear and loud without any distortion , considering the small stub antenna on the radio ! The belt clip is also a nice feature as is the back lit blue LCD screen -LRB- nice and bright -RRB- . Only drawback is it does not come with an AC adapter ; however , its sister unit the WR103 does , but does not come in the fancy sport yellow and was about $ 15.00 more than this unit . I am sure a standard AC plug from Radio Shack will work fine to power the unit ; but since you will be outdoors with it the AC power will not matter much . HA HA HA . only other negative is the alarm mode . Unless you are a light sleeper , do n't count on the alarm beep to wake you . it is faint with short beeps . I contacted Oregon Scientific about this and they confirmed that the alarm signal is very low . I give this model a perfect 5 for durabilty , ease of use and the great Amazon price tag with FREE shipping !!! If you are looking for a portable wx radio this is the one !
 Bought this radio after several tornadoes had hit our area and we now have a small child at home to worry about . We can not always hear the local sirens in the house so we wanted something that would make some noise and wake us up , if necessary.The battery life leaves a lot to be desired , but there is an a/c jack in the side of the unit . Unfortunately , it 's 7.5 volts , which is a little hard to find these days . I went to Radio Shack and bought an a/c adapter for about $ 20 and had to get one with a customizable voltage and a separate connection . Just bring it into the store and they set one up for you.It 's been very useful b/c the unit was programmed with the SAME codes and our power had gone off . At least we knew we were under a severe thunderstorm warning along with a tornado watch . Just having that information made it worth the $ 20 or so I 'd paid for the unit.I would recommend also purchasing a TV radio with a weather radio since the NOAA announcements do n't always give the path of the storm . At least you can hear the local news tell you which towns are going to be hit next on the storm 's path.Because of the battery life and the cost of the a/c adapter , I 'm considering purchasing the docking version of this to keep for another level of the house . For $ 45 , it seems to be a better deal .
 Living in the tornado belt always has your ear to the radio , when at home I use the Television for our reports unless the power goes out like it does over and over doing a storm . This is when the new radio I bought comes in very handy . The WR102 comes to the rescue , with its strong signal and its storm information we know as much as one can know about tornados in our area . When I leave home on a day that looks like there could be a storm I carry the radio on my belt just in case I need to know whats going on around me so I can protect my family . The radio also has a light that flashes from green to red letting you know that a severe weather warning is in affect . Its a great radio and every one that lives where weather can be a problem should own one . With the WR102 you do n't even have to listen to it unless a storm is near and it will turn on and give you the weather reports in your area . If you do n't live in an area like I do where tornados are a problem , then the radio will inform you of any types of weather conditions . If you live on the coast and own a boat the radio is a must . I just can not say enough about this radio , its a must buy . Larry Hobson - Author - The Day Of The Rose
 Set up was troublesome . However , once done , the unit has proven very simple to use . It works quite well . Very satisfied .
 Great value - very useful in the middle of the night when you want to find out quickly whether the thunderstorm that 's going on around you , is really something to worry about ... Should come with an AC power supply though .
 Life saver when you live in areas where tornadoes occur frequently . Portable for taking on trips away from home is a plus . Bought over ten years ago and original one was replaced for free when it was found to be defective .
 This is a good little portable weather radio , but it 's not worth what this vendor is asking for it . I bought mine at West Marine for about $ 25 -- this vendor wants that much just to ship it ... If you want to spend over $ 100 on a weather radio , there are much more advanced models out there .
 A great tool to own especially when you are outdoor in the elements . It forecast the weather conditions , such as forth coming storms , the temperature , the winds speed and much more . Excellent gift for the outdoors persons !
 This weather radio not only provides weather alerts 24X7 but also includes all the latest emergency alerts issued by government agencies for public safety . The SAME codes are easy to use . With all of the uncertainties and dangers of the modern world , this product provides much needed piece of mind for family . The battery life on this unit is also exceptionally good which is ideal for vacation and weekend travel .
 After being a Windows nerd for a few years before buying my beloved Apple G4 , I had grown used to the convience of a two button mouse with a wheel . My Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer was the king of mice in my mind . This little one-buttoner , which was packaged with my G4 , does hold it 's own against its competitors.First off , it 's very sleek and sexy . The clear plastic shell and red under-glow make it look super high-tech . It 's like a little ufo floating around your mouse pad.It also handles like a dream . Where some ball mice get gunked-up and the under-side becomes rough , the Apple mouse hardly ever needs cleaning . The optical eye hovers far enough above the desktop surface so it wo n't pick up dirt and dust.While the mouse looks hi-tech and zooms across any smooth surface effortlessly , it does have a couple flaws . One-button mice , in my mind , are seriously handicapped . In the amount of time it takes to either a. hold the mouse button down long enough to get the * right click * effect , or b. hold the option button and click , I could have actually clicked a right mouse button at least five times . The conviennce of having more than one button on a mouse is unbelievable . Apple 's little guy does n't have that convienence . Maybe it 's because I play online shooters on my Mac , and if you play with this mouse , you 're as good as dead.Another gripe I have is that the cord is horrendously short . PC users looking to use this mouse will have to also buy a USB extension cord -LRB- which comes standard with any PowerMac -RRB- . I also had to leave it at home when on the road with my G3 Powerbook . It just does n't cover a lot of mouse pad realestate.All complaints aside , it is a very nice mouse with killer looks and feel.For native Apple users , this is all you 'll need as long as your mouse and Apple USB keyboard is within 15 inches of each other . PC users and gamers who are used to two-button mice and long cords , skip this one and go pick up a Wireless Intellimouse Explorer . You get five buttons plus a wheel and no cord restraints .
 I borrowed a friend 's Foretrex 201 on a vacation and was immediately impressed with the ease of use and flexibility in being able to customize the unit to your particular needs . I immediately bought one when I returned !! I preferred the 101 over the 201 due to the fact that since I was camping , recharging was an issue . It is certainly easy enough to carry a few spare AAA 's with you.I customized the screens for my extensive road biking , saved tracks for a variety of trips , especially in areas I am not familiar with , and am able to track my performance with more ease and reliablity than with my hard wired bike tripometer.The only thing I would have liked to have seen , minor as this is , is multiple odometers as I want to separate my biking miles from my hiking miles.So as an owner of a Streetpilot III for some years now , I was already a Garmin fan and I would highly recommend the Foretrex and other Garmin products , they are all first rate .
 I really had no intentions of buying a new case for my Athlon XP system until this one practically hit me in the face while surfing the net . The cool styling caught my attention instantly , and after checking the spec 's at the Antec website and reading some of the reviews out there on this baby , I knew I had to have one.This case is built like a Mac truck , very solid heavy gauge metal . Not cheap & flimsy like most other cases out there . The drives `` snap in '' from the front with side rails , and it comes standard with a relatively quiet 300W P4 ready power supply & an 80mm case fan.This case is only about a 1/2 '' taller than my previous ATX case , but I guess that was enough to bring my CPU temp down another 4 degrees under the same conditions -LRB- horizontally mounted PS , rear mounted case fan , etc. -RRB- . Now maybe that does n't sound like much of a temp difference to the average user , but most Athlon builders will do just about anything to lower their CPU temps by another 2-3 degrees -LRB- ever hear of water cooling - yikes !! -RRB- . If you can afford a couple of extra bucks for a really nice case , I HIGHLY recommend this one . I am sure that you will not feel the little extra money you spent was wasted.I really doubt I 'll be looking to upgrade from this one ... until they change the ATX standard anyway .
 I bought this as a gift for my parents for Christmas . They absolutely love the system , and it has performed very well ... A great first-time surround sound audio collection ...
 This product is wonderful . It was quick and easy to set up and it came with everything necessary to put it together . I had a DVD playing 10 minutes after I took it out of the box ! I shopped around before purchasing this system and this truly was a great value . The Oritron HT240 is one of the better-priced complete theater systems , and aesthetically it is one of the most attractive .
 I 've been having my Toshiba 3750 for 2 weeks now . No problems so far . I 've played an MP3 disc with 140 songs , worked excellent . I 've rented and played about 10 movies , flawless operation . I have it hooked up to my Technics receiver via an optical cable , no problems with sound or video.No complaints and no problems with any aspect of this DVD player . Excellent choice for regular home users like me ...
 Buying my first DVD player was a big deal for me . I did a lot of research , and everything pointed back to Toshiba for the best value . This player was very easy to install and get running . It loads DVD 's in about 10-15 seconds , and the picture quality is incredible , even without using the component hook-ups . The best news is , as I upgrade my TV , I wo n't have to upgrade my DVD player . Get this player while it lasts !
 For my newly-acquired HDTV , I knew I was going to have to move up from my much-beloved interlaced player for something progressive scan . I had pretty much figured I was going to hold out for a Marantz or Pioneer Elite , because I wanted the best possible picture on that huge , detailed screen.Fortunately , my older receiver , which I was n't planning to replace until I could go all-out , required that whatever DVD player I buy have an onboard Dolby Digital decoder , thus limiting my options . I looked at several high-end machines , but I had happened to see the SD5700 demonstrated , pretty much by accident . The picture quality was up there with the pricey models , and the machine had a surprising number of attractive features -- the ability to play MP3s , HDCDs , and DVD-Audio , plus a better-quality zoom and on-screen menu . So , knowing I 'd have the option of returning it , I tried one out.Seven months later , it 's still on my audio rack . The picture quality is outstanding -- a high-quality DVD , such as `` Monsters , Inc. '' , looks nearly as sharp as high-definition -- and low-quality discs do n't look bad , either . There honestly is little quality difference between the progressive picture from this machine and that from many of its more expensive cousins.An especially nice feature is the progressive output which allows you to adjust the picture on an HDTV which wo n't change picture formats with a progressive feed . The practical upshot of this feature is that if you have a non-anamorphic DVD , you can set the progressive feed at 4:3 , use the DVD remote to zoom in on the picture , and it 's almost as if the disc were enhanced for 16:9 . You ca n't control the zoom as exactingly as you could with a normal picture , but as someone who has a number of early , non-anamorphic movies in his library , this feature is a godsend . The picture quality is near-anamorphic . Also , it 's a good tool for viewing 4:3 pictures -LRB- such as a DVD of a television program -RRB- in their correct aspect ratio , without any stretching or distortion of the image . It windowboxes the picture , producing black bars on the sides , which is better for the TV than than the bright grey bars the TV would produce on its `` narrow '' setting . It 's not great for the TV , but it 's no worse than viewing a 1:2.35 movie with bars on the top and bottom.The sound is high-quality as well , though most of the cons in playback come from this feature . I have to set the receiver volume higher than I would with my old player , and I 'd swear -LRB- though others disagree -RRB- that the player cuts off the first half-second of sound when switching to a new screen in the menus . But it still sounds great , especially when you 're letting a good receiver do the work -LRB- as I do now with my DD-EX/DTS-ES machine -RRB- . I 've had no complaints.I have tried only one borrowed HDCD on the machine , as music is not my primary purpose for owning my equipment . I 'm not the best person for judging its merits , but to me , it sounded wonderful . Likewise the DVD-Audio , which I 've used a little more often . It 's true ; you do have to switch to the analog 5.1-channel outputs to use the DVD-A feature , which can be a bit of a pain , but the sound quality is good . I would tend to agree with those who say it could use a little more kick in the bass , but I let my receiver and speakers take care of that.I enjoy playing MP3s on this thing -- it 'll find the songs wherever they 're buried on a CD-R , and will even play them at random . The on-screen -LRB- TV screen -RRB- MP3 title menu screams `` 1985 , '' though , and the big clunky letters wo n't show you the entire song title . But navigating among the titles is easy , and it 's incredible to be able to play 200 songs without changing discs.The onscreen menus for the player are intriguing . You can do from a button on the remote , while a disc is playing , a lot of things that other players require you to stop the disc and find a menu to do . The NAVI function gives you a full function menu while keeping the picture going in the center of the screen . Some unexpected and useful functions include a title menu which will show the first scene from every title on the disc -LRB- though it wo n't always let you play every title -- like the hidden blooper reels on the `` Star Wars '' discs -- you can see them , but you ca n't access them from there -RRB- . It will similarly show you each chapter or each time interval of your choosing.As with other machines , you can capture screen images and use them as your background , or as your screen saver.At the factory setting , the player beeps every time you push a button or navigate on the remote , which I found rather irritating -- but quickly found you can turn that function off.The remote leaves some to be desired . It 's cheapish in looks , and the navigation is done with a thumbstick ... which would be a good feature if the top of the stick did n't have raised dots which will redden your skin until you develop a callus.Yes , as others have said , the manual is poor , hard to read through , and not very explanatory . I had to learn some of the features from others and from the Internet.Overall , this player has been an outstanding buy . It 's hard to believe it cost so little -- and is out there for even less than what I paid in May . The picture quality is exceptional , and the pile-on of features makes this the best value for the money I 've seen . It 's a player which compares to those priced at -LSB- money -RSB- .
 Love the player , but the mp3 playback seems buggy ... I did an experiment using a single test song on various CD-R/CD-RWs burned at different speeds , using different mp3 encoders at differing bitrates -LRB- 128-256k -RRB- , stereo modes , etc. , but every one played with loud pops and warbles throughout the song . They 're so loud they 're impossible to ignore . The defects are in different places during the test song , so I 'm not sure what 's causing it -LRB- disc surface , encoding , decoding ??? -RRB- . Anyone have any tips ? -LRB- I read somewhere that gold media worked better than blue-green , but where do I find gold media ? You ca n't tell by the packaging what color the media is ... -RRB- TIA .
 I went all out . Never owned dvd player or high definition tv . I did a lot of research online and this toshiba had the most features for the money plus for future benefit will play dvd-r . someday we can record things and this unit will be able to play it . My tv is the panasonic hx36 which is 4:3 aspect ratio -LRB- regular square tv -RRB- BUT man what a picture even with out hdtv signal it makes regular cable and dvd picture impeccable . NOW for my question when i swith from progressive to interlace with the remote -LRB- you can do this if the switch on back of unit is set to progressive -RRB- you can judge the picture between interlace versus progressive very quickly ... there is NO difference ... both pictures are impeccable sharp and like no other . SO , is why all the hype about you get best picture with progressive and combined HDTV monitor . it seems to me the tv is what makes the picture so good and it did n't have to be progressive scan . Any thoughts if possibel email me .
 I 've owned 3 DVD players and this one so far has been the best . The picture has sharp quality , especially using the S-Video cable connection , and the colors are very vibrant . The on screen navigation is very simple as is changing audio settings while playing a DVD . I 've played all qualities of DVDs from brand new to scratched up library rentals and it has played every one of them.The only negative and the reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the clumsy layout of the remote control . The buttons are very small and do n't seem to be layed out very well compared to most other models.But all in all , this player is well worth the money !
 I did n't buy this DVD player to listen to MP3s or CDs , I bought it strictly to watch DVDs in 480p with Dolby Digital 5.1 . For the price , this is an excellent progressive-scan DVD player . However , it does have the chroma bug , which most people wo n't even notice.The unit has composite , S-Video , and Y/Cr/Cb component outputs . You need component video to display in progressive scan , as well as a TV that outputs in 480p , such as an HDTV . Truthfully , progressive scan makes very little difference on a standard 480i -LRB- interlaced -RRB- TV.Audio outputs are composite , optical , and digital coax -LRB- bitstream -RRB- . The latter two are required for Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS.I am not overly concerned with features or the remote ; if it works , I 'm happy . Notably on the remote control , there is a button that allows the user to toggle between interlaced and progressive scan to check the difference . In some cases , interlaced looks better on older source material , since seeing interlaced source material doubled to progressive often shows you all the junk that was previously hidden.The A/V quality is top-notch , with 54 Mhz video decoding and 192 Khz audio decoding . The player itself is relatively artifact-free . Overall , this is an excellent player , especially considering I got it new ... on sale . However , for best-in-class single disc progressive scan , 54 Mhz/192 Khz , the Panasonic RP-82 appears to be the DVD player of choice .
 You can not go wrong with this very nice DVD player . It has everything you could want except for DVD-Audio , which is okay since the selection of them is so limited . By the time the selection is better , this DVD player will be old and in need of replacement anyway . This player has an excellent picture , good sound , and a nice menu and button layout . The remote is good . For the money , this player is a winner !
 Had for 1 year . Plays DVD-R 's and DVD-v 's perfectly . mp3 sound quality does not come anywhere near my awe64 gold sound card . I dont recommend this if mp3 's are important to you . Otherwise its been a great player
 Great player , especially in progressive scan mode . I was more interested in this unit as a DVD player , but I have played several CD-RWs without a hitch . Only complaint is that remote could be better laid out , but that 's really a quibble .
 Great DVD player for the price . Got it for 180 bucks -LRB- shipped -RRB- from another e-tailer . Plusses
 I spent all day yesterday and today researching DVD players online , and then went to three major electronics stores to try them out and figure out which one was the best . I knew I wanted the following features : Progressive scan - even though I do n't have a TV that can utilize , I may upgrade soonAdvanced Menu SystemMP3/CD - with MP3 , I wanted a navigational system , and most importantly I wanted to be able to random play the disc.I took an MP3 CD to the store and popped it in each of the MP3/DVD players . I tried probably 20 or 30 of them in the end , and I was most impressed with the Toshiba . It loaded the disc the quickest , and random play worked like a charm . Scan time was the quickest when it had to jump around the disc . It has a navigation system online , but only supports the first 8 characters and ends with the ~ 1 characters.It has S-Video output and the newer colorstream component output . I 'm stuck with the A/V typical jacks . Regardless of me being stuck with the worst grade video output because of my older TV , the picture looked great . I watched O Brother Where Art Though , and as far as I could tell , it looked fantastic . Sound is hooked into my Sony receiver and it sounds great , too . I pop an MP3 disc in and hit shuffle and it works as expected . No support for tags ... nor can you fast-forward through a song , though . When I got home , I compared this model to other more expensive models , and it had all their features and more ... so I feel like I made a wise investment , and am very happy with the product . It also comes with an advanced remote which allows you to do angle shots , zoom in/out , record and loop frames , turn on subtitles , etc. , etc. .
 This Toshiba SD3750 is the 4th DVD player I 've purchased , and this blows all the others out of the water ! First I had a Phillips -LRB- ... -RRB- player -LRB- I forget the model -RRB- which worked okay except that it was slow playing MP3 's , and the power button started only working sometime after a few months -LRB- doh ! -RRB- . My second player was a TEAC 5 disk changer , but this one refused to play DVD 's or CD 's right out of the box and only played my MP3 disk . After about an hour of use , it stopped working completely and my disks got stuck in it ! My third player was a Panasonic RV21U-K which was okay except that the display was a bit flickery , it did n't display MP3 song names , and it did n't zoom.The Toshiba is by far the best machine ! It has all the features I 've wanted : - very nice , readable menu system - MP3 playback is quick and it shows the names on the TV - CD playback shows names on the tv AND on the actual dvd player LED display . This is pretty cool ! - zoom in/out feature with DVD movies - nicely designed remote control - large , descriptive manualAnyhow , I 'd highly reccomend this player . Other Toshiba models that also look good are the 2710 , and the 4700 .
 Overall is the best DVD player I have tried . Considering the feature set and price and I am very pleased with this unit.Pros : - Excellent image quality -LRB- however I ca n't comment on the progressive scan feature - I purchased this for the other features -RRB- . - Nice menu navigation - accessable from the front panel as as well as from the remote . - Easy to use remote . - Nice zoom -LRB- I currently and will for some time stay with a 4:3 conventional TV -RRB- and I like to use the zoom the when watching the extreme widescreen format -LRB- I actually prefer the 16:9 high-definition viewing format that some DVD releases have -RRB- . This player zooms the ultra widescreen first to close to 16:9 and then to close to fullscreen zoom.The first step -LRB- 16:9 -RRB- zoom has incredible zoom resoulution - almost as good as the original ultra-widescreen image.The only better zoom I 've seen is the Toshiba 2300 NUON which I think has been discontinued although I think I saw a Samsung NUON unit that claims a good zoom . The Toshiba 2300 lacks other features though . - Operates and feels like it has some quality.Cons : - All DVD players that I tried have limited MP3 playback capability . I have a RioVolt portable that does a much better job of playing MP3 files than any home CD or DVD player I have seen . - Toshiba 3750 does not support CD-RW MP3 disks on this unit and sure enough , my unit will not play CD-RW MP3 disks at all . Normal CD-R MP3 disks seem to work OK . - MP3 playback is either sequential or full disk random and is user selectable . No directory only sequential or random . - I had to burn my MP3 disks using the ISO level 1 -LRB- 8 character music file names - no extensions -RRB- which is almost useless for me if I want to actually figure out the filename in the directory listing because I rip my MP3 files using a `` artist - song title '' filename format and there is no tag support so all I see in the Toshiba directory listing is artist ~ 1 , artist ~ 2 , artist ~ 3 for example -LRB- in contrast my RioVolt plays the extended format and supports tags - so the full artist name and song title is displayed in the directory listing -RRB- . In closing I think this is a great DVD player.The MP3 feature is limited but still useful for playing a disk full of songs either sequentially or randomly.In general there is great potential for nice MP3 navigation with these players because the video screen is available for MP3 file navigation and selection - even playlists could be supported , but no one in the DVD player arena seems to be close to this yet.The Video features and quality are great .
 After having a nightmarish experience with the Panasonic CV50 , I decided to go with a different brand of player . I could n't have made a better choice . This player delivers all it claims and more . I found CD-R , MP3 , and DVD 's all play flawlessly on this player . It even plays CD-RW 's , although Toshiba dose n't recommend it . I found layer changes to be almost seamless , and the player `` warms '' up quickly . The remote is easy to understand , and the player will even beep to let you know you 've pushed a button on the remote -LRB- this can be turned off , if you wish -RRB- . Anyone out there who is considering trying to save themselves fifty bucks or so by buying a cheaper player should think again ... the Toshiba is definately a bargain at under 200 dollars !
 I do n't claim that this player is a top-of-the-line MP3 player . It contains that function to benefit the consumer , but for its primary function of playing DVD 's , it absolutely rocks.I own a corresponding flatscreen Toshiba TV , thus utilizing the component inputs . In addition , I use a digital optical cable connected directly into my a/v receiver . The video quality is as crisp and clear as any I 've seen on a midrange player . The audio quality in DTS or DD mode is superb given that you own a fair home theatre system . Even , if you do not own a high end TV or home theatre system , this DVD player will improve the experience substantially , but it will not be fully utilized . If you can afford it , I highly recommend buying at least a flatscreen TV with component inputs . I 've observed the difference between an RCA cable , S-video cable , and component cables and the difference is startling ! Using an RCA cable is a disservice . If you do not have at least an S-video input , you wo n't realize the true worth of this machine.The remote is not user friendly or the most functional remote out there , but Toshiba normally does not make good remotes . If you buy Toshiba products , you just have to put up with it . I was close to buying the top of the line Toshiba DVD -LRB- SD-9200 -RRB- , but backed out last minute , though it is one of the top DVD players out there , due to the huge price difference . For the price , $ ... , depending on where you buy it , the Toshiba SD-3750 is difficult if not impossible to beat , especially given its progressive capabilities .
 I bought this as a single disc for bedroom ... when I realized that it would work in tandem with my Toshiba HDTV widescreen I moved my Panasonic 5-disc into the bedroom . I was amazed at the improvement . Using the colorstream component outs ... it made the image appear 10x better than with my non-progressive scan . A remarkable buy ... one drawback ... the sales clerk did n't alert me to the 5-disc Tosh Progressive Scan ... grrrrrrrrr !
 After doing extensive Internet and local store research I settled on this player for a number of reasons .1 -RRB- Progressive scan to stave off obsolecence .2 -RRB- It actually read and played my burned MP3 discs3 -RRB- Company reputation4 -RRB- High ratings accross the Internet and from store salesmen5 -RRB- Several others.I have had the player now for nearly a week , have watched several olderer -LRB- Matrix -RRB- and several newer -LRB- Shrek -RRB- DVDs with the player . Layer changes are almost completely transparent , menu navigation is easy and fairly responsive , video image is crisp , and audio is noticeably superior to VHS . The audio and video reviews are based on RCA connections as I have yet to get real cables for the device , so I expect both the audio and video to improve another notch in the near future . MP3 playback is heavenly , with random capability . The only limitation is the limited 8 character display on screen . Once I upgrade cables , I wo n't even turn the TV on to listen to MP3 , so this is a non-issue for me.Set-up was a breeze and operation is self-explanatory . The only drawback , 0.5 star , is the remote . All the buttons are roughly the same size , closely packed , and the grip is anything but ergonomic . The odd thing is , the remote in my box is nothing like the remote that Toshiba shows on their web site as coming with this player . In reality , this is only a minor quibble as I will soon be transferring all my remotes to one universal remote and should not have to use the stock remote ever again.All in all , the player is top quality at a very affordable price and does everything that it should with aplomb .
 Great replacement for a Panasonic DVD-31 that died only 7 months into the purchase -LRB- and out of labor warranty of course ... grrrrrrrrrrrrr !!!!!!! -RRB- I like most of the features except the remote which seems to be a problem with Toshiba dvd players regardless . Anyways very happy , no problems during playback , zoom , etc. . MP3 quality on CD-R media is excellent , never used MP3 on CD-RW . Great sound quality using the Yamaha Amp . Also great for the future for the progressive scan output . Forget Panasonic , they do n't have zoom feature . Menu selection a little slow to change screens but good layout otherwise .
 Toshiba Progressive-Scan DVD Player Model
 First of all , I 'd like to start by saying that this DVD player does a awesome job on playing DVD Movies ! Picture and sound are excellent ... For the 4-stars : I took away 2 stars because my primary use of this machine was MP3 playback ... There are lots of improvement to be made in the MP3 portion of this machine : : Positive
 When I bought a new DVD player , I was looking for a wide range of formats , because there 's no stereo in that room . This player is advertised as being able to play MP3 files . That 's not quite true , as I discovered . It can play < 128Kbps , old-style 8.3 filenames , and not always perfectly.I agree with some of the other reviewers that the remote could have been better designed ; I find that it 's difficult to do by touch because the buttons are very close together . Also , the arrow navigation is a little awkward ; you have to use Up/Down/Left / Right the way Toshiba wants you to -LRB- keep hitting right , and it wo n't go to the next line , for example -RRB- . In the grand scheme of things , though , these are relatively minor flaws . I bought this unit to play DVDs , and it does that well -- good picture and sound quality . I do n't use the progressive-scan feature -LRB- I bought this model because it seemed to offer the most features in my price range ; the PS was a bonus -RRB- so I ca n't comment on that.If you want to play DVDs , and maybe some CDs and CD-Rs , this is a good unit to buy .
 The unit functions well . Chasis and disk drawer are a bit flimsy , but that is to be expected at this price range . Audio and Video DAC performance is optimal . 540 PScan picture quality is optimal on my Toshiba 65X81 '' HDTV . The only feature missing that I would want would be the center voice amplification enhancement that some newer models offer , but then again my Sony ES tuner takes care of that for me , so it really does n't bother me . Not remotely interested in playing MP3s , which is what other folks complain about . Why in the world would anybody want to play MP3 's on a proprietary home unit anyhow , its not a computer folks ? To save a few bucks , get over it . Play the accepted widestream format , CD !!! Overall ca n't beat the current $ 179.00 price tag for the included features . End of story ...
 Never order for Christmas electronics from Amazon . They willtell you its available and then at the last minute , theywill tell you its delayed and ca n't be shipped until afterChristmas . They evidently do not understand the conceptof commiting inventory to an order at the time of order.They do not care if they ruin people 's Christmas by not fulfilling their commitments .
 I agree with the other 2 reviewers , Toshiba has announced this new product line of Progressive Scan players way back in June this year , BUT is yet to ship out ANY except the SD3755 . I 'm personally waiting for the SD4700 BUT am getting tempted to get the SD3750 instead as it has ALL the features of the SD4700 minus the In-built Dolby Decoder & a less advanced remote :--RRB- In fact all these players r in their catalog but their website is a mess as is their production of these players . Most of the e-tailors who r to carry the SD4700 r expecting it by mid this month , whereas Toshiba cust srvc was of the opinion that it should 've shipped last week . Bottom line nobody has any clues , strangely enough Amazon is the only one to carry the SD3750 !!
 Hey guys , why are you ragging about a DVD player that is n't even out yet ? You are supposed to be rating the player on this page . Your poor reviews for another DVD player has given this one a low rating . Next time rag somewhere else ! I ordered this player based on Toshiba 's reputation and all the state of the art features it offers . I 'm very optimistic that it will be the right DVD player for me .
 No issues with installation or operation . That particular Dell might be a bit old , but it hums like a top .
 Anyone interested in this camera should read professional reviews by people who have actually used the camera . -LRB- ... -RRB- This site gives a pro . review . Here 's another ... -LRB- ... -RRB- These people have actually held the camera and tested them . I 'm guessing that these two reviews are based purely on assumptions . The camera is n't even available to the general public until sometime in Sept. . People really should n't review a product that they have n't even used .
 Just had this for a week or so now , and it 's my first digital , though I do wedding photography -LRB- on film and rented high-end digital cams -RRB- and I 'm pretty experienced with photography.My wife and I were with some friends in Flagstaff , AZ , and in addition to kicking around town , we hiked Humphrey 's Peak -LRB- at 12,633 ' , the highest peak in AZ -RRB- . For night shots , portraits , panoramas -LRB- with Stitch Assist -- see below -RRB- , scenics , and candids , this is a great camera.It 's not as fast and responsive as my film camera , but no point-and-shoot digital is at this point . The only cameras that are that quick in focusing and processing are the high-end digital SLR bodies . So for the price , this is a very responsive and able camera.The Stitch Assist feature is very impressive . With the included software , I just downloaded the photos to Zoom Browser EX , selected the folder where the photos shot with the Stitch Assist mode resided -LRB- one folder for each panorama -RRB- , and the external stitching program automatically put the photos together . There 's a little manual control if you like , but it was so easy that I left it alone . I 'm normally a tweaker , but it was great without my help . :-RRB- I have some great panoramas of the summit of Humphrey 's as we were getting to the top.The Macro mode is great as well , as I got a really nice shot of some of the ice pellets that had fallen on the ground . I have a macro setup for my film body , but it 's a pain.Vertical and horizontal photos are automatically rotated if you prefer -- a very nice feature . I would prefer not to have to go through hundreds of photos and do post-rotation . I 've done it with wedding photos , and it 's a pain.The lens on this camera is very good . Overall clarity is good and distortion is low . There is some barrel distortion at the wide angle setting , but it 's not too objectionable . Plus the f/2 .0 - f/3 .0 speed is a boon to low-light shooting . The front-facing flash on this camera is the typical small kind of flash that 's also close to the lens . I 've always found this kind of lighting harsh and unflattering , so I like to shoot with ambient light if possible . Now that I do n't have to use color correction filters and can have the white balance suited to the light color temperature , I can shoot indoors without flash ! Finally!Noise levels are pretty good , but not great compared with the high-end digital bodies . Again , not a fair comparison , so for the money , very good . Just not as good as is possible . I can dream , ca n't I?The only thing that I would like is more zoom range . I guess I could 've gotten the Pro 1 with a 10x zoom , but the 35-140 range is good for many things , from scenics to portraits . I also could get one or both of the wide angle/telephoto conversion lenses.A great camera for the money .
 The Canon G6 is a great camera . I upgraded from a Canon Powershot A80 to the G6 . The A80 showed me that Canon makes a good camera , but was lacking a few features I really wanted.To me , this camera is a perfect collection of compromises . I want a small camera for family snapshots , that 's easy to use . I want a large , capable camera for art work like portraits and landscape , and action shots like sports and recreation.When I 'm on vacation , and want some snaps of the kids goofing around or of dinner or something , I do n't need a camera that makes me jump through hoops to get a decent shot , I just want to point and shoot . In full auto , or aperature priority , or shutter speed priority , the pictures are usually sharp and crisp . Set the image size to one of the medium or small settings and you can use the high speed multi-shot feature to get a series of action shots that guarantee that you 'll get at least a few good ones.I have no qualms about setting this camera to auto , handing this camera to a person with little or no photgraphic experience , and letting them click away . It 's easy enough to learn that most folks can be taking nice pictures in less than an hour , and pros can be taking great pictures in no time at all.On the other hand , a lot of the work I do is very artistic , and involves using manual settings . When going for the perfect picture , it is often necessary to adjust the focus , aperature , and shutter speed to get the exact picture you want . This camera has manual focus , a feature I sorely missed on my older Powershot A80.Another thing that bothers me on most other cameras , is that you have to wade through a bewilderingly large collection of menu options to make the smallest changes . While I can understand using a layer or two of menus for things like basic settings -LRB- time , format a CF card -RRB- I ca n't see it for something as basic as film speed or white balance.Which is why I love this camera . The following items are one button away : FlashFlash Output LevelMulti-imageTime delay photoAutofocus areaMacro modeManual FocusWhite BalanceZoom in / outFilm Speed -LRB- 50 to 400 -RRB- Picture mode -LRB- auto , Manual , Manual preset 1 and 2 , Av , Tv , Portratit , Landscape , Backlit , Panorama , movie -RRB- My favorite things about this camera : Battery life is excellent . I bought a spare battery , but I 've never actually use the one that came with it in less than a day . It charges fast too.Picture quality
 I had been researching digital cameras for some time before making my purchase of my G6 a few weeks ago . For a few years , I 've been shooting with my Minolta Maxxum 5 SLR , because it was lightweight and gave me all the things I needed in a camera . I broke into digital slowly -LRB- as most people did given that just a few years ago , a 2.0 MP digital camera ran about $ 300 -RRB- . I had a meager Fuji A340 and then moved up to a Canon SD100 which I loved-small with decent images . I looked around at the digital SLR 's , but for what I do , I did n't like two things about them
 This is my third digital camera , but it 's been a few years since the second and it was definitely obsolete . I was tempted to go top of the line , because I 've two excellent SLRs -LRB- Nikon and Minolta -RRB- with all the trimmings , but the prices made that unfeasible right now.I 'm very satisfied with the features of the Canon G6 however ; I 've taken about 400 shots so far , plus one movie , tried out all the software for stitching panoramas together , etc. . I still mainly use PhotoShop , but the Canon software is quite good.The photo quality is excellent , including color and the opticalzoom and wideangle range is good for most purposes . The macro setting also does a nice job.The controls are easy to use for the most part for anyone at all familiar with full featured SLRs , and better than most . I 've made very few mistakes in the field as a result of control confusion.What I 'm less thrilled about -LRB- nitpicking -RRB- : Like most electronics these days , even if you 've got very small hands like me , it is hard to keep from getting a finger in the wrong place , just about every square inch is covered with a control . I would have liked to have an insert -LRB- like Nikon supplies -RRB- to cover the flash hotshoe contacts . And every time I remove the battery or memory card , I have to watch out to grab the camera by the few areas that do n't have a control on them . Also , the cable input has a typical tiny plastic door that would be all too easy to break off , and the neck strap attachment is too close to the memory card door , and tends to interfere with it opening all the way.Also , in preview mode it tells you how many shots you have taken but not how many left , and in shooting mode , vice versa . It is annoying to have to switch to shooting mode to see how many left , especially if you are using the lens cover , because then the lens deploys out , and you have to remember to take the lens cover off first -LRB- deploying the lens with the cover on is a no-no . -RRB- I also got the camera case designed for the G6 . Again like all too many `` cases '' it is a tight fit , only has a single inside pocket that you can only get an extra card in and still get the camera in too . And the case would not really be good dust protection and it zips up the sides but the top opening is just covered by a flap . And because of the tight and awkward fit , it is easy to accidentally turn the camera on , deploying the lens , while putting the camera into the case . The case comes with a belt loop , but you have to supply your own belt , and it has no other strap or handle except a tiny loop located at the top end of on side zipper , where it just gets in the way . Not a good design.I also checked out some of the accessories available , like additional lens and flash , but they 're very expensive , like the macro lights are more than the camera ! So I do n't know if I 'll get any of the add-ons later on.But overall , the G6 is already my next favorite camera to my Nikon SLR , powerful yet easy to use , and even fun ! Definitely 5 stars for the camera , 1 star for the case .
 At 7.1 megapixels , this camera delivers images that measure 3072 x 2304 pixels . But a robust megapixel count is n't all the G6 has going for it . Megapixels are meaningless if the optics and the camera 's guts are substandard . A lot of high-megapixel cameras create images that lack smoothness , lifelikeness , and detail . The G6 is a total champ in those respects.I 've used it for five days now . This is a preliminary verdict . * PROS of the Powershot G6 : Very good color accuracy , very good resolution , virtually noisefree even at 400 ISO . AMAZING detail and sharpness , the equivalent of my Nikon D70 digital SLR -LRB- ?! -RRB- . Very good macro performance . Built-in neutral-density filter . Fast lens in terms of sensitivity -LRB- f2 .0 -RRB- . Fast monitor with swivel feature . Pretty much all the user controls you would find on a pro DSLR . * CONS of the Powershot G6 : ISO does n't go beyond 400 . Only 4x optical zoom . Lens slow to zoom
 I had been using a Powershot A20 -LRB- 2 megapixel -RRB- camera for several years and decided to upgrade to a digital camera that gave me the ability to learn and use shutter speeds , lenses , etc. . I did n't want to spend $ 1,000 or more on a camera that required instant knowledge of basic photography -LRB- it 's been many years since I tried to manually focus -RRB- . The G6 has provided everything I wanted . By using the various modes -LRB- Auto , P , Tv , Av and M -RRB- , I can take point & shoot shots for general use and still have the option to use manual controls to learn the best shutter speed for water shots , etc. . The 4x optical zoom is fine for most shots , and with the 1.75 x teleconverter you increase that to 7x . The macro and supermacro setings are absolutely fantastic - I 've got shots of dew drops on flowers that are amazing . There are many other settings in the menu and function areas worth looking at . The vivid setting punches up colors -LRB- perfect for flowers , etc. but be careful to change it back when shooting people -RRB- , the ND filter is great when you want to use slow shutter speeds , and the flash sync allows you to change when the flash goes off . One of the coolest abilities of this camera is the ability to shoot in Jpeg and , during the review period right after taking the shot , push the flash button and your shot is converted into RAW . This means that you do n't need to take all your shots in RAW -LRB- just in case you get that one special shot -RRB- . As RAW reduces your storage capacity by more than half , this is wonderful . The battery life is one of the best - I can get about 3-5 days of average use -LRB- 50-80 photos/day -RRB- on one battery charge . I bought one extra battery and I have n't found myself without power yet . I use one til it dies , pop in the other and finish my day , then that night I charge the first -LRB- it only takes 90 minutes -RRB- and the next day I 'm ready to go again . No more pockets filled with disposable batteries.In respect to the included 32mb card , you definitely want more -LRB- 512mb minimum -RRB- - however , in the world of digital cameras , 32mb included is pretty good . Many still include an 8mb card only.Memory storage at the Large/Superfine -LRB- 3072 x 2304 -RRB- setting are as follows :32 mb - 9 shots64mb - 19128mb - 40256mb - 81512mb - 1631gb - 3272gb - 645Note that these numbers are affected by additional settings such as landscape , wide angle , zoom , macro and supermacro , in addition to the complexity of the shot composition -LRB- landscape vs. single flower -RRB- . However , in my usage , I have found them to be accurate enough to bank on.All in all , this camera has provided me with a great `` point and shoot '' camera with great advancement potential . In addition , it actually assists me in learning photographic techniques -LRB- use the Tv mode and manually set your shutter speed , the camera automatically sets the best matching aperture setting - after a while you start to get a feel for what combinations work best -RRB- .
 Having used -LRB- and reviewed -RRB- the precursor G3 model , time came to step up from 4MP to 7 MP . No disappointment there - uncompressed RAW files come out beautifully , and can be tailored exquisitely with the enclosed software . The slighltly larger -LRB- 2 '' -RRB- LCD is sharp , bright & clear , and still -LRB- praise be -RRB- swivels as nicely as ever ; the menus are crisply lucid ; and my G3 accessories -LRB- tele lens , battery pack , etc -RRB- remain compatible . The display panel -LRB- at last -RRB- can be illuminated when light is dim , and that irksome view of the lens barrel that used to obstruct the optical viewfinder has been corrected -LRB- finally -RRB- by recessing the lens and relocating the finder . The consistently high-rated 4x zoom lens remains identical to that in the preceding models ; it is claimed to have improved antireflective coating.The body is a bit smaller and lighter than the G3 or G5 , but this still is no pocket camera ; and that attractive black finish of the G5 has been changed back to the original silver color . Not so nice at all is the exact halving of the original excellent user instruction manual to pocket size . The English is as lucid as ever , but now barely readable in half-size font ; and the tight binding does n't keep the book open at a page - a real pain ! To be PC , one now gets two pint-size manuals in the box - one English and one Spanish . Fortunately , you can download the full size printing from the Canon website - but could n't those pdf files have been included in the accompanying CD ? Likewise the software manual , disfigured by a `` Copy '' watermark on each page.Don ' t be fooled by the accessory tele , wide and macro lenses - these require a separate adapter , bringing their cost close to that of an SLR lens . In other words , if 4x zoom does n't meet your needs , spring for a digital SLR ! Overall , not yielding to the 8MP race -LRB- which has not reviewed well -RRB- , the 7MP sensor seems to fare much better in reviews , with the G6 offering the sharpest resolution and minimal color fringing . It will take jerky `` movies '' , but if you are at all serious , use a camcorder . This top-rated prosumer camera has SLR-like manual controls ; but it needs a much higher quality printed manual to clarify the many features - you 'd never figure out that the flash button converts the current image from JPEG to RAW , for instance.Visible cost-trimming measures such as half-size manuals printed on cheap paper , downsized frame , and skimpy 32MB memory card can only raise concerns about invisible corner cutting of the camera 's innards . Time will tell .
 I received this camera for Christmas , and I wanted to wait to write a review , so that I could really use the camera and put it to the test . I would consider myself an average amateur photographer . I have taken a few courses on photography , but I am by no means even close to a pro . I do n't really know how to set the proper f-stop and shutter settings for getting the right exposures in certain lighting.This camera blew me away with how many features it has . There are still things that I have n't been able to play around with , even after three months of owning it . The `` auto '' setting pretty much takes care of whatever you can throw at it . I have used `` auto '' in all different light conditions , and with all sorts of different subjects and scenes , and it has never disappointed me . I almost feel like they do n't need any of the manual settings because the `` auto '' does such a great job . That is not to say , however , that the manual settings ca n't improve on the `` auto '' . As with any good camera , when you can tweak the settings you will get fantastic pictures . I personally love the black and white setting , because I think there is something beautiful about a well-composed b & w ; photo . Even when you are in a manual mode the camera will either let you know when a setting is n't right for the shot , or it will automatically correct it . But enough about the settings , let 's get to the pictures.I immediately bought a 512mb CF card , because the camera does not work without a memory card . The 32mb one that they include is really too small for a 7.1 MP camera . I have it in my camera bag as an emergency back-up in case I run out of space on my main card . With the 512mb card , I can get 163 shots in the highest detail setting , which I think is great . The highest settings can produce photos with massive detail and unbelievable clarity , and you could theoretically print a poster size print and you would love the detail . One of the complaints that people have about digital cameras is that there is a `` blueing '' on the outer edges of the photos sometimes . I have yet to experience any significant blueing , whereas I have seen other people with other cameras that have pretty bad blueing . The zoom is adequate for a digital camera , but I wish that it could be a little better . We have a $ 150 film camera that has much better zoom , and I have no idea why digital cameras ca n't follow suit . Anyway , I love every picture that I have taken with this camera , and I find myself going to it over my SLR more and more . I posted a few photos that I took at a local park near my house called Euclid Creek they day after I got the camera , when I was still just screwing around with it . I did n't even really know what I was doing , but I think the pics are pretty good . The pictures I am taking now are so much better.The fold-out LCD screen is great . It 's something that you would n't think would be all that different from any other camera , but it truly is a fantastic feature . I usually fold it out to the side , but you can leave it closed , or flip it around so that it stays on the back of the camera . Also , when you take a vertically oriented photo , the viewer will automatically flip it so that you can view it along with all the other photos , without having to turn the camera.Lastly , the stitch-assist is a fantastic feature . My wife and I ski in the rockies , and we love to get panoramic pictures from the peaks . The camera makes it so easy to get full 360 degree panoramics that you can then blend together on your computer with little trouble.Overall , this camera is fantastic for someone who wants to take great pictures but is n't a pro . Sure , digital SLRs may have more features , but most people will never use them . The 7.1 MP resolution , the depth of settings , and the ease of use make this camera a fantastic buy that will be taking oustanding pictures for me for years to come .
 I was debating between the Canon Pro 1 and the Canon G6 to replace my Nikon Coolpix . After much research I decided on the Canon G6 . Although the Pro 1 has a longer zoon it lacks the AF assist beam for shots taken in dark conditions . I took some shots in complete darkness using the AF assist beam and the pictures turned out great . The G6 is awesome camera with excellent picture quality -- even better than I expected . The pictures are clear and the colors are vibrant . The recycling time between pictures is much faster than either of the Nikon Coolpix I own.The G6 has a wide range of features for beginners and more advanced users . I recommend taking the time to read the users guide to get to know what the G6 is capable of . For those of who like black and white or sepia pictures -- no problem with the G6 . You can record pictures or movies in either.The included Canon software is easy to install and use . When your G6 is hooked up to your computer you have complete control over camera through the software . You also get a good amount of accessories included with the G6
 This is my third Canon digital camera , an upgrade from my Elf S400 , a very nice camera that took very nice pictures . But the G6 blows it out of the water in terms of features and picture quality . Coming from the film school , I have not seen many digitals that could replace Kodak or Fuji slide film ... until now . One picture on automatic out of the box made me a believer ... superb ! Flash shots are perfectly exposed edge to edge even in very dim light . And the list of features will take me years to learn , although many are similar to 35mm film boxes . Taking a poor picture with this camera would require either a defective unit or body movement while shooting . The included remote control takes care of hand shake blur ... . a winner of a feature . I compared sample pictures on line from this camera , the Pro1 , and the Sony DSCV3 . Of course , I read all the reviews as well . The pictures from the G6 were the same or slightly better than from the Pro1 and significantly better than the Sony . This camera is a real deal for what you get ... recommended without reservation for someone who wants more than a point-and-shoot model , although it does this extremely well . If is also for the person who enjoys a learning curve and who does not mind a camera with a bit extra bulk and weight ... it is like a compact SLR film camera .
 A Canon PowerShot G6 foi lanada no mercado em 2007 e apesar de ter j&aacute; alguns anos de idade &eacute; ainda uma excelente cmara fotogr&aacute;fica que definitivamente eu recomendo sem hesitao . Com uma excelente qualidade de imagem e um desempenho robusto &eacute; uma m&aacute;quina que serve para mim como cmara suplente e permite que eu possa deixar em certas ocasies especialmente sa&iacute;das &agrave; noite o meu equipamento dSLR volumoso e pesados em casa . Os 7 megapixel de resoluo , a excelente lente com abertura m&aacute;xima 2.0 e o baixo ru&iacute;do nas imagens so mais do que suficientes para fazerem fotografias impressionantes at&eacute; A3 . Na s&eacute;rie G da Canon eu s&oacute; trocaria esta cmara pela `` recente '' G11 , cujo valor &eacute; muit&iacute;ssimo superior.Gosto : * Qualidade fotogr&aacute;fica excelente * Ecr LCD rotativo * Excelente lente com abertura m&aacute;xima f :2.0 * Disponibilidade de controlo totalmente manual * Lmpada de assistncia de focagem potente e eficiente * Suporta conversores e adaptadores de lentes adicionais * Possui sapata para flash externo * Painel LCD superior informativo muito &uacute;til com iluminao * Durao excelente da bateria * Pode-se gravar at&eacute; duas configuraes pessoais no selector rotativo * Suporta imagens no formato RAW * Selector com os seguintes modos de exposio
 i just got this camera tonight.and while i still dont know how to use alot of its features , the random pictures ive taken tonight have been amazing.the tone and quality and saturation is so realistici took a picture about half an hour ago and the depth of field and quality has seriously blown me away ... its not cheap , but its worth every cent for that picture alone ... and hopefully many , many more to come.considoring i got amazing results inside with the flash on and not knowing how to work it properly , i can only assume it will get much , much better from here.its not pocket sized , but i dont like tiny flimsy little things anyway.i cant fault it.im inlove with it already , ive even named it haha.if you want all the manual controls of an slr without the price tag of one , SERIOUSLY considor this camera .
 Incredible quality and zoom ! Low power consumption . Buy the 1GB SanDisk compact flash card . It gives you plenty of room for a 2-3 week vacation .
 This is a great camera . I thought about getting the Digital Rebel because of the ability to change lenses but then I realized that I have a Rebel 2000 SLR sitting in my closet which I have never bought additional lenses for , so I decided to get the G6 instead . It is great camera . If you are looking for a camera that almost rival the lower end Digital SLR 's this is it .
 I owned previously a Canon S45 . I decided to move up a little bit as my interest in ohotograpy increased . I own this G6 now for about 4 months . Very user friendly and picture quality is perfect . They could put a little bit more zoom though.The only con to me is the lens adapter if you want to use filters or other lenses.An almost SLR ...
 I have only had the camera for a short time but have truly enjoyed using it . It is easy to use , the camera takes sharp pictures and the colors are true . It as easy to set up and use initially and the built in flash works well for up to about 12-14 feet . I look forward to learning more about the features .
 I love this camera ... I 've had it for a little over a month now and it 's been nothing but good to me . The instructions were clear and the pictures even clearer !!
 A camera more for the advanced photographer with a very detailed instruction booklet . Takes excellent photos in auto mode . Memory chip included is not near big enough .
 I am convinced that this is the best 7-megapixel camera in its class . My previous cameras have been Canon Powershot s45 , Minolta A1 , and the Sony V1 . This surpasses them all . I was very pleased with the sensor in the camera and have found that it has much less noise than the 8-megapixel variety . Many 8-megapixel cameras have had some noise and `` fringing '' issues in trying to cram too many megapixels on such a small sensor , but the G6 is the perfect `` marriage '' between resolution and compactness . The G6 is very responsive and is fast between shots.Some bells and whistles that I did not plan on using very much but that now I can not live without are the swivel LCD and the remote . They have greatly added to the `` fun factor '' of the camera!I am a bit annoyed with some people giving this camera marks even as low as four stars , for reasons that are beyond the scope of the camera -LRB- example - reviewers wishing that the G6 had a longer optical zoom -RRB- . If you want a longer zoom , then buy a camera with a longer zoom.This camera deserves a 5-star rating . It is incredibly good at what it was designed to do - take high quality shots , for those who want a prosumer camera , in a compact unit !
 I purchased this camera about a month ago and have taken at least a hundred photos with it so far . I 'm still learning the technical jargon of photography and it 'll probably take a few more months to learn everything this camera can do.It 's not going to fit in your pocket , but it will fit in a small camera case you can put on your belt or over your shoulder . A lot of people scoff at anything that is n't a digital SLR , but their size makes them too cumbersome to carry around if you like to go out in the `` bush '' with you . With 7.1 megapixels , you will get sharp pictures that can be blown up large enough to put hang on the wall -LRB- perhaps 11X17 or larger -RRB- . Remember , you wo n't see much if any difference on a computer screen because the most CRT 's resolution is less than 7 megapixels . It 's only when you zoom in that you notice the increased detail.If you 're an amateur photographer that wants to learn photography and produce high-quality images , you can get this camera for under $ 500 bucks . I suggest at least buying the 58MM adapter for the wide angle lens or telephoto , because you can then buy polarizing filters , which are essential for taking excellent photos on sunny days . I think that the most overated stat on these types of cameras is the zoom . It 's occaisionally useful to have some zoom capability , but most of the time you want a wide angle shot to show the largest field of vision possible , especially for scenery shots.If you really want 5x optical zoom or more , do n't buy this camera , but make sure you get one with image stabilization.I even saw it for sale for $ 360 , but that deal actually sounded too good to be true ! Search around and find the best price-I paid about $ 480 bucks . BUT do read the store reviews and make sure you 're dealing with a reputable place .
 This is my first digital camera that i purchased after spending hours and hours over the web , comparing different cameras and reading reviews . I would say I am glad with my purchase . Only problems I noticed are1 . Focusing and Red eye problem in low light2 . Zoon is only 4X , You definitely need more zoom if you are going to take pictures in functions like graduation comencement where you are not very close to the object.Pros : - Amazingly Exceeeeeeeeeeeellent picture quality - Adjustable LCD like camcorders -LRB- I luv it -RRB- - Wireless remote - Battery life is not badCons : - Focusing and red eye problem in low light - I need more zoom than 4X
 Have use the Canon G6 camera for the last two months and I 'm quite impressed with the quality of the photos and its operations . The photo sharpness and vivid colors are superb !! It is also easy to use . I found that you must rely on the viewfinder for outdoor shots - their is always to much glare on the LCD . The flexible LCD is fantastic for viewing shots . Have not tried out all of the manual functions yet and may not have too - this camera takes great pictures in auto mode . Battery life is very good - shot well over 200 pictures with plenty of juice left for viewing . Shot movies and panorama images and both were excellent . So far I 'm a happy customer ...
 This camera has been called a `` pro-sumer '' model and you should really take that title seriously . The quality of the pictures that it takes are just as good as a professional digital camera of the same resolution . The trade off is that it is really not happy being thrown in a bag -LRB- or big pocket , if it fits -RRB- . Why ? Because Canon have given it a really annoying power-on switch that is guaranteed to turn the camera on 90 % of the time when you 're moving it to or from a bag . To compound this problem , the lens extends -LRB- in your bag -RRB- , pushing off the lens cap and leaving it open for possible damage . So , if you think of this as a professional camera , to be kept in a real camera-case , you 'll probably be okay . If you 're somebody , like me , who likes to throw his camera in a bag or pocket , you 're going to be annoyed by the power switch . That said , I do LOVE the quality of the pictures and all control that the camera gives you over every aspect of taking them.CONS
 This camera has incredible features - 7.1 megapixels , ability to shoot RAW , a much clearer zoom than the powershots directly below it . However , I have had problems with focusing on finer details on objects , or if the object is too close to the camera . The macro mode typically fixes this problem , but difficult lighting scenarios occasionally pose a problem . It has the ability to manually focus and can produce images with incredible depth-of-field , but the auto-focus upon actually shooting occasionally focuses on the wrong objects in the photo . The ability to change the length of exposure is wonderful - up to 15 seconds of exposure.This is a great camera for the mid-range photographer that wants to explore more advanced digital techniques . For advanced photographers who are loyal to the Canon line , I would suggest upgrading to either the 20D or the Digital Rebel . Both are a little easier to focus and produce sharper images and allow attaching other lenses and filters much easier than modifying the G6 .
 I originally bought a compact camera , Nikon 4200 , 4MP . The indoor and outdoor shots were horrible , both being blury.This camera takes great photos indoor and out , not blury.The video results are also great . Also , the camera is extremely sturdy and is great quality.Battery life seems to be doing good also.The delay lag is pretty quick , not a quick as Rebel G but all digital cameras under 1K must Autofocus first and take a bit.Autofocus is pretty reasonable.Get this camera if you are in the market and you are not hung up on a compact but a good quality camera that takes good pics .
 This camera does all that Canon says it does . Fantastic pictures . Great flexibility for manual control or simple point-and-shoot use . I did a lot of research before buying , and I could not be happier with the Canon G6 .
 Of all the cameras announced by Canon last week the one we would most likely buy is the Canon Powershot G6.Naturally we would love an Eos 20D but at $ 1999 with the nice new image stablized lens it is difficult to justify the price unless we were using the camera daily.The Canon Powershot G6 however , can do about 80 % of what the 20D can at about a third of the price.Here is why we like it : A new 7.1 megapixel sensor makes pictures from the Canon Powershot G6 large enough for printing out great photos at 8x10 size and most photos will also come out good at 16x20 . The Canon Powershot G6 is small and light enough to be carried around most of the day -LRB- you ca n't say the same for the Eos 20D -RRB- . The G6 is 4.1 x 2.9 x 2.9 inches and 16 ounces , 10 % smaller than it 's predessor -LRB- the G5 -RRB- . There is an excellent LCD display on the Canon Powershot G6
 The Canon Powershot G6 is a nice amera , Physically the camera looks a bit different than the G5 , the G6 is narrower and stubbier . The extra Girth supported by the G6 makes it easier to handle than its predecessors . especially those with large hands like me.What i like about this camera is the 9 point auto focus point , which it got from the higher end SLR professional cameras . Normally , to focus on a subject one has to aim using the center of the camera , where the focusing point is . but what if you want to put some artistic flare into your photo , and what if you have to subjects that are not aligned ? by having the 9 auto focus point spread throughout the viewing area , when you press the shutter half way , the camera instantly focuses on all the subjects . it instantly puts squares over what you have in the frame indicating That it has locked on . it will then adjust the settings and the light to give you the best possible shot . The downside of this camera is that it is expensive.Whether your an amateur enthusiast or a serious Photographer on the verge of going pro the Canon G6 is for you .
 This is my third digital camera I have owned , and it is by far the best . It takes wonderful pictures -LRB- excellent I must say ! -RRB- and the rechargeable batteries do last a long time without having to recharge them all the time . I can take about a hundred pictures before I think about recharging them . Yes , I do take pics with the LCD on . I do not find that it is slow turning on and getting ready for the first shot . Mine is really fast . Also , buy a compactflash card that has a 20 MB/sec sequential read/write speed -LRB- SanDisk SDCFX3-2048-901 2 GB Extreme III CompactFlash Card -RRB- . With this type of card you will be able to take your next shot immediately .
 I purchased this camera in July 2005 . I have taken thousands of pictures with this camera . It 's easy to operate . The camera has a lot of functionality to it . It 's great for those of us who do n't want to move up to a DSLR.In the two-plus years I 've owned the camera , I 've not had one problem with it . It just survived a trip to the races at the dirt track in Wheatland , MO. .
 I purchased this camera as a upgrade from my first one and I LOVE it ! It takes wonderful high quality pictures ! It is so easy to use with some very cool features ! I love the picture zoom , also takes great close up shots ! If you are considering this camera , go for it !! You will love it ! Ton 's of accessories are available , very nicly made camera !!!
 I was in the market to buy a new camera last year and walked into BestBuy alone just browsing . I have an older EOS Canon Rebel 35mm Camera from 1992 , and I loved that camera too.So this was my second camera purchase , and was not sure what I wanted , but I knew what I wanted to take pictures of . I take this camera everywhere , vacations , visiting friends and family , take pictures of scenery , sporting events , and people.There are a lot of options on this camera that I do n't know how to use , but ca n't wait to learn them too . I upgraded my memory card to 1 GB so I can take a lot of pictures and not have to worry about running out of room.When I travel or go to a sporting event , I take anywhere from 75 to 200 piictures . I get a lot of compliments on the camera and the photos it takes are great !
 Ordered this camera to film 360 tours and still photos . Great overall shopping experience . Item arrived in great working order . I would definitely recommend this product and the retailer .
 I already have a canon 50D and some L lenses for it , but wanted some thing to use when I did n't want to carry that all around , or when some good stuff pops up.There was a few things I wanted to stay by though ... 1 -RRB- I did n't want to spend no more then $ 150 to $ 200 , so I knew buying good used was my best option .2 -RRB- It had to have very good IQ , so I knew I had to do lots of research for that.After seeing most PS digital shots I was shocked , at how bad most of them was and how review sites , thought it was ok for all these sub per cams on the market . Only a few cams had great IQ and the best of them was canon 's G 's , I seem canon made changes after the G6 that many felt was bad ones.I seen the G6 had a very fast f2 to f3 and the lens was slower after the G6 , also the G6 was one stop better then canon said it was , this adds up to a great digital even though it 's older . Even now it 's still a good choice , because of it being a stop faster and having a fast f2 to f3 lens.One thing I worried about was a fast lens does little good , if it 's not sharp wide open , and I was glad to see it was very sharp wide open , and only got a little sharp stop down a little . The amount of detail in the photos sold me on it , it can indeed take photos as good as a dSLR can , as long as you do everything right.It has lots of manual settings , and RAW that I always use , the battery is the same as my canon 50D , I got it use but it only had just short of 300 photos taking with it , it 's just like new with no problems or marks at all , it 's has a 7.1 MP sensor and from what I seen so far , that really is the sweet spot.The amount detail in lower ISO settings is truly great and makes it stand out from others , the last lens will let me take shots as lower ISO 's . And will let me frezze more movement to boot , I took shots out side right after it rained and was over cast , it was no problem for it at all , and the images had really great detail in them .
 I got this camera in early 05 and have been thrilled with it . It has been banged around , dropped , spilled on , etc and never had a problem . I would highly recommend it to anyone !
 I am by no means a pro at taking pictures , but this camera makes me look close to it . So far I have just used it as a point and shoot and the pictures have been of really good quality . I am tring to learn more of the functions and one I have run across so far that I enjoy is you can choose in certain functions for your photo to be black and white , color , or sepia . I am not high tech but I can use this camera pretty easily . My first digital camera was a canon digital elf with only 3.2 mega pixels and there is a huge difference in the quality of the pictures when you compare . So if you can affored to spend more for more mega pixels do it . The only down sides I have seen so far is it does n't come w / a great memory card which most do not and I imagine if I did not have small hands that the camera would be a little awkward to handle . It has lots of buttons and dials so you have to hold just right so that you do n't hit any . But overal I am very satisfied w / my purchase and hope to become a better photographer with the help of this camera . Canon cameras have served my family and I very well over the years .
 Had a Canon G6 years ago , gave it up for a Digital Rebel . After a myriad of other cameras i got a used G6 with bent CF pins for $ 10 and straightened the pins . Figured I would sell it and now finding myself selling one of my other cameras instead . This is a wonderful little camera , high resolution , do n't expect anything higher than ISO 100 to be great , then again do n't expect any compact to be great over 100 . Its usable all the way up to 400 but i tend to not shoot over ISO 50 anyways .
 This Dazzle 6-in-1 memory card reader is wonderful . With it , I can read and write to any memory card format -LRB- Compact Flash , Memory Stick , Smart Media , IBM Microdrives , MultiMedia cards , and SD Cards -RRB- as though it were a floppy disk . The unit 's small size makes it very portable . And its plug-and-play capability makes it extremely easy to store and swap data amongst all of my PC 's . Here are six ways I use the Dazzle 6-in-1 :1 -RRB- Downloading digital image files -- With the Dazzle 6-in-1 , I can use my normal downloading program to transfer digital image files directly from my camera 's memory card to my PC . Since my Dazzle is always either connected to my deskptop PC , or always with me for my laptop , this is much more convenient than hooking up my digital camera to my computer -LRB- and trying to find the cord -RRB- to download .2 -RRB- Acccessing a single photo -- Using my photo editing program -LRB- Photoshop Elements -RRB- , I can also access any individual file on the memory card . -LRB- The only way I can access a single photo through my digital camera , for example , is to download the entire contents , which is a pain if all I want is the last photo taken . -RRB- 3 -RRB- Transferring files -LRB- of all types -RRB- among computers -- To transfer large files -LRB- photos , spreadsheets , PowerPoint presentations -RRB- among my PC 's , I normally resorted to using CD 's , or e-mailing the file to myself -LRB- such as from work to home , or vice versa -RRB- . Unfortunately , not all of my computers have a CD drive -LRB- but they all have a USB -RRB- . And working from a memory card is definitely easier than trying to download -LRB- or upload -RRB- a file using a 56k home e-mail modem .4 -RRB- Downloading software updates -- For software updates downloaded from the internet , I would normally save them on my hard drive or on a CD . With the Dazzle , I can now store the files on a memory card instead . This saves the memory capacity of my hard drive ; and -LRB- as I mentioned earlier -RRB- not all of my PC 's have CD drives . Using a Dazzle and a memory card -LRB- and loading through the USB -RRB- allows me to more convenient update all of my computers .5 -RRB- Transfering music files -- My MP3 player also uses a memory card . Using the Dazzle to download songs -LRB- from my PC -RRB- to the memory card -- is actually faster and more convenient -- than downloading into the MP3 player directly .6 -RRB- Carrying my work home , not my PC -- Since transferring large files was such a pain , I normally ended up lugging my laptop computer home with me if I needed to complete a project after hours . With my Dazzle , I can now take the data with me -LRB- on a memory card -RRB- , and leave my work PC -- at the office where it belongs ! -LRB- Cool ! -RRB- The Dazzle comes with a software disk . But I found that the Dazzle was plug-and-play with my Windows XP computers -LRB- so no software installation was required . -RRB- The plethora of memory cards available can make data storage seem confusing and intimidating . But with the Dazzle 6-in-1 , they are now all as easy to use -- as `` floppies . '' I highly recommend it !
 I just purchased a new digital camera and was looking for a CF reader when I stumped on Dazzle DM-8400 6 in 1 reader . I have a laptop with Win XP Pro and a desktop with Win 2000 Pro . This reader works like a charm on both platforms . Additionaly it uses the USB port and does not require an extra power source and is easy to carry as well.I also used the provided software to burn a CD that I can play on my DVD player . Now I can share my pictures with my friends on a big screen with good quality pictures . All in all this is the only product I have seen out there that supports so many multimedia formats under one hood.I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a good product with a reasonable price and so many features .
 I too had a problem installing this - The software installed fine , but it would cause a blue screen of death in Windows ME whenever I plugged it in . After doing some research and reading about a similar problem with a digital camera , I `` reinstalled '' Windows ME -LRB- just re-ran the Windows ME setup -RRB- , and it works fine , even running through an inexpensive USB hub !! Good product , lousy support from Dazzle - did n't even respond to my support request .
 If you are using WinXP , you do n't have to intall its driver . . WinXp automatically detects it and assign two drive letters.If you have your hard disk on C
 No drivers needed on my Mac . Plug and play with iPhoto and OS 10.1.5 .
 This unit set up easily in WindowsXP and in Windows 2000 for me . I mostly use Compact Flash cards and have had no problem with that media . No issues with the one time I used it with MMC media either . Using Lexar Memory Sticks , however , was problematic at first - but installing the firmware upgrade from the Dazzle site did the trick.There are no guides on the device -LRB- or much of an manual either -RRB- to tell you how to slide in the card so if you do n't get a read from the drive at first , try inserting the card another way . Also , by default , the 2 drive letters assigned are not descriptive - i.e. , you ca n't tell which one is for which card type . But after you figure it out , you can change the drive name in Windows.Quirks aside , this device does the job .
 This card reader is really good for the Sandisk Flash cards -LRB- which i primarily use -RRB- , however , I found that I also encountered the problem of reading Lexar brand memory chips . The Zio / Dazzle website does NOT offer the necessary firmware update on their website , but they do offer to have you send in the reader to be updated by them . I recently wrote to the Zio Technical Support and got this in reply : `` We do no release firmware updates to the public , if you run a firmware update on this reader you risk the chance of damaging the reader and voiding the warranty . If you would like us to run the firmware update for you we can have you send in the reader to us and we will update it . Please first just reply back with your full name , address and phone number . Thank you . ''
 i have n't had a problem with this on ME or XP , performs flawlessly . Better than hooking your camera up to your computer using USB - whatever you insert becomes just another device.it 's * cheap * in my opinion , worth every penny . i 'm about to buy a new digital camera , and i know this thing will be able to read the cards .
 If you are using WinXP , you do n't have to intall its driver . . WinXp automatically detects it and assign two drive letters.If you have your hard disk on C
 The reader is small and can read all my different memory types which is great . It would have gotten 5 stars except it does n't transfer any faster on a USB 2.0 port than the standard USB 1.1 ports . The USB 2.0 label on the packaging is misleading as it does n't seem to be fully support the extra bandwidth .
 Just 2 words
 I was very pleased with this DVD player and the accessories that it comes with so that you can use it virtually anywhere . Both the sound and the picture are really great . It also is very easy to use so it does not take a genius to figure things out ! This product is well worth the price .
 I got this player for my eight-year old daughter to use on car and plane trips . Well , we use it for that , but I also hooked it up to the little TV she watches in the den , and so she gets to watch dvds all the time . It 's really wonderful -- comes with all the cables and stuff you 'll ever need , the battery lasts long enough for a full movie , and the screen is big enough for situations where you 'll be watching on the player and not on a TV . I have no complaints whatsoever , and after using mine and looking at lots of other players , my brother-in-law wants one for his birthday !
 I first purchased this as a gift for someone else , then bought one for myself . I use this as the DVD player for my bedroom , in addition to my portable automobile entertainment system for long family trips -LRB- doubles as a CD player -RRB- . My only complaint is that sometimes the pictures freezes . This is one of the better deals because of all the accessories that come with the kit . The first one I bought had a faulty remote control , which audiovox replaced without any hassle . The screen is larger than many DVDs that are on the market today . Great product for the money .
 The 1680 is an excellent product at an excellent price . The screen is bright and rich and exceeds my expectations . I have had the player for a month and encountered no problems . Last year I called Audiovox tech support for my Maestro pocket PC and they were very friendly and helpful . A great American company based on Long Island , New York . I recommend Audiovox !
 I liked this machine so much , I bought a second . It never skips and plays everything that is shoved into it . The battery goes a little more than 3 hours , the internal speakers with the little ear piece sound wonderful , the external speakers sound great -LRB- though I have always been no more that 3 ft way and have never had the sound on full volume -RRB- . The slender size you ca n't beat . You can do everything `` manually '' on the machine that you can do with the remote . I 'm very careful with both machines , so I 'm not sure how it would hold up in a rough enviornment i.e. kids , . I would have never considered a Audiovox , but I checked out MANY machines and read every review . I 'm happy with my purchases .
 I read all the reviews on the Audiovox model DV1680 . My experience with it was flawless , with only the fact that there is no volume control adjustment on the remote . Tales of `` skipping '' on certain dvd discs was not apparent on my unit , and probably is caused by fingerprints on some discs.You must keep your discs clean to prevent skipping.Just like the old 33 rpm music records would skip if dirty or scratched.All in all the Dv1680 works perfect and is a good value in portable dvd players.I give it a 4 star rating out of a perfect 5 .
 This item has been invaluable to us on our cross country trip . We drove from NJ to California and this works great in the car . It fit perfectly between our drivers and passangers seats and we just strapped it down with bungy cords . It does not skip at all when we drove over bumps . Both of kids have no problem viewing and hearing it in the back . In addition , we were able to hook it up to a regular TV so as we are visiting relatives without a DVD player , we are able to use this . It is great that the car adapter is included -- most of the other ones we looked at did not include it .
 This is one of the best portables for the price . The picture is good and the screen is big as portables go . One things that I like is the in/out video switch . Signal can come in as well as go out . I hooked my PlayStation to the unit and it works great . So much so that I went out a brought the new mini-PS1 unit.If I could talk my wife into it I would buy 2 -LRB- Audiovox DVD 1680 's -RRB- . Stop laughing you know you ca n't talk your wife into anything . Buy this unit and enjoy .
 I originally selected this Magnavox unit since it represented one of the most affordable DVD players I could find with a 7 '' screen . The picture is sharp . And the player is very reliable -LRB- playing nearly all of the DVD 's I 've put into it -RRB- . I 've since discovered , however , that this remarkable little unit -- with all of its included extras -- has enabled me to enjoy movie watching in places I did n't anticipate . Here 's where :1 -RRB- At Home -- But of course . The batteries last about two-and-a-half hours -LRB- long enough for most movies -RRB- . And the picture is every bit as sharp as if I viewed the movie on my TV . But with the player on my lap -- and headphones -LRB- which are not included -RRB- over my ears -- I 've found that I can watch movies without disturbing others . In case the action gets too loud -LRB- or sexy -RRB- , I need n't worry about shocking the kids . I can now view a more maturely rated title at a reasonable hour -- without having to wait until my kids go to bed . -LRB- Cool ! -RRB- 2 -RRB- In the Car -- This is nice ! With the included car charger , I can now watch movies even if the unit 's batteries are low . I 've enjoyed DVD 's on numerous occasions while waiting for my kids at their sports or music practices -LRB- which makes the time go quite a bit quicker -RRB- .3 -RRB- In a Plane -- No surprises here . The Magnavox is significantly smaller and lighter than my laptop PC -LRB- which also has a DVD player -RRB- ; and the picture -- even though the screen is much smaller -- is significantly sharper -LRB- and smoother flowing -RRB- ! -LRB- I also use a set of Sennheiser HDC 451 noise-suppression headphones . -RRB- Watching a DVD movie on a plane can be very satisfying -- especially when compared to the -LRB- edited -RRB- in-flight movie ! 4 -RRB- On the Road -- On the Hotel 's TV . The Magnavox , surprisingly , came with TV cables and a wireless remote control . Once I arrive at my destination , I hook up my Magnavox -- and I 'm in business ! DVD movies , as you know , are easy to carry . And the viewing experience -LRB- on the hotel 's television -RRB- is much more satisfying -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- than paying for the in-room movie rental . -LRB- Hallelujah ! -RRB- Overall , I 'm very pleased with my Magnavox portable DVD player . My wife actually bought this player for me for my birthday . It is easily one of the nicest -LRB- and most versatile -RRB- presents I 've ever received ! I love it !
 I am truly a gadget person and always looking to get the neatest thing available that I can afford . The Audivox portable DVD player is the bomb ! I absolutely love it ! I take it to work and every where else I travel . It 's so small and light and just fits into my `` carry all '' bag that accompanies me everywhere , along with a nice variety of movies in a little CD case . It 's truly the best . Great picture , good sound , everything you need all in one affordable package .
 I bought this DVD player for my husband last Christmas to take on his frequent flights but we ended up using it more as entertainment for our 4-year old when we go to restaraunts . It has saved more on babysitters that I paid for it . We have used this 1-3 times a week and it has performed very well . It is sturdier than I expected ! The battery still goes at least 3 hours after all the use it has seen . It has a great picture and is easier to use that the regular size DVD players . I found a leather case which keeps the player , battery , cords and a dozen movies ready to go .
 I bought this having read some bad reviews about it but you get what you pay for ! But I was actually blown away by it , the picture quality is wonderful , the sound is good unless it 's noisy , though what I did was used some mini speakers you can buy for discmans they work great to add extra volume . The battery does last about three hours but it does come with an a/c adapter and car adapter which is nice . I also liked the fact that it came with a cord -LRB- do n't know what it 's called -RRB- but I was able to plug it into my home theater system for surround sound and also into my tv for larger picture . I also rent a lot of dvd 's and all of the rentals worked fine for me , if your having trouble with a disc just clean it , I use soap and water although I hear that 's a big no no but it 's works great ! Overall it is a awesome system for the money !
 I bought this player about 5 months ago . I did alot of research and thought this was the right price and had all the accessories I was looking for . I have had some trouble with the player skipping with some DVDs . The skipping is really annoying , but I can live with it because it does not happen everyday or with every DVD . The strengths of this package are the items that come with the player -LRB- ready to plug into a car and/or plug in to my tv console for the kids while taking a long trip ... -RRB-
 I did months of research before I finally plopped down the cash for this unit . I am a widescreen TV advocate , at the fact that this screen is 4:3 and not 16:9 worried me at first , but not after I saw it in operation ! The picture clarity is wonderful , from even sharp angles . I am looking at in on my desk right now almost sideways , and I can still see the picture fine . It is a little heavy for it 's size , but we 're talking 5-8 pounds , so it 's not like you need to order a back brace . The speakers are more than adequate , and more than likely you 'll use headphones anyway . The supplies cables -LRB- optical audio , car adapter , ac adapter , A/V input/output -RRB- are just about all you 'll need , unless you can take advantage of the S-Video output , which will require the purchase of a s-video cord that goes from $ 10 to $ 50 . I frequently suffer from `` buyer 's regret '' after spending a good deal of money on home theater gadgets , but not this time . My wife was even impressed , and believe it or not , actually congratulated me on the purchase . I still have n't recovered from the shock . I could not reccommend this unit more . Good luck !!
 We bought the audiovox for our seven year old for Christmas . She 's thrilled and we 've already had two pleasant , long trips . Easy to operate , perfect size for a small lap , good sound quality and the picture is excellent . I 'm impressed with the battery life , too .
 This is a very good portable DVD player . It has all the featuresand accessories you will need . The picture quility is very , very good ... Also comes with 12 months warranty .
 I bought this model almost 3 years ago and it is indistructable . I bought it for my husband but we ended up using it to entertain our son when we go out to eat . We have used this at least twice a week for 3 years and it performs great . It still holds a 3 hour charge . We have taken it on planes , in the car , every where and it keeps going . I 'm looking to buy another one but will probably get a newer model . Hope it holds up as well .
 This player can potentially be made multi-region . Here is the code : Using the remote :1 . Press Setup , +10 , Prev , Next .2 . A screen will appear which will indicate that the DVD player is set to Region 1.3 . Use the left and right arrows to select the region you want to play .4 . Press Setup to exit .5 . Power off the DVD player .6 . Power on the DVD player and it will be set to the new Region .
 I just want to let people know that this is a very nice DVD player for the money . I was a little hesitant to buy this particular player because of such mixed reviews . I told my son to use it as much as possible to make sure we would keep it . After owning it for about a month now , it has been nothing but good to us.We take it on camping trips , for the ride there , AND for when we get there.I like the fact that it is a heavier unit . When we are in the truck -LRB- and I might add that this is a bumpy ride -RRB- , it is heavy enough that it does n't slide around . The picture has yet to skip !
 We regularly fly on long trips and occasionally long road trips and travelling with a 4 and 2 year old can now be classed as `` no problem `` Airlines never show toddler friendly movies so now we just take 2 or 3 of their own DVDs and I can keep them sitting down.The only drawback is 3.5 hr battery life so you need to buy a second battery for air trips where you ca n't use other power sources . The replacements battersy are very expensive !
 If you are like me , you have DVD 's , VCDs , SVCDS and DVD 's in more than one region . This machine will play it all . If you travel the world like we do you will be able to watch any DVD and since it has a PAL and NTSC converter inside you do not need to worry about multi-system equipment !!!!!
 I have had my Audiovox DVD1680 Portable DVD Player for about a week now and I love it ! It is such a great value . It works fine in sunlight with very little glare and the picture quality is superb . The sound is also quite impressive . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a great deal .
 After some research on several systems , This product is perfect for my needs.Its been used in both an airplane and car.The size , non skid bottom and accessories were perfect.I have not found another system that offers the extra accessories for the same coast as this.Its perfect for what I use it for .
 I was somewhat sceptical purchasing this product because all of the bad reviews that it received . Boy , am I glad that I did n't listen to anyone . From the moment I took the player out the box , to watching a full movie , this player did not run into any problems whatsoever.It continues to play every DVD I put into it . I even gave it the shock test by moderately tapping it on the top and sides , and to my surprise , not even a skip . It kept on playing and producing a perfect picture . It gets lukewarm when you play DVD 's , but that is normal with any DVD player.I would highly recommend this portable DVD player to anyone . Sure , some equipment have problems right out of the box . I can truthfully say that this one did not.It is a winner in my book , ADK
 I have been looking for a portable DVD player for a while.Found this -LRB- ... -RRB- in the target stores during the Thanksgiving Sale . I was a bit skeptical about buying this one , but went ahead and bought it thinking I could always return it if I do not like ... I was very very happy with the picture quality , it comes with everything you need -LRB- headphones , rechargeable battery -RRB- etc. . Plays MP3 , VCD , SVCD , DVD etc etc. . I has a built in speaker too.The viewing angle for the TV is very restrictive , but heck . . for the price I paid . . cant expect any more.The rechargable battery costs extra . I had to get it from Audiovox .
 Watch this every day . I have never had any problems . Have heard occasional complaint that it has a skipping problem , but do n'tknow what they are talking about . Works flawlessly , even when I carry from room to room . Great picture , great sound .
 I read the reviews of several TOP Mobile DVD players , viewed installed versions locally and bought the AV1680 at Target for -LSB- money -RSB- . It seemed to be the best price for what I wanted and the picture quality is excellent . I have a GrandCheorkee and it fits perfectly on the console between the driver and passenger seats . There 's a no slip mat that works . The sound quality is not like your home theater but it 's perfect for the car if not using headphones . This unit comes with lots of accessories . I have n't had any problems with the unit , no skipping and screen issues and think it 's worth the -LSB- money -RSB- I paid . It 's perfect for road trips .
 I have used this for about 2 months now . A friend was so inpressed he bought one too . I take this everywhere I go . While waiting for the wife , I watch a movie in the Van . -LRB- Using the Van 's speakers the sound is great . -RRB- My wife & I took a trip & she used it & loved it . -LRB- This after telling me `` I was wasting my money '' -RRB- . The picture is great ! The battery lasted through 2 movies . You get everything you need to hook up to your TV or home theater . The remote is a credit card size gadget . It does alot . The size is perfect & feels solid . You ca n't go wrong with this unit ...
 Great video , sound and accesories.Can ' t beat the price.Smaller than the toshiba . The battery pack is a little bulky . But it even plays DVD-R !!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased the DVD 1680 after a rather exhaustive search for a portable DVD player . I took it on a business trip to Scotland , and it played superbly . No problems chaging the battery from 240 volts British electricity . I purchased an extra battery , and still had power left after 7 hours of use on the transatlantic flight home . Beware of purchasing DVDs overseas - they will not work . Even though it is PAL and NTSC compatible , there are different versions of DVDs recorded overseas this player will not read .
 I purchased the AudioVox 1680 for a trip to Florida with the grandchildren . We had quite a long plane ride and they were totally consumed in watching Harry Potter . It played with no trouble , but I noticed it was hot when the movie finished . My husband devised a stand that would allow the air to circulate under the unit and it has worked beautifully . I also use it when my husband watches a western on TV . Put the `` earbuds '' on and he does n't even know I 'm around . I like the `` earbuds '' , as they allow two to listen . I think I made a good choice in the AudioVox 1680 .
 I started my research with certain criteria
 After excruciating research , it can down to crunch time to buy a DVD player for our end-of-summer vacation car trip . The high-end Panasonic model that we chose was n't available in time , so we `` settled '' for this unit . What a pleasant surprise ! Despite the reviews regarding skipping , sound , & screen size , we had no issues -LRB- okay , just one , when my 2-year old insisting on trying to play his peanut-butter smudged DVD , but easily resolved ! -RRB- We bought a splitter with two headsets ... perfect for plane trips , for which we appreciate a smaller unit for packing purposes . Since we did n't spend as much money , we are less nervous about our small children using this ... the sound , performance , and battery/power adapters either met or exceeded our expectations .
 This is a really good portable DVD player . The 6.8 screen size makes it good viewing for about 3 people . The battery life is about 3 hours or more . It can play MP3 , Audio CD and VCD . I did have a problem with a few commercial VCD titles and I wish it would display more info from the MP3 tags like the full title , the artist name etc. . I use it mainly to entertain my toddler on long plane trips and I never take a trip without it . If you buy this player buy a good case that will hold the player and it accessories .
 I have had this player for three days now and I am very pleased . Image quality is sharp , and I have not found any DVDs it would n't play . The sound from the tiny speakers is tinny , but it makes it easier to understand dialog through background noise . I compared this one to a slightly cheaper RCA model . Both could play MP3s , SVCDs , VCDs and DVDs , but in my experienc RCA players do n't function as the description or even the manual describe . In fact that ties in to my only complaint , the manual . It contains a good description of playing DVDs , nothing else . No help in formatting MP3 files on CD-Rs or any other reference material . Just DVDs . I was a little skeptical of choosing Audiovox from experience in the past with their stereos , but this player feels solid and well designed .
 I was looking for a convienent portable dvd player to use while I travel and this one is perfect . It 's very light weight and I do n't think it 's bulky at all . It 's really awesome how you can hook it up to your tv . I was first attracted to this item because of the price . This is a really bargin I still ca n't believe I got such a wonderful product for such little money . I would recommend this product to anyone . It 's very simple to use anyone could use it . This is just one awesome product . I 'm glad I bought it now I do n't want to be without it .
 We bought this on-line through Amazon/JR Music . -LRB- Shipping was a little slow ?! -RRB- Very pleased with the product , battery is a little bulky but over all very nice and not a single problem . Great screen -LRB- I am glad we got a 7 '' screen , smaller would not be good ! -RRB- Sound is fine , very nice with ear buds ! I would recommend 100 % - no need to spend more $
 I am writing this because it was from reading the extremely helpful reviews here at Amazon that I purchased this very item . I usually buy higher end stuff , and would have preferred the pricey Panasonic , but I decided to try out this Audiovox player because of the good price and reviews . I was pleasantly surprised ! The picture is fine , sound was great even through a splitter to two sets of headphones -LRB- as is fine as well through the teeny speakers -RRB- - best of all the battery is solid , lasting at LEAST 3 hours . Many people here have described the weight/bulkiness as an issue , but I had no problem in that regard . I actually like that it sits heavily on a table on its rubber base , and is less likely to slip or be bumped off.There were no DVDs I had any problem playing provided they were clean . Letterboxed DVD 's are perfectly watchable on this size of screen , and Full-Frame ones are huge on this screen as they take advantage of the full square size , rather than being squished into the middle like they are on those wide-screen models . One tip
 I purchased this player and the RCA model which is in the same price range . I returned the RCA model after comparing the two side by side.The picture is EXCELLENT . It 's bright and clear , even in sun . The screen is visible at about a 30 degree angle , making it easy for two people to watch the screen together . The sound quality is excellent , even on MP3 's . Movie soundtracks were clear and crisp , even on the minature speakers built-in to the unit . The battery lasted at least 3.5 hours , maybe more.The ONLY real downside is the weight and size . It 's heavy , as heavy as my laptop . So I really ca n't bring both on a trip . My laptop does n't play DVD 's and my DVD player ca n't log on to the web . The size is bigger than a comparable Sony model . It 's well designed and works properly , but it 's a little bigger than it should be . Maybe the Audiovox 7 '' screen model would be better in this regard.But if the size and weight do n't bother you , the picture and sound quality will delight .
 We already had a DVD player for our main entertainment system , but we were looking for a video system to use in our van when we travel with our young boys . We were happy to discover the options available on portable DVD players after researching the permanently fixed `` pop-down '' systems ... , the 9 '' TV/DVD option ... barely fit in our Honda Odyssey , extra storage space when not travelling -RRB- , and a `` bag '' system -LRB- $ 350 , portable , 5 '' scren , but only found in VHS -RRB- . We selected the Audiovox portable DVD system because it offered a 6.8 '' screen , which provides a noticably better picture over the 5 '' screens ... The standard package for this system offered a recharchable battery pack , a car adapter , and an AC/DC adapter . It also includes a remote control -LRB- with battery -RRB- , and cables to connect to a TV . You can also play back camcorders through the system.This player works very well in our van . The kids love being able to watch movies on long trips and we certainly enjoy the `` quiet '' rides . Widescreen movies come across fine . This system should definitely be a consideration for any parents looking to equip their vehicle with a video system .
 I have been searching for a portable Dvd player for awhile now and I have found it with this audiovox . The player alone has great sound , great image , and very portable . One of the great features that this Dvd player has is it compatiblity with 5.1 surround sound . It plugs in easily to any television or monitor that has av inputs . There is no need to purchase any other misc . hardware because everything is included in the package
 I bought the Audiovox 1680 in October 2001 after researching portable DVD players on the web . We 've used it on several plane trips and our three year old loves it !! The picture quality is excellent , the sound quality is good , but somewhat difficult to hear with the earbuds on a plane -- even at max volume . We could n't stand the earbuds that came with the DVD player so we bought SONY headphones . I 've let several people borrow it -- once you try it , you 're hooked !! Charge the battery overnight before you leave on a trip -- we 've never had problems with battery life . It 's worth every dollar !
 I have tried them all , and this one works . I have several DVDs that freeze or skip at certain points of play that I tested at several offline retailers as well as Amazon.com . This unit comes through with flying colors . It played them all ! The price is right . I highly recommend this DVD player.It also has amazing image resolution and sound . I have this unit next to my bed and use the input jack which is connected to my digital cable . When using ear plugs I can watch TV without disturbing the wife at night .
 I just received the 1680 dvd from audiovox . I love it . It comes with everything you need . For all you `` soccer moms '' out there who , like I , spend your life in the car waiting for someone , it sure does make the time pass quicker . I am catching up on all the movies I would have liked to have seen had I had the time . I also have a younger child that is getting use in the car . Some of the bigger makers charge you extra for the car adapter but you receive it with the audiovox . you also get a battery that will take you to the end of any movie you have even if you get out of the car . The battery is charging as you are watching so it is always ready .
 1 . The lith-ion battery lasts for me almost four hours .2 . The large screen is great for 4:3 ratio , and just fine for widescreen .3 . Picture quality is very good .4 . This unit even has decent sound.A definate improvement over the earlier model!Recommended .
 I 've been bugging my wife for months for a portable DVD player . The answer was always , & quot ; No , you do n't need it & quot ; . Then surprise . There it was for Christmas . This DVD player is great . The picture quality is great . I 've had no problems with the player but have found that the disc need to be clean in order to play properly . I should say , it should be cleaner than if I would use it for my home DVD player . But other than that this is a great player , I highly recommend it . My player played about 20 DVD so far with only one that skipped . -LRB- Due to scratches to the DVD -RRB- .
 HiIm 14 and I was looking real hard for a nice portable dvd player . I looked everywhere for Mintek and Inital 7 inch Widescreens ones and that RCA 7 inch one for about 500 is kinda crazy . I went to Target and this was the only one they had in stock . Being my age i just bought it and i was very impressed.This player has : - Great sound-Great Picutre , very crisp-It wont skip if your discs are clean and unscratched , but if it has some scratches , like my Lord Of the Rings dvd , it may and will probably skip a lil from now and then , but hey , its your dvd not the playerI was though rather dissapointed that for somereason it would n't play my Austin Powers Goldmember dvd with infifilm . but besides that evrything worked great . The battery is a lil clunky but it still looks sleek , i just thing that they should give you good headphones or none at all instead of the crappy ones they send you . This player would be so much cooler though if it were widescreen . Becuase all my movies are widescreen LOL , but hey it still looks awesome , and the screen is bigger than i thought it would be.So i do recommend this product , and those ppl who complain about the skipping probabbly used bad dvds .
 I bought this item on sale at Target for use during long car trips for my 13-year-old son to pass the time . He used it over the Holidays and it worked out great ! It was easy for him to use , and the battery did last 3 1/2 hours . After that he switched to 12VDC input power . He used headphones and said the sound quality was excellent . He watched both full-screen and wide-screen format DVDs . I highly recommend this unit for traveling . We did also purchase a padded carrying case at Target , which I also recommend for protection .
 We absolutely LOVE this product ! After researching all the portable DVD players available and comparing prices and customer reviews , we finally settled on the Audiovox DVD 1680 Portable DVD Player . We definitely made the right choice . First of all , the screen is slightly larger than average . The controls are simple and easy to understand , even for children . The picture quality is excellent - very crisp , and the sound is great ; certainly loud enough for everyone in the car to hear easily . I read reviews on some other players where people had trouble with them skipping , freezing up , and/or getting very hot . We have had absolutely no problems with this player at all ; it works perfectly every time . I think the best thing about this product , besides the quality of the player itself , is all the accessories that come with it ; specifically the car cigarette lighter adapter , the AC-to-DC switch adapter , headphones and remote control . Shop around , not many have all these things included . The only thing we had to buy was a carrying case . Excellent product , excellent price , and happy children during lengthy travel time - you ca n't go wrong !
 This player is the Best ! I was n't sure how well it would work for the price , since others I have looked at were over $ . $ $ . My son was thrilled with it . The quality of the picture is excellent , the sound is perfect , and it doesnt get hot . We have gotten over 3 hours on the battery , and the unit has not froze once . I would highly recommend it . Definitely got my money 's worth !
 I have had absolutely no problems with this player . I received it as a graduation gift last June . I bring it everywhere with me . Even when i am in the car with my friends . They will shut off the radio and listen to the MP3 cd i burned . That goes to show that it sounds nice too . I have never had it skip either . Believe me i have tried . I have shaken it . Hit it . Done almost anything to it and i ca n't get it to skip . It 's a great buy . I totally recommend it . YOU WILL BE HAPPY !!!
 I have been looking for a portable DVD player for a while.Found this for -LRB- ... -RRB- in stores during ThanksgivingSale . I was a bit skeptical about buying this one , but wentahead and bought it thinking I could always return it if Ido not like ... I was very very happy with the picture quality , it comes witheverything you need -LRB- headphones , rechargeable battery -RRB- etc.Plays MP3 , VCD , SVCD , DVD etc etc. . I has a built in speaker too.The viewing angle for the TV is very restrictive , but heck . . for the price I paid . . cant expect any more.The rechargable battery -LRB- ... -RRB- . I had to get it from -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This DVD player has no shortcomings ... It has been well worth the money . It is lightweight and easily portable with the necessary adapters , good battery life , and clear picture with DSS . Everyone that sees my DVD player ends up getting one !!!!!
 Would like to buy product but I have a couple of questions . Does this player have 110 and 220v capability and play all country codes DVD such as Asia
 Like other posters we have been very pleased with the performance of this portable DVD player . Our kids love it . No need to repeat all the pluses here . However , we need a carrying case that is designed to carry the 1680 and its standard accessories . There is no case for the 1680 listed on either Amazon or on the Audiovox websites . I hesitate to buy a generic case over the web because it may be too small for the 1680 -LRB- which is larger than most portable DVD players -RRB- .
 WOW ! This item is worth the money . It 's quality is perfect and it basicly has no downside to the player.Pros
 I receieved the AudioVox DVD 1680 as a gift to use on my daily train ride and I could n't be happier ! It offers the best bang for the buck among portable DVDs . Picture quality is excellent , glare is not an issue . The sound quality is also very good but the output level is low , which makes it difficult to hear low dialog on the train.I did encounter certain DVDs that would n't load , but they were all rental discs , I 've never had a problem with any of the DVD 's I own.I would definitely recommend this player for the price .
 This is a great DVD player one of the lowest prices and the biggest screen . It is great for traveling and I think everyone should have a DVD player like this .
 I bought my husband this DVD player when he was deployed 2 years ago . It has survived 6 months tossed around Fort Dix , NJ , months of daily train commutes and over a year in the deserts of Iraq . Now , if that 's not durability , I do n't know what is !
 After reading the reviews on this Audiovox DVD 1680 Player I decided to order it . But to my surprise I could n't have it shipped to Japan . I ordered it and had it sent to my friends house in the US and he returned to Japan with my treasure.Actually I told him to test it out and he did . He was quite impressed . But the big test came on the way over from the US to Japan . He immediately handed it over to his twelve year old daughter who watched for four hours.After receiving it I have been more than happy with this product . And to this day my friend 's daughter asks when she can test it again .
 I purchased this DVD player , before the long flight with 2 kids . I must say that it served perfectly to keep the kids busy for 4 hours.Overall the quality of the product is average . First of all it 's very heavy . It is also bulky.The quality of the screen is not so great -LRB- pixely -RRB- , and sometimes the sound jumps.If you are looking for a high quality DVD watching , go with SONY or Panasonic , but if you are looking for a cheap -LRB- relatively -RRB- way to entertain yourself or your kids on a flight or in the car , that 's the way to go .
 I purchased mine almost a year ago for our long trips to dog shows . The screen display is great and the sound is good but could be a little louder especially while your are traveling in a car . We usually plug it into the lighter instead of relying on the battery since it is usually only good for 2 hours . I agree that the unit does get a little warm , but has not affected the viewing of the DVD . Overall we love the product and the larger screen compared to others in it 's price range .
 This player comes with everything -LRB- almost -RRB- battery , cig lighter adapter , AC adapter , and RCA cables to hook up to your TV or vcr . The only thing they did n't include was the S-Video cable -LRB- its optional -RRB- . I love being able to play CD and MP3 's also . another small perk is that this player will play DVD 's in NTSC or PAL format . My 2 year old loves a group called the Wiggles . they are from Australia . The Australian format is PAL which wo n't play on most USA DVD players -LRB- home or otherwise -RRB- . I have n't been able to find US format -LRB- NTSC -RRB- DVD 's yet , so I have to order them from Australia -LRB- PAL -RRB- . With this player I do n't care which format it 's in because I can play both
 just bought this DVD player this christmas , and used it when we travel to Tennessee for our vacation , kids enjoys using it on the way , finally , I have a quiet time driving along the way , going and coming back home , with all the accessories coming with it , do n't need to spend extra money . highly recommended for a family who travels a lot .
 The reviews on this product are interesting in that people seem to either love it or think it is a piece of junk ... very little middle ground . I 've never been a huge fan of Audiovox but the price of this player compared to others is very attractive . My wife bought this model for me about seven months ago . The picture is fine for a small LCD and it has a nice , compact design with easy to use controls . The sound -LRB- through the speakers -RRB- can only be described as marginally adequate , but I doubt many other brands are much better ... speakers take a bunch of power to run . Through the headphones , or a stereo TV , the sound quality is great . Through seven months of playing , it has worked well . The picture has frozen momentarily -LRB- like a second or two -RRB- maybe a half-dozen times , but that is out of dozens , if not hundreds of hours of play . The battery is good quality and holds a charge nicely , and if you end up traveling and hooking it up to a TV -LRB- vice using the LCD screen -RRB- , the battery lasts a VERY long time -LRB- 10 hours or more -RRB- . The bad experiences are likely the result of some poor quality control . Looking at the ratio of positive and negative reviews , it looks like about one out of five of these players is likely be a lemon . However , unless you are `` unlucky '' , you will be happy with this product 's value .
 I love movies almost as much as I love books . Now I can take movies along with me just like I do books . This is an excellent DVD player . The stereo sound and large LCD screen are crystal clear and sharp . The color clarity is unbelievable . Superb output , no interruption in playback . Very easy to use controls and every possible cable connection is included . Worth every penny .
 I have used this many times since buying it a few weeks ago and am very happy with it . The picture is FANTASTIC ! Very clear and crisp and easy to see even in direct sunlight ! The audio is great with the ear buds provided - excellent virtual surround sound . The unit dos get a little warm after a few hours , but so does a laptop PC . I used it in a long car ride to Maine last weekend over very bumpy roads and it did not skip once . A great product ! : - -RRB-
 This product was all that I wanted and more . It comes with everything you need , it 's a crisp picture with superb sound quality . And best of all , it 's certainly lightweight and compact so that it truly is portable and convenient . The remote has added features that make it technologically advanced and innovative . I recommend this product for portable dvd pleasure !
 the easy touch funtions make it easy to whip thru programs and find exactly what you need with out a standard mouse to mess with . Compaitble for windows XP and with lower versions like 98 but you will have limited button use . Still a great buy and if you loose the manual to guide you thru the buttons the Micro innovations web site has a greta customer service crew and the manual is on the web site .
 I have owned a few of these . I had to replace them because I either wore them out or spilled liquid on them . Ive been using this modelfor 5 years ! Great , lite software to run your custom apps at the touch of a button . Common shortcut keys right where you need them `` copy , rename , close window '' ... etc I use it for gaming and multimedia and it works great . The price make sit even sweeter .
 Great printer . Does all that advertises . Have bought 5 of them , mostly refurbs . Great for mid-size offices and out in manufacturing facilities .
 I received this as a gift from my mother in law for Christmas . In the almost 5 months that I have had it I do n't know how I got along without it . It has made me lazy . I do n't even get up to get on the computer half the time . I lay in bed on a Saturday and list all my Ebay . My mouse and keyboard work wonderfully . I do n't understand the other unfavorable reviews . It seems to me they just did n't install it properly or they had other comp issues not to be blamed on the product . I have recommended this to all my friends and family and quite a few have bought it and have had no probs what so ever .
 In the year since I received the Oregon Scientific weather radio , its price has dropped dramatically , making it an even more attractive addition to an outdoorsperson 's backpack or vehicle . As an avid hiker and camper , I bring along this weatherproof radio on weekend trips to receive weather information and alerts . While the reception has proven limited for some areas I visit , such as state parks not located in close proximity to a NOAA transmitting station , and national parks such as Big Bend -- too remote for me to have even bothered to bring the radio along , the reception within or near cities where most users will in practice find themselves using it , is perfect . The radio is also handy to have around the home , particularly if you do n't have any other battery-operated weather alert radio at your disposal . When the power goes out and the weather starts turning nasty , it 's extremely handy to turn the radio on Standby so it can alert you to weather watches and warnings in your area.For the money , I do n't think you can go wrong with this little , durable device . The only defect I have noticed with my radio in the year that I 've used it is the channel buttons occasionally get stuck and have to be pried out using a pen cap or other small instrument . Annoying , to be sure , but the radio continues to work as expected . Battery life with normal AA batteries is good , although I tend to leave my radio turned completely off unless I suspect weather is approaching or am heading off on a trip .
 I justed used this again today and I purchased it in 2001 . The buttons are getting a little worn out but I still pick up the stations . I use it when we travel across the USA . One year we drove from Seattle to Tampa and when we went through South Dakota I heard a beeping and talking coming from the glove box . When my wife looked in the radio was accidently on standby and it alerted us that a tornado was in the area . It warned us that it touched down in a certain county and just when it said that we passed the sign telling us we were in that county . It also alerts you if the weather is getting down to freezing . I 'm sure the newer version are lighter and more easy to find channels but mine has been working for 10 years . Ca n't beat that !
 This is the same case that PC manufacturer ALIENWARE uses and it is pretty evident that this is a great looking case . If you scout the ent for reviews you will find an unbelievable amount of information on this case so I will keep this brief.The case 's best feature is the lockable door that hides the external drive bays , wich solves the color coordination problem found in most custom PCs . It is also one of the easiest cases to work with on the market and is very roomy . This case also uses one of the best cooling systems found in steel cases , with air flowing eficiently and cooling every major component . Antec is one of the most respected manufacturers of computer compoenents in the market.The only downside is the lack of a motherboard tray , but you 'll only miss it for the first minutes of your building project . In a case this roomy you might not even miss it . The case is also kind of heavy but you need to expect that considering this is a steel case.The case is good enough to be used as a server case , and has the good looks needed to be a respectable gaming case .
 Let me give you three reasons :1 . It has plenty of room for future upgrades . If you are planing to install a motherboard with a EIDE interface It can hold 3 hard drives . If u think 3 hard drives will take up room from the rest of your hardware guess again ! 2 . The case supports four `` 3 1/2 '' inch ballbearing fans to keep all of your hardware nice and cool . Two fans in the Up-per back of the case next to the power supply that will act as the air out-take and two fans in the lower front part of the case act as the air in-take .3 . I purchased the retail version of this model it comes with 2of the `` 3 1/2 '' inch case fans and a 350 watt power supply . I purchased and installed the 2 missing case fans to complete the four fans the PC case supports , and I replaced the 350 watt power supply that came with the case with a Antec 430 watt smart power supply to satisfy my power hungry Pentium 4 processor , Xtasy ti 4600 and my Audigy sound blaster platinum , Sound card . Would you belive all four fans and the power supply fans run practically Noise-less ! The only flaw this case has is SIZE ! It stands at `` 21 1/2 `` inches tall , `` 8 `` inches and a quarter wide and `` 19 '' Inches from the lockable door plate that rest 's over the CD Rom bays to the chassis . If you are willing to ignor this one flaw , this Antec Performance case is for you . It comes with 4 CD rom bays and 2 floppy bays and the case 's chassis supports seven expansion card slots and It comes with more features you can look up at the Antec home page ... I 'd recomend you dont buy the OEM version instead buy the retail version that comes not only with what I mentiond in Reason number 3 , It also comes with a generous amount of motherboard screws ! :-RRB- The retail version of this case goes by the name
 This case is fantastic . It has plenty of room for fans and is super easy to work with . Compared to other steel cases this is the best . I was so happy with this one that I just bought the new one . It 's the Antec Plus 1080 AMG which is gray . The big difference is that the new one has a 430 watt Power supply , a side fan for the video card , and 2 USB and one FireWire in the front of the case . The 1030B case is worth the money and for those of you who are like me and like the best you will get this case !
 I bought this ext. speaker to use in my '07 Jeep Unlimited X. Without it , I would n't be able to hear my CB in my rag-topped Jeep . I mounted it behind my head on the sound-bar and I can hear it even if I 'm on the freeway with the top down ! Was just what I needed . Only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because my speaker does n't have the cool snake on the front like the picture showed ... just a regular speaker mesh-front Works great !
 I bought the external speaker because I put the CB behind the front seats . It is a pretty big unit but it is worth the size very good clarity and no distortion when turned up . Very Happy and on my PT it fits right on the glove box handle . Very smooth transaction no problems at all .
 This item is a perfect compliment to my Cobra CB recently installed in my Hummer H3 . The sound from the speaker is much clearer and louder than the unit speaker .
 I was nearly knocked out of my chair when this item arrived less then 24 hours after ordering it -LRB- I used standard shipping -RRB- . The product is wonderful . Great audio , and miles ahead of any standard radio speaker . I 'd recommend this product to my own mother 7 days a week and twice on Sunday . Hope that helps .
 I purchased this speaker to use it with the Cobra 75WXST Weatherband CB Radio . The speaker on this CB is built into the handpiece , so I thought I 'd need the extra volume to account for the small built-in speaker . However , it turned out that the built-in speaker worked fine.When I received this speaker , the first thing I thought was , I ca n't believe how big it is . Before I received it I was planning on mounting it up under where the passanger would place their feet in the car -LRB- not under/inside the dash , but hanging from under the glove box -RRB- , but it 's just much too big to put there . Because of the size and how well the internal CB speaker worked , I chose not to use it and returned it , but I did test it out prior to returning it . It amplified the volume very well and you were still able to hear clearly at high volumes . However , I really ca n't imagine using this in a car unless you have a use for it that is not typical , or you 're hearing impaired -- it 's that loud . It 's sort of like going deer hunting with a bazooka , it 's a tad bit of overkill . I could see possibly using it in the cab of a big rig , where you are exposed to more road noise , but that 's really about it . Perhaps off-road vehicles too where you want to hear your radio while you 're away from the vehicle.Also , there is a volume control on the unit that is n't clearly pictured in the photo . In order to use it and have access to the volume control , you 'll have to mount it within arms reach , so keep that in mind for your application . Even if it was small enough to fit under my glove box , I could n't have used it becuase of the volume control location .
 First off you should know that this speaker is a good size . If you are looking for a little external speaker to make it easier to hear this is not the one . I have a Jeep Wrangler that never has the top on and usually not the doors . So when driving down the highway the stock CB speaker was useless . So I bought a little external speaker from Radio Shack that fit in the cup holder -LRB- told you it was little -RRB- this work fine for off roading and slow speeds but on the highway almost had to hold it to my ear to hear . Still needed an upgrade . Bought the Cobra HG S300 . Like I said before it 's bigger than you think . So hooked it up to see how loud it was , and it was plenty loud sitting on the E-Brake handle but not very stable or practical . Wound up mounting it to the roll bar between the front seats . And in that position I have NO problem hearing the radio at ANY speed . Usually have to turn the volume on the CB down a bit because it 's too loud . The Noise Canceling is useless as it attenuates the volume , might be OK in a closed cab but useless to me.And it looks nothing like the picture.If you want a loud speaker so you can hear the CB this is the one you want . If your looking for just a little increase in volume or do n't have alot of room this is not the one you want .
 I blew through 2 other speakers from my local electronic/radio store before I purchased the Cobra . What a difference ! Sound is much better , louder , and does n't distort . I 've had it for several months without any issues . Before , a little external speaker would only last about 30 days connected to my HAM radio .
 Amazon has the wrong picture for this item . The pictured speaker is actually a HG S500 . If you search for that speaker you will see what the HG S300 looks like . Hope this helps people who are ordering based off the picture .
 The Cobra noise cancelling speaker works very well . You ca n't see in the photo but it does have a small cord with a mini plug that will plug into your radio . The speaker is well built , has plenty of volume if you need it , and looks just like the picture . It works great and has good audio quality . I am just sorry it is made in China . It was worth the money though . I say buy one if you need an external speaker .
 Use this everyday in my Semi with my Uniden pc 78xl Cb and the sound is crisp and clean and plenty loud enough with all the road noise and background noise in the semi . Definetly worth the price .
 This speaker works really well and can make phone calls with our cell phone and we can hear people clearly from this speaker . We are really pleased with it .
 Staff members like the regular size keyboard . They are noisy but work well . The cost was reasonable . I will order again .
 I have n't used alot of differant keyboards but I am supprised that this one has an extended hub on it . This keyboard came with my Imac and I think its great . I just pluged in my mouse on one side and my printer on the other and to my supprise printed ! The fact that it is clear and black does make dust and dirt very noticable when present . But it looks very nice and with an extra usb port I 'm happy with it .
 The new apple keyboards have black keys and clear plastic ... cool look and the usual functionality .
 I bought this radio in 2004 , and it is still going strong . I even used it during the Blackout in the upper US in 2003 , where it worked well as an AM radio.The weather radio is excellent ; it consistently warns me faster than almost every medium , even the sirens . The ability to program SAME codes is great , as my local NWR station serves 8 counties and some are hundreds of miles away . The SAME codes can be found easily using a search engine online ; this will allow you to get alerts for only the counties you choose . I highly suggest you use this feature ; one way to ruin your night is to be awoken by a flood watch at 2AM for a river 300 miles away!It should be noted , however , that your success with this radio -LRB- and any WR -RRB- is mostly dependent on the quality of the transmission station in your area , much like FM radio . However , even when I previously lived in an area with a weak transmitter , the radio still alarmed as needed.The instructions can be found online , and while it 's not as intuitive as a shovel , I found no problems setting it up.I 'd recommend this product to anyone ; it 's one consumer item that might literally save your life.Update , December 2012
 I have had this little radio for over 10 years and several moves . I have never had trouble with programming it to the local same codes/frequencies . It has a nice loud alarm , but is a little bit hard to tune the radio . There is a place for an external antenna , but for me , who has always lived in metro areas , has not been needed . It is n't the greatest speaker -LRB- not stereo -RRB- , but is sufficient.Only complaint is programming the actual AM/FM channels . The keypad is a little confusing to adjust , but is sufficient . Definitely would buy another Oregon Scientific unit !
 Bought this radio after a tornado watch made me realize we had no overnight way to be notified of dangerous weather . So far it works great , but I have only had it going for a week . You just put it on NOAA standby mode and it activates automatically when it receives a severe weather alert . A long LCD bar blinks green every 2 or 3 seconds when there are no alerts , then it blinks red the entire time a weather alert is active . With the SAME technology you can program specific county codes and only receive alerts from those areas ... Pros
 I bought one for my brother a year ago . Works great . Only alerts you to weather in your area because you tell it what area you live in by area number . I plan to buy one for my sister this year . -LRB- ... -RRB- WR196T replaced -LRB- the earlier recalled version -RRB- WR122 .
 Have had the radio over a year and it has worked well for every incident . I recently moved it to a second home and was able to re-program the counties for S.A.M.E. even without instructions that I lost . That must mean it is not too difficult to run.I highly recommend this type of model over others without S.A.M.E. technology as they tend to send alerts way too often .
 This radio works fine . Oregon Scientific recalled these radios shortly after I bought mine because of some sort of product defect . This updated replacement radio has worked just well side by side with my portable weather radio . The sound is good . I like the visual message display .
 I 've used wire similar to this for a long time , both for speakers and for general purpose hook-up use , and it has worked well . So I bought this particular roll mostly because it represented a pretty good bargain . Thus , I was surprised and pleased when it ended up being of better quality than what I 'd used in the past . In particular , the insulation seems to contain more plasticizer , making it more pleasant to work with . The wire may also be comprised of more strands of finer gauge , which would also contribute to suppleness and flexibility.All in all , I was quite pleased with this purchase and will likely be ordering more .
 item was as described and new in package , was definately what i expected and would definately buy items from again
 Good high quality speaker wire on a economical budget . While I have plenty of monster cable in my house , some applications do n't need the overboard quality and this does the job great .
 this wire is fine it is just very thin , do n't go any lower than this gauge for speaker wire and even this is too thin really for quality , so use as emergency or temporary wire .
 Antec is known for making good cases , and the SX-635 is an excellent example of the quality of their products . With eight drive-bays -LRB- 3 external 5.25 '' bays , 2 external 3.5 '' bays , and 3 internal 3.5 '' bays -RRB- , it should have plenty of space for what most people would ever need . This case comes with a 350 watt power supply , which is the only thing that separates it from the SX-630 -LRB- which has a 300 watt power supply -RRB- . I think getting the extra 50 watts is worth is for just a little more money , but if you do n't think you need that much power , then you should take a look at the SX-630 . Other than the major case components and power supply , the SX-635 also comes with
 When I saw the name alone -LRB- MB QUART -RRB- I knew they were good , but how good , I did n't know . Then they were installed in my Expedition 's 4 doors . Now i 've had polk audio , kenwood , blaupunkt & infiniti kappa 's , NONE performed like my QUARTS . They perform very clean @ high volume & believe me , if you want great speakers , get 'em . DARRYL OF BALTIMORE SIGNING OUT .
 I am very impressed with the IBM 120 gig hard drive . For the price is so low I was wondering what the catch was . Willing to take a chance , I ordered one . It really is all it is advertised , and more . It is actually 123.5 GB , with 115GB of free space.I installed this into a Sony VAIO computer with an ATA100 controller card . The software was so easy to use , it was installed in a matter of seconds . The only catch in the software is it brings you back to the install menu , and with how fast it installed I could not believe it was already done . However if you click the install button again , it will tell you it is already installed , and will allow you to exit the program.Talk about a lot of space , anybody loading music will appreciate this , it will hold about 3,200 full size WAV files , or about 35,200 MP3 's .
 HI ... WELL I KNOW THAT I DO N'T HAVE THIS PRODECT YET BUT I THINK THIS PRODUCT WILL BE GREAT . 120GB IS ALOT ! I MEAN IT 'S A REALLY HUGE HARD DRIVE . IMAGEN WHAT YOU CAN PUT IN A 120GB ? IF YOUR A MP3 LOVER I KNOW THAT YOU CAN PUT LIKE 1,000 OR MORE TITLE 'S OF SONGS IN A 120GB HARD DRIVE . WHAT 'S SO GOOD ABOUT THIS PRODUCT IS THAT U CAN PUT ALOT OF FILES INTO IT . SO , I WOULD LOVE TO GET ONE OF THIS PRODUCT SOMEDAY OR MAYBE TOMORROW ... HEHEH = -RRB- WELL HOPE YOU TRY THIS GREAT PRODUCT .
 The antenna seems to work well for what I use it for . I usually turn on my CB when I hit a traffic jam to see what my best options are . My only complaint is that the coax cable could be longer . I 've received good clear reception from several miles away .
 I recommend to everyone this product since you can use your radio without any signal interference . Great quality and good price .
 Amazon must have sorted out the shipping packaging since the last reviewers commented . I received my antenna in a large box with plenty of padding . The antenna was n't bent . However , the dimensions of the antenna are wrong ... It 's much longer than 21 inches , and so I was n't able to install the antenna on the roof of my truck . Hence I 'm giving it 4 stars , rather than 5 . I 've installed it on my pickup , but at the front of the truck .
 Pulls in enough conversation -LRB- 5 miles -RRB- for what I needed it for as I only wanted it for traveling on major highways .
 I bought and installed this on my wife 's pickup at the same time I installed a Cobra CB , almost 6 years ago now , just prior to a cross country trip . It 's still mounted on the roof of the truck and still working great .
 No issues at all even while driving through Hurricane Irene . Albeit in only 30-60 mpg wind gusts ... Works great for the money .
 I purchased this antenna for camping and road trips and the ease of switching from one car to another quickly , and not having to drill holes for permanent mounting , etc. . It comes with a fairly strong magnet that has no trouble hanging on at 70 mph . The silicon/rubber type base is nicer than the felt lined ones , it wo n't wear off and scratch your paint as it gets older . It is not a good idea to loose it . It is relatively short , and the set screw provides an easy way to trim your SWR 's . It functions well for it 's size , and has improved the range of my Midland 75-822 over the `` rubber duck '' antenna for auto use . I would have given it a 5 star rating if the silicone/rubber base was permanently fixed to the bottom , or was a tighter fit and would not come off as easy .
 I got what I ordered and received it with in the delivery time stated . This is a good product and I would recommend it .
 I just received this antenna this morning and I installed it on the trunk of my car . I comes in great so far but from some of the reviews I have read I hope that the magnet is strong because I do not want it to come off while I am driving . I think it will be a great product .
 The antenna came in perfect condition . I have n't had any problems with it yet . It has a very strong magnet , and screws on nice and tight and stays that way . I 'm glad I purchased this antenna !
 The antenna is as advertized . I like its small size and heigth as it will not be knocked off so easily in the woods we use it in .
 Package was full of padding , thank 's Amazon . Antenna was perfect , works great .
 At first I was not sure if I should purchase this item but when it arrived I was more then pleased especially the fast shipping .
 I thought at first glance this was a limited unit ... I did n't see any classic Latitude/Longitude display on every GARMIN unit I 've tinkered with before , nor was I able to find the altimeter feature other than as I marked a waypoint . I was pleased to find out after reading a bit of the manual that it does have all the very best features a GPS can offer . I climb mountains over 14,000 feet in Colorado so it is nice to know when the 14,000 point is hit . It is not a limited unit by any means I was able to change and personalize all the display fields to what I wanted . I find the unit very convenient , easy to carry with me , easy to read and easy to use once you spend some time reading through the manual . I find it accurate and every walk has been consistently accurate . I can not yet speak on battery life or how well it works in a canopy of trees but rarely do any GPS units work perfectly in these dense areas . I can use it in some homes and have n't had the problem of locating satellites I expected from a unit with an internal antenna . I have full use in less than a minute outside . I rarely read manuals but admit that if I had n't read and watched the DVD , who knows how long before I had been able to use the unit to its full potential .
 The Garmin Etrex , at under $ 100 , is no doubt the best GPS unit in that price range . There 's no real mapping capability , but it is perfect for saving and finding locations ... it 's just as fast and accurate as expensive models . Unfortunately , it 's discontinued , but can still be found . -LRB- It 's also extremely compact ! -RRB-
 I wanted a simple and affordabble handheld GPS and that 's what I got , for very little money ! Bill Lembright
 I bought 2 of these radios a few days ago . I am not sure how the idea got around that this is a 1/2 watt unit , because it is a 2 watt unit , and it DOES require an FCC license . The manual and the FCC registration says it is a 2 watt unit . I was very skeptical of this radio , because it seemed like I was getting alot of radio for less money , but I am glad I bought it now . We are getting around 1.5 mile range in the neighborhood , and about 2.5 miles out in the country were there are less obstructions . My father has 2 motorolas -LRB- 5100 model -RRB- . We tested these units against the Unidens head to head . The Uniden GMRS480 sounded much better than the Motorola 5100s every time . The secret is to not hold you mouth too close to the radio when you speak . No need to speak loud either . The Uniden 's were not `` tiny micy '' sounding at all . I would have given this unit a rating of `` 5 '' , but I must tell you that the thermometer is not very useful . I believe that it can not get a correct temperature reading when you are holding the radio . It can be around 40 degrees outside , and if you are holding the radio , it will read in the upper 70 's . I guess if you sit the radio down and do n't touch it , it may get a `` true '' temperature reading . The SCAN function works , but is kinda weird in my opinion . You have to hold down either of the up/down channels for several seconds to get it to scan . Therefore , you actually change channels 1 thru 15 many times , and then the unit goes in to scan mode . Also , you ca n't use the radio while it is on the charger , which really disappoints me . But the batteries -LRB- NiMH -RRB- , lasted us on the farm on one charge , Sat , Sun , & Monday , with the unit turned on all during the daylight hours . By Monday evening they still had 2 out of 4 bars left on the battery meter . The weather band is good , it picked up the NOAA channel about 50 miles away . Seems pretty weather resistant , but I try not to get anything wet that is electronic . Good thing that the radio is simple to figure out and use , because I could have written a better manual . You can download the manual from the Uniden web site before you buy it . It is only a few pages . The folks at Uniden have been very helpful in answering my questions . They have responded to every email I have sent them . I recommend the Uniden GMRS480 , but since it is GMRS and 2 watt , it does require an FCC license .
 Just got a single GMRS480 last night and ordered a couple more . For the price it looks like a good piece , I have n't been able to check its range yet though . The Editorial Review has some errors
 No question about it ! This is one of the best electronics gear I have bought in terms of price/performance ratio ! This GMRS radio performs remarkably well right out of its packaging , with silky smooth controls and a well designed LCD display . It is also very inexpensive , considering its many features , including the built-in weather channels . I was able to get a very clean signal over a two mile range in a densely populated suburb area . I did not have a chance to test the 5 mile range as claimed by Uniden , but I suspect it is NOT an exaggeration , judging from how clean the signal was at 2 miles !
 First of all , sorry for my english.I agree with most of what have already been said here , I 've tested the unit and seem to have a very good long range coverage , for me I could say that easily triples standard FRS coverage . One feature that has not been described here is an useful monitor button that when you hold it for a few seconds it cancels the squelch and keep it that way -LRB- does n't have to keep pushing the monitor -RRB- and that gives you add ` tnl coverage . At long distances signal could be poor to break the squelch but if you open the line you could clearly hear the other party . When using any radio in adverse circunstances try to get into high and open places , if you get onto a building or a mountain you would be impressed the coverage of the unit . I use this mainly for vacations at Isla de Margarita and from my apartment I cover all Porlamar city and it 's surroundings and even talk miles away with a small mountain in the middle.The vibrate option is very nice , when you ' r fooling around malls nobody notes that someone 's calling you cause when activated in cancels the ringer sound . Unit looks very sturdy.The cons
 First off yes you do need an FCC license for this unit . And do n't let the zebra guy below this steer you away from this unit . If you 'll notice , every review he 's written is on FRS/GRMS hybrids and he gives 1 star to every single one of them -LRB- in this case he voted twice thus dilluting the ranking for this unit . -RRB- His heart 's in the right place in trying to keep users law-abiding , but his overzelousness is too much in my opinion when he probably does n't even own one yet gives it 1 star while launching into a speech.I got a pair of these for my Dad to use in his motorhome and on camping trips since he wanted something besides just his CB and with greater range than regular FRS units . On the interstate we 've been able to get up to 2.5 miles apart -LRB- tested by calling out mile marker signs to each other -RRB- in relatively flat terrain with a clear signal . Not too bad in my opinion since nobody should realistically expect 5 miles -LRB- kind of like how FRS radios rated for 2 miles rarely reach a mile in ideal conditions . -RRB- It 's well made yet cheaper than some of the competitors with similar specs that I looked at , particularly Motorola models .
 This radio is ideal for the money . I tested these radio 's in the city and got almost 4 miles in range . I had one outside and my friend had the other one in his truck driving away from me . We were able to keep constant communication the whole time . He was driving through busines and residential areas . These will be great from car to car and out in the mountains .
 this uniden gmrs works good the antena is detacheble so you can install an external antena to use as mobile in your car .
 Ok , I owned a real noise maker of a fan before I bought this baby . I must say I was really really impressed with HOW QUIET THIS FAN WAS!I 'm a computer geek by trade , and my machine tends to run hot , I 've never owned antec before , however , I 'm building a pc next year and ANTEC has appeared four times already in my shopping list . i.e power supply , case , cpu cooler , system fan.I may even get their thermal paste : -RRB-
 I bought this fan due to it 's `` smart '' functionality . I 've added it to a system with other smart components , and it 's pretty quiet . Very nice ... I recommend this fan if you want to build a quiet machine ...
 Very quiet and stable . The double ballbearings will ensure durability and whisper quiet operation . I have 4 Antec fans , the only noise I hear from my case is the stock Intel CPU fan.These fans will adjust their speed based on the internal temperature it senses . So do n't connect it to another equipment that would adjust the fan speed by altering the voltage . If you desire manual control , do n't get the Smart fans . These are meant to set and forget . There is an extra wire for monitoring the fan speed -LRB- if your motherboard supports such features -RRB- , which is not necessary for the operation of the fan , but is very useful if you want to regularly check and ensure a fail-safe operation.High quality build where the wires are wrapped in a net of nylon to improve airflow and avoid melting the wires should it come into contact with hot components.Lastly , if you purchase those good quality cases like what Antec builds , you will not need screws to install the fans . There are two snaps and four plastic guides which will securely hold the fans into place . Even if you do n't have that , the fans come with four screws matched for the holes - no guessing what screws to buy.This is one of the smart purchase you can make for your PC and Amazon offers the best price when purchased with free shipping and tax-free items .
 This 80MM Fan is the one to get if you need a NEW ONE OR !!! WANT A BETTER COOLING FAN IN YOUR UNIT . It 's Quiet , Blows like a Storm and knows when to really kick in or just stay low . AND it 's an ANTEC OEM , I do n't think that for the Money !! you can BUY a better fan . PERIOD !!!
 am very pleased with purchase . would recomend to others as a good value .
 I bought this after I lost a $ 100 modem/router due to a power surge . I also bought one for our Playstation and TV etc. . It is super easy to install -- unwrap , plug in wall , plug in electronics . It has worked great through other lightening storms , and I have n't had to replace any more electronics : -RRB-
 From the accomanying photo , it appeared that one simply unscrewed the trim plate from a 2 receptacle outlet and screwed this onto the outlet 's center screw . Not so ! The unit plugs into only one outlet and there is no center screw attachment . Would n't be a prob in a home setting , but in a commercial setting , customers will find it very easy to walk off with them . Time will tell .
 A simple product which does exactly what it appears to do.I bought it because I travel often to third world locations , where hotels do n't have enough outlets for my collection of electronics and chargers . I throw this in my luggage for locations that I know are on 110 power , and use it as a simple power strip . All my little chargers fit . Works great . JUST DO N'T FORGET TO PULL IT OUT OF THE WALL WHEN YOU PACK UP AND CHECK-OUT OF THE HOTEL !!! ; - -RRB-
 Arrived on time and was exactly as promised.Saving me from all those wires from theother surge protector !
 It plugs into the wall easily after you remove the screw that will hold it in if you remove the wall plate.It cleans up some clutter behind the TV , since it does n't have a cord and would otherwise lie on the floor like the typical surge protectors.I do n't know how well it will function if an actual surge occurs . The `` guarantee '' was a little weazly-worded about what kind of surges it took care of . They seemed to say that a close lightning strike was too much for it . That has been my sad experience with other surge protectors . In Florida , it 's not `` if '' you 'll get a close lightning strike , it 's `` when . `` The instructions were not clear -LRB- to me -RRB- about what happened if there was a surge . They seemed to imply that if there was a surge , something inside the unit was used up and the whole unit needed to be replaced .
 The router has performed very well during a month of continuous use with Belkin and other wireless adapters and with a standard ethernet card -- there is a 10/100Base-T switch . Setup was quick and free of problems.We have two minor complaints :1 . After a cable modem service interruption , the router may require a reset to restore Internet access to the network . A reset may be accomplished , usually , via a web interface on a connected computer , so it 's a small matter . -LRB- To be fair , we do n't know how often our cable modem goes offline . For every time we have to reset the router , there may be 100 times when the router brings us back up transparently . Or not . -RRB- 2 . Indoor range is far less than that claimed by the manufacturer . This seems to be true , obviously , for every wireless system . We mention this for completeness.We are happy with the router and would be surprised to find a unit in the same price range that performs better .
 Unlike some of the other reviewers , I have been using this router for almost an entire year & have never had to reset it yet . I also have never updated the software for it - why fix it if it is n't broken.I have my DSL modem connected to it & my desktop PC -LRB- Win98 1st edition -RRB- via ethernet and my laptop -LRB- WinME -RRB- via wireless card.It took me all of 10 minutes to connect both my laptop and desktop computers . I would and have recommended this wireless router to others .
 I 'm a mac user and while I did need some help from the apple discussion board folks to set up WEP , it was very easy to set this up . The only thing that 's annoying with wireless routers in general -LRB- I 've worked with 2 so I know I 'm not an expert on this but I 've tried to find the solution on other brands websites -RRB- is that there does n't seem to be simple plug and play action but rather you need to renew the ip which is really easy on windows but I have n't figured out how to do it on my mac since I previously had no need to do so . Much better than the Dlink 614 + , if you want to complain about resetting , buy one of those and then go kiss your belkin . 8 months without ever having to reset my belkin !
 I bought this router in a kit from Dell coupled with 2 USB wireless adapters . I have the router connected to my DSL modem , took me about 30 minutes to complete the installation including going to Belkin 's website and downloading the new software right away . Been using it everyday and do n't have any problems except the signal runs in the high 50 's to low 60 's but does n't slow the speed .
 Installed the Belkin Wireless Router to my main computer using a cable as I already had a NIC card and purchased the Belkin Wireless USB Adapter and the Belkin Wireless Notebook card as my plans are to network 3 computers together . Having used a non-wireless Linksys router before and having problems with it , I was a little leery but let me tell you , the installation was a snap , it picked my internet connection up without even having to go into the router 's setup . I believe this was in part because my cable provider uses a dynamic address and the router ships with dynamic as the default . If your ISP used a static or PPPoE , you would have to go into setup . Installed the the USB adapter on another desktop and the internet was right there and ready to go . Installed the Notebook card in the laptop and again the internet was ready to go . I have not tried to network them together yet as sharing the internet access was my primary concern at this time and granted , it 's only been two days since I installed the components but I am very impressed with the installation and the performance so far .
 I purchased this router not too long ago . I thought it was a bargain because I did n't have to run wire all over my house , and it was . Now that I have it all configured , it works great but there seems to be just one MINOR problem . Every now and then , it disconnects itself and I have to press the reset button on the back of the router to get it working . That happens maybe once a day . But besides that , its very fast and you would think it was wired if you did n't know any better . Even though it disconnects , I reccommend it anyway .
 Anyone who buys anything but Xerox , is foolish . I currently own a fleet of small printers from Xerox for my business and even a BIG Document Centre , and this and every product I have has had no trouble except for the normal routine maintenance . Compared to Xerox , Cannon can not compare , all printing and scanning products I have tried from Cannon have failed . Sure Xerox probably has their not so great products , but hey everyone does , but for the money and quality , you just ca n't go wrong with a name like Xerox .
 This is a great printer . I bought a cheaper laser printer and had nothing but problems with it . This printer is the best one I have tried yet . I would recommend that everyone buy one . It is definately worth the extra money .
 After a friend let me examine his brand new and shiny computer , I realized that this case was being used . This case is EXCELLENT and all computer users alike should have one , if you are a gamer , a networker , or whatever , this case is needed . On some special versions of this case you can buy a key and lock case that will only open the drive case if you unlock it . A great feature . Also , since this case is BIG , it will support just about ANY type motherboard and it will have extremely good airflow . Add 1-4 system fans and maybe a videocard fan and a motherboard fan to this baby and you will have to baddest computer on the block!The 400W power supply is an excellent for power hungry computers . Network computers will need this function most , but it will improve the performance of most high-end hardware . Gamers may appreciate this great ammount of power , and even businessmen may find a powerful system case like this attractive to run and multitask all of today 's power-hungry applications.The case is easy to open up , so installing will be a sinch . Two different ways this case comes with . One ways i that you squeeze two tabs to make the side slide out , and the same for the front and other side . Another way this comes is by unscrewing two big screws in the back and then slide the rest off . Simple both ways.To close , this case should be used with any powerful system you plan on building .
 As a hardcore PC modder , I prefer the Antec 1030/1040 to almost any other style on the market.The removable drive-cages , the massive expansion capabilities , and the handle on the door that makes this case easy to access / maintain . Also the airflow ca n't be beat.Although a lot of hard-core PC users are going for Aluminum cases like `` Lian Lis '' and other silver boxes , this case to me , has WAY more bang for the buck!I 'm running a P4 , 1.5 Ghz overclocked to 1.6 with an average temperature rating of 15C -LRB- running a TT Dragon Orb 478 heat-sink -RRB- . I 've found if you use Silenced fans , and a heat-sink that allows for output control on your processor , this case will run VERY quiet.It 's an awesome case , and I ca n't say enough good things about it !
 I purchased the XtremeMac Tuffwrap for my 80GB iPod Video about 2 months ago . I bought the Black and Yellow two-tone one . I really like the overall look of the skin . The screen protector is made of thick plastic and it is very solid . The first thing that I will note is that this skin does not fit quite as tightly as I would prefer . The skin will shift a little from time to time on the bottom of the iPod as well as the around the plastic screen protector . This is not a huge deal and it is by no means falling off of the iPod , but I wanted to mention it . I think that it would be difficult to have a skin that would not move on the iPod at all , so I can not complain too much about it . The second thing that I will mention is that the click wheel protector was basically useless to me . It is just a thin plastic sticker the size of the wheel . It does not stick well across the surface of the wheel and when you click on the inner wheel button the adhesive sticker comes loose from everything except for the button . I would have preferred it if they had just covered the wheel with black silicone like the rest of the case because that wheel cover/sticker just looks and feels `` cheap '' and is a poor contrast to the rest of the product . I just do not even use the wheel cover with the Tuffwrap on my iPod .
 I have nothing agaisnt the webcam . Unfournatly finding a program that would work , was a little more diffcult , as Microsoft NetMeeting which comes with the webcam , did n't work . But I ended up using Yahoo and it worked fine . I am very pleased with the product . .
 This webcam is very good , especially for the price ! The programs that come with it are very good and very cool as well . Its not the best quality ever . But its not horrible by far . And with yahoo its as good as most webcams are . I would recommend it for anyone who is intersted in working with yahoo or making short . . and low quality movies .
 This webcam is good for video conferencing online . If you 're searching for a cheap webcam , and this one happens to be the best price you can find , then I say get it . I noticed that motion is blurry on this particular webcam compared to the last cheap one I had . And I 'm not sure if I just did n't set the settings properly , but it seems to need a lot of light to work too . Putting the different colored faceplates on is a little hard , but who cares about that really .
 I have n't had any issues with this running on XP . I 've had it for a year now and use it once a week to catch up with friends internationally . It 's been great for me . It runs off a hub in my setup .
 I picked this up a couple of hours ago thinking that I could just plug it into my hub and be up and running like I am with my Linksys WAP11 . Not so . I called Belkin 's tech support who quickly informed me that this unit is not compatible with my cable modem because it dishes out a dynamic IP address . So , on the suggestion of the tech guy , I went back to the store to get Belkin 's wireless cable/dsl router and am anxiously awaiting 5pm so that I can go home and try it out .
 Good AP , very easy for administration and working fine with all 802.11 b cards and hubs -LRB- encryption with key or password - 64 or 128 bit -RRB- . But note , that this AP is only for a small office - there is no possibility to connect to external antena , signal is low powered -LRB- 110mW -RRB- , so the distance is very limited .
 I am a bit of a newbie to the world of wireless networking , and this is my first wireless access point.One thing that I think needs to be mentioned is that this access point makes an audible , very rapid clicking noise . I would guess this would completely insignificant to most users , but my current project involves building a silent , fanless PC , and this access point is curiously ... loud . Maybe they 're all that way , I do n't know.Another reviewer mentioned that this access point needs to be configured with Windows . This is partly true . If you have a UNIX-based computer -LRB- including , I imagine , Mac OS X -RRB- , there is an open source , free , console-based access point configuration utility availabe - do some searching on google . It 's certainly harder to use than Belkin 's Windows software , but it does work with this Belkin AP .
 This BELKIN WAP was incredibly easy to install . Simply plugged into an ethernet connection -LRB- which is connected to my router -RRB- , and it was off and running.The management software installed easily on both Win98 and WinNT . I set up security within minutes . My laptop had no problem connecting , even from a non-Belkin adapter.I ca n't comment on the distance . I have placed my laptop as far as 100 feet away -LRB- indoors -RRB- and still get a great connection.Also , the unit is so small I was able to mount it on the wall behind some furniture , so it is not even visible .
 I was looking for a relatively inexpensive way to go wireless with my iBook . I already had a Linksys Cable/DSL router , so I did not want a combination unit . The Airport base station is way over priced . I was able to get an Airport card for $ -LSB- money -RSB- used . Put that together with the Belkin unit , and you have excellent bang for the buck.The unit worked right out of the box . My iBook found the Access Point and the signal was strong throughout my house and outside to other parts of my property . I live in a split level ranch and I was able to move everywhere in my house on all 3 levels . Problem was that I was not able to see it with the Belkin management software . I was hoping to turn on WEP.After a bunch of experimentation , I called Belkin and they shipped me a new one . The new unit worked immediately.A few things of note : - the Access Point software is PC-based so do n't expect to manage the unit from your Macintosh -LRB- or other OS -RRB- based machine-the documentation is not that great . Really nothing specific regarding Macintosh machines . If you want to use WEP , you will need to be careful about the syntax of entering your password on the Mac side . Here 's information that 's useful on that front
 I ca n't tell you how pleased I was when I fired up the Belkin F5D6130 -LRB- coupled with a Belkin PCMCIA card for my Gateway notebook -RRB- and it worked !!! Even more impressive , was the fact that it took me less than ten minutes to do it -LRB- no lie -RRB- . This Belkin wireless access point was added to an already existing network running through a LINKSYS Cable Router/Firewall >> DLink Hub . I was a little nervous about the whole process after reading some of the nightmare stories regarding DLink and Linksys solutions . I have to say that my worries were all for nothing.The access point is running on a 98SE machine while the PCMCIA card is running on an XP notebook . The first thing I did , even before plugging anything in , was to visit Belkin 's site and download the latest drivers . I believe this really helped as I never even had to touch the CD 's that came with the box-NOTE : the manuals do n't even MENTION XP !!! I am very impressed with the distance and range I am getting from the AP/Wireless card . On a whim , I threw a pair of shoes on and carried my notebook out to the van in the driveway ... sitting in the driver 's seat , I was in awe to find that I could surf Amazon 's site with little to no loss of speed ! Incredible ! -LRB- Bear in mind that all of the windows in the house were open due to the weather being hot , but STILL !!!! -RRB- All in all - I could n't be more impressed with the Belkin products ... hope you find this info helpful .
 I bought this and set it up yesterday . It was a total breeze -- just plugged it into my router , put the PC card in my laptop , installed the drivers on the laptop , and everything worked . Very nice . Encryption works fine , too . I would recommend this to anyone who has a wired network and wants to add wireless access to it .
 I was trying to use it as a range extender , but it seems to be uncompatible with my SMC7004AWBR router . I was able to set it up fast as an Access Point , it immeadiately signed me up and started to exchange packets , but I was n't able to reach my router so I had to take it off the network.I also tried to make it work with my xbox to put my console online but was n't able to do so either . So , if you are trying to use it to turn a wired network into wireless this is it , this is what you need , otherwise I hope you can succeed in what I could n't .
 The guy who said `` Not comaptible with dynamic IP address modems '' is wrong . I spoke with a tech who told me that it will work fine as long as you disable the DHCP on it 's setup page .
 This was so easy to set up . I like the management software . I use MAC address filtering and it works great . I liked it so much I got one for my neighbor and would recommend it to others . I have used it with both cable and DSL . I have mine hooked up to a Cisco switch which is attached to a Trendnet router which is attached to my cable modem . I am very pleased with this product .
 Based on a previous review , I was worried that the Dazzle would n't capture video unless you used the included software . After trying it myself , I have found that all I had to do is simply plug in the Dazzle and my VCR -LRB- Windows XP already had the necessary drivers -RRB- . I was capturing video with Adobe Premiere -LRB- using the 1394 output -RRB- in less than five minutes -LRB- yes - 5 -RRB- ! I did n't install the included software.The result was exceptional quality for the money .
 Great simple solution . Under Mac Os X there is no need for drivers or any installed software . The hardware is derectly used by any video software incuding iMovie and Final Cut Pro . Video capture works fine and quality is at a `` prosumer '' level and good for the price .
 I 've had mine for over a year . It works just fine . I 've converted many VHS and VHS-C tapes to digital - the longest was a 55-minute company training video which I squeezed down to less than 600MB to fit on a CD-R so I could send it out for people to view on their PCs & laptops . -LRB- The video image was smaller and the sound not as HQ , but that was the trade-off I accepted for the given file size . -RRB- It takes beefy hardware to capture video without errors - and I suspect some people complaining do n't have equipment that will handle the heavy demands required , especially a hard drive that does not perform thermal recalibrations periodically . On a suitably equipped system , the device seems to do exactly what it promises.I gave it only four stars because the bundled software is only so-so . In my system the bundled software has a conflict between installed CODECs which causes the video and audio to go way out of synch . The tech support for the software was outrageously terrible and - predicatbly - they blamed the installed CODECs which work fine otherwise . So I threw the software away and used something else . It even worked with Windows XP Movie Maker.The hardware works fine , though , in my experience .
 It works just great with a beefed up computer , about twice the RAM of the suggested . Easy setup , but the software that comes with the program is hard to use and not worth bothering with . If you want a very simple , easy to use and effective editing program , use Windows Movie Maker which comes with a Windows XP update .
 For years I had boxes of old home movies just sitting in my basement , but once I bought this , I was able to digitize and catalog them quickly and easily . Not only could I put all the old movies on there , but the DV port even enables me to transfer video from my Digital camera . This is a MUST have for anyone that either wants to get into digital videography , or already has .
 After reading the extremely positive and extremely negative reviews , I was n't sure that I 'd be happy with my purchase . I ca n't say that I am or that I 'm not . However , I can say that it did what I expected -- the majority of the negative reviews are from people whose computers just do n't make the cut regardless of what type of video device they 're using.I thought this would be a cheap solution -LRB- $ 200 compared to $ 3000 for a new digital camera -RRB- , but as it turns out , a decent MiniDV camcorder from Sony costs in the range of $ 400 - $ 900 . If I had n't purchased this product , I would only have $ 200 to go ... but if I had n't purchased it , I would n't know how much fun video editing can be.This device gives you the potential to edit analog movies and make them look PROFESSIONAL -LRB- I really prefer Windows Movie Maker over the software that comes with the package -RRB- , but the video and audio quality is obviously still amateur-looking -LRB- and sounding -RRB- . If you want to create the next Titanic , you 're going to need a higher image quality , so go with a new digital camera -LRB- this device is only for analog cameras -RRB- , but if you just want to play around and get a cheap taste before making a more expensive dive , this is the way to go . It all boils down to how important video quality is to you .
 So far , all of the reviewers who I have seen speak against the DV Bridge have been Windows users . I 'm not one of them - I 'm a hardcore Linux user who does n't maintain Windows on any of his systems at all . However , I still needed a video capture and output solution , and Linux 's support for capture cards gets mixed reviews at best.On the other hand , Linux does have really nice support for my firewire-based Sharp 255 camcorder , and I decided I was going firewire in my choice of analog - > digital converter as well.I used the Dazzle to convert a few videos from VHS tape to digital format for a friend who had been into independent film back in high school , and presently had some of his prized work degenerating on VHS . Using the Kino video capture software -LRB- download it from Sourceforge -RRB- , I was able to import the video flawlessly and then store it as a raw AVI . After that , editing was trivial and I was able to output it to a VCD . I ca n't speak to the D - > A conversion features on this unit because I have n't ever had cause to use them . I can say however that it encoded the video just fine for me , without lost frames , on my Athlon 750 w/512M RAM and a 60G SCSI Ultra160 hard drive . Personally , I would n't be surprised if the people who were experiencing dropped frames were running into Windows OS specific issues - I know my Linux experience was flawless.In short , if you 're running Linux , this bridge works fine . Note that it does come with an IEEE1394 Firewire card - I do n't know if it works properly with Linux or not , because I just used the SIIG 1394 3-port card I picked up at Best Buy to transfer the data . It 's possible , if this card happens to be one of the better ones , that the problems other people experienced may have been partly attributable to a less efficient firewire card -LRB- or less supported driver -RRB- . What was my setup?SIIG 1394 3-port card.Dazzle DV-BridgeRedhat Linux 7.3 operating systemManually compiled kernel with IEEE1394 + Video4Linux supportKino video capture / editing softwareAthlon Thunderbird 750 , 512M RAMAdaptec 29160 U160 SCSI card -LRB- in a 32-bit PCI slot -RRB- 10K RPM Seagate SCSI U160 hard drive.This machine 's I/O subsystem was as optimized as I could make it - as I understand it , fast I/O and not trying to compress your video on the fly is the key to not dropping frames in * any * video capture , regardless of vendor .
 All I can say is this thing is amazing ! It is truely plug and play . I was able to use this without even looking at the instructions or installing anything that came with it . I just plugged it in and captured through Adobe Premiere ! If your ' e looking for something super simple , this is it !
 You do not need to use the included software to edit your videos , only to capture and convert them . Once captured , you can use Adobe Premiere or the editing program of your choice.Also , the included Ulead and Main Actor editing software is used by many and far from freebie ` junk . ' Why slam Dazzle for including this extra where others would n't have bothered ? For most people it is more than enough , and saves the cost of additional apps .
 Dazzle Hollywood DV Bridge does exactly what it 's supposed to do . It allows you to transfer analog video -LRB- ie VHS tapes -RRB- to digital format . I had attempted to do this using the TV card that came with my computer , but the quality was at best mediocre . Using the Hollywood DV Bridge the quality is just as good as the video tape.I have made VCDs with quality as good as video tape . I have recorded 2 hour videos with no problems and no system crashes . I ca n't comment on Dazzle customer support since with everything working perfectly I have n't had to call them.I do not use the Dazzle software that came with the product . I am using Pinnacle Studio 8 which works great . I had the Pinnacle software before and had spent the time to learn how to use it so I never used the Dazzle software .
 So far , all of the reviewers who I have seen speak against the DV Bridge have been Windows users . I 'm not one of them - I 'm a hardcore Linux user who does n't maintain Windows on any of his systems at all . However , I still needed a video capture and output solution , and Linux 's support for capture cards gets mixed reviews at best.On the other hand , Linux does have really nice support for my firewire-based Sharp 255 camcorder , and I decided I was going firewire in my choice of analog - > digital converter as well.I used the Dazzle to convert a few videos from VHS tape to digital format for a friend who had been into independent film back in high school , and presently had some of his prized work degenerating on VHS . Using the Kino video capture software -LRB- download it from Sourceforge -RRB- , I was able to import the video flawlessly and then store it as a raw AVI . After that , editing was trivial and I was able to output it to a VCD . I ca n't speak to the D - > A conversion features on this unit because I have n't ever had cause to use them . I can say however that it encoded the video just fine for me , without lost frames , on my Athlon 750 w/512M RAM and a 60G SCSI Ultra160 hard drive . Personally , I would n't be surprised if the people who were experiencing dropped frames were running into Windows OS specific issues - I know my Linux experience was flawless.In short , if you 're running Linux , this bridge works fine . Note that it does come with an IEEE1394 Firewire card - I do n't know if it works properly with Linux or not , because I just used the IISG 1394 3-port card I picked up at Best Buy to transfer the data . It 's possible , if this card happens to be one of the better ones , that the problems other people experienced may have been partly attributable to a less efficient firewire card -LRB- or less supported driver -RRB- . What was my setup?IISG 1394 3-port card.Dazzle DV-BridgeRedhat Linux 7.3 operating systemManually compiled kernel with IEEE1394 + Video4Linux supportKino video capture / editing softwareAthlon Thunderbird 750 , 512M RAMAdaptec 29160 U160 SCSI card -LRB- in a 32-bit PCI slot -RRB- 10K RPM Seagate SCSI U160 hard drive.This machine 's I/O subsystem was as optimized as I could make it - as I understand it , fast I/O and not trying to compress your video on the fly is the key to not dropping frames in * any * video capture , regardless of vendor .
 I have had this product for a year now and it is the best way to go from DV to analog and vice versa . Highly recommendable !
 This is the second Cobra HG A2000 that I Purchased in the last 6 monthssimply because the first HG A2000 was so easy to Tune and works terrific!I needed this for our second vehicle that my wife drives.I highly recommend this to any serious CB ` er !!
 Cobra HG A2000 High Gear CB AntennaShipping was fast and easy.Plus
 The antenna performs outstandingly well . SWR 's were right on the money , 1.2 and signal travels far with stanard 5w output power -LRB- 9 miles + -RRB- and receives incoming signal very nice too .
 So this monster size box shows up , it was like a coffin for a small person . I opened the package , this thing is a monster magnet Antenna !! Put it on my Jeep Cherokee xj for four wheelin , works great I love it . When I drive to the city I can take it off and throw it inside so know one grips it . Highly recommend this antenna , I had Wilson 's I 've had firestick 's this gold plated coil with corona whip tip smokes em . Plus if you piss a trucker off or some other CBer you can take the antenna and throw it inside real quick so they wo n't know it was YOU !
 I use this on on my car and usually keep it in the trunk until I actually need it.The base is big and the magnetic mount is substantial.Excellent performance . Worth every penny .
 Good antenna I guess . This is my first CB/antenna setup so I do n't have any fancy stats to provide.Be sure to tighten the allen screws holding the antenna into the bass very well and I 'd recommend some lock-tight on the screws.The bottom covering got torn REALLY easy too but the antenna seems to be holding up good .
 I had no problem in the antenna shipment . It works great ! Just stuck it on the roof top , took the car for a spin , looked real important and talked on my CB . A lot of people do n't even know what a CB is any more but has many benifits while traveling .
 I just bought this player and I thought it would be a good idea to list the actual specs at the end of this review . It was very difficult to track down any specs at all for the SD3755 . The ones I did find were not all correct.Now for the review : I think this player is well worth the money for all the features you get . It had almost everything I was looking for . However , one major feature it did lack , was HDCD support.All the DVDs , CDs , and MP3 CD-Rs I have played so far , have worked fine.As far as the MP3 support goes , it 's ok . I was worried that it would n't play MP3 CD-Rs that had the files placed into sub-directories . But it actually scans the entire CD-R & caches all of the MP3 files alphabetically so you can view them onscreen . The bad part about that is that you see them in a single list as opposed to having them organized . -LRB- So yes , it does read MP3s that are placed in multiple directories / sub-directories on a CD-R -RRB- Here are some of the other features / issues I have found when using the MP3 capabilities : MP3 Pros : - you can program what songs to play -LRB- up to 60 tracks -RRB- - you can repeat the programmed list , a single track , or the entire mp3 CD-R -LRB- containing 100s of songs -RRB- MP3 Cons : - no random or shuffle feature -LRB- why this is the case , I have no idea . Those features are allowed for normal audio CDs -RRB- - ca n't program lists across mp3 CD-Rs -LRB- again , this is a feature for audio CDs -RRB- - does not continue to the next mp3 CD-R after the current one is finished playing -LRB- again , this feature works for audio CDs -RRB- - only the first 8 characters of the filename are displayed in the onscreen menu -LRB- which can be very annoying trying to figure out what song to play -RRB- . Overall , I love the player and think it 's well worth the price . With the exception of HDCD support , it has all of the features found in much more expensive DVD players.For example , it had all the features that another player I was looking into had -LRB- the Harman Kardon DVD 50 -RRB- for half the price.Toshiba SD3755 Specs : - Silver case -LRB- as far as I know , it does not come in Black -RRB- - 5 disc carousel . Plays , DVD , CD , CD-R , CD-RW , Video CD , MP3 -LRB- on CD-R or CD-RW -RRB- . You can swap discs in/out while another is playing . - ColorStream PRO progressive scan . 540 horizontal lines of resolution -LRB- 500 interlaced with progressive scan -RRB- . 8:8:8 oversampling of interlaced color signals . - 10 bit 27 MHz Video D/A Converter - 24 bit PCM 96 KHz - x2 , x8 , x30 , x100 forward & reverse scans - 6 power zoom - MP3 Support
 I keep buying Toshiba products because I have NEVER had a problem with any of them . I have two 36 inch TVs , a VCR , a single disc DVD player , this 5 disc DVD player , and a laptop computer - all Toshiba . I do n't own stock in the company , either . As far as this DVD player is concerned , I wanted a 5 disc player and looked at nothing but Toshiba 's offerings . I picked this little gem up and have been very happy with it for over two years . I honestly ca n't think of a single instance when this thing did n't do what it is supposed to do . Of course , I did read the manual before I hooked it up .
 Among 5-disc players with progressive scan , this is definitely among the cheapest . I agree with the other reviewers who complain about the slow time to power up or change discs and the remote being non-intuitive in design . But I was willing to sacrifice those things to get the 5-disc capability and excellent picture and sound quality . I am completely satisfied with my purchase ; I 've had it for about 2 years and do n't plan to upgrade for a long time . If you 're thinking of buying this machine , keep in mind that it 's not perfect but I think the tradeoff in price is worth it .
 I have owned this DVD/CD 5 disc changer for nearly 2 years and used it daily for both DVDs and CDs . No reliability problems with the machine or the remote . It is true that the remote is not very intuitive , and some time needs to be invested in reading the owner 's manual . It 's also true that automatic disc changing and programming is not speedy . If you master the remote , you rarely have to touch the machine except to change discs , so the `` cheap button feel '' mentioned in other reviews becomes a non-issue . I disagree with the few reviews that note poor picture quality . I do agree with most of the other reviewers who approve of the picture quality . It 's important to understand that the progressive scan wo n't help the picture quality unless you also invest in a component video output cable , HD-ready TV , and know how to use the remote to set up the progressive scan feature . The price on this unit makes it a very good value .
 After several hours I came to the conclusion that I am going to wait until I am sure what features the Toshiba SD3755 actually has ! No where in any of your ads is there mention of a player having DVD , DVD-R , CD , CD-R and MP3 capability in the same place . Maybe you should check your advertizements.I liked the ` Progressive-Scan ' feature , I wanted a multi-disc player and I wanted it to be capable of ` DVD-R , CD-R and MP3 ' in the same player . I would have been more tempted if it had ` HDCD ' . It would be easier to play MP3 's if the filename was more than 8 characters . On the SD3750 there is mention of an ` Advanced Menu System ' and an ` Advanced Remote ' where there is no mention of these features on the SD3755 , are they there ?
 I just bought this player and I thought it would be a good idea to list the actual specs at the end of this review . It was very difficult to track down any specs at all for the SD3755 . The ones I did find were not all correct.Now for the review : I think this player is well worth the money for all the features you get . It had almost everything I was looking for . However , one major feature it did lack , was HDCD support.All the DVDs , CDs , and MP3 CD-Rs I have played so far , have worked fine.As far as the MP3 support goes , it 's ok . I was worried that it would n't play MP3 CD-Rs that had the files placed into sub-directories . But it actually scans the entire CD-R & caches all of the MP3 files alphabetically so you can view them onscreen . The bad part about that is that you see them in a single list as opposed to having them organized . -LRB- So yes , it does read MP3s that are placed in multiple directories / sub-directories on a CD-R -RRB- Here are some of the other features / issues I have found when using the MP3 capabilities : MP3 Pros : - you can program what songs to play -LRB- up to 60 tracks -RRB- - you can repeat the programmed list , a single track , or the entire mp3 CD-R -LRB- containing 100s of songs -RRB- MP3 Cons : - no random or shuffle feature -LRB- why this is the case , I have no idea . Those features are allowed for normal audio CDs -RRB- - ca n't program lists across mp3 CD-Rs -LRB- again , this is a feature for audio CDs -RRB- - does not continue to the next mp3 CD-R after the current one is finished playing -LRB- again , this feature works for audio CDs -RRB- - only the first 8 characters of the filename are displayed in the onscreen menu -LRB- which can be very annoying trying to figure out what song to play -RRB- . Overall , I love the player and think it 's well worth the price . With the exception of HDCD support , it has all of the features found in much more expensive DVD players.For example , it had all the features that another player I was looking into had -LRB- the Harman Kardon DVD 50 -RRB- for half the price.Toshiba SD3755 Specs : - Silver case -LRB- as far as I know , it does not come in Black -RRB- - 5 disc carousel . Plays , DVD , CD , CD-R , CD-RW , Video CD , MP3 -LRB- on CD-R or CD-RW -RRB- . You can swap discs in/out while another is playing . - ColorStream PRO progressive scan . 540 horizontal lines of resolution -LRB- 500 interlaced with progressive scan -RRB- . 8:8:8 oversampling of interlaced color signals . - 10 bit 27 MHz Video D/A Converter - 24 bit PCM 96 KHz - x2 , x8 , x30 , x100 forward & reverse scans - 6 power zoom - MP3 Support
 Overall , an excellent purchase and an excellent value . I began shopping for a DVD player when my old 5-disk CD player died . I comparison shopped for a DVD player that offered some of the more advanced features including progressive video -LRB- even though my TV is not compatible with this feature -RRB- . I also liked the capability of this player to play DVD/CD/CD-R / CD-RW/MP3 -- all of which have functioned very well -LRB- I have not tested the MP3 player -RRB- . This unit has just about every feature higher priced units have with the exception of HDTV capability and dolby decoder -LRB- which your amplifier is probably capable of decoding -RRB- and without the higher price . The DVD player was crystal clear and the playback/FF/FR / Zoom functions were fairly simple.CONS :1 -RRB- the component only comes in a gun-metal silver color :2 -RRB- To visualize some of the actions taken by pressing function keys on the unit , you must also have your TV monitor turned on -- even for simple playback of audio CDs -LRB- for example , to play 5 audio CDs randomly you maust have the TV on to be certain you pushed the random button the appropriate number of times -RRB- 3 -RRB- I am an inpatient person , and some of the functions -LRB- open/close -RRB- appear to engage slowlyAdmittedly my cons are miniscule compared to the overall capablity and performance of this unit . Therefore , if you do not mind the color , I fully recommend this unit .
 Ca n't beat the features in a progressive scan player . No , it is n't perfect , but you get your money 's worth out of this . Picture is great , plays MP3s including an entire page of directions , plays CD-RWs , a few different random modes , etc.Most importantly , it plays DVDs very well . I had a Panasonic before and it would hang-up to the point where it was unwatchable on about 40 % of the movies I tried watching . This machine has none of those issues.Yes , it is slow to power up ... so what , who cares if it takes 10 seconds instead of 5 . The on-screen menu is a bit annoying ... ca n't just read things off of the player itself , you have to have the TV on.Bottom line
 I was concerned by another customer review which stated there was no direct disk acces . I thought this was the mark of a poor quality design . But when I got it I found it has direct disk access both on the front and remote . -LRB- Page 19 Owner 's Manual -RRB- Also since I just got it today I am pleased with the speed of the changer etc. . I have a Hitachi single I bought a couple months ago that 's really slow and the MP3 only shows the first 5 letters or so . The Toshiba gives about 10 characters enough for artist and some of the track . Also notable is you can program the MP3 's played up to 60 songs . Also you can change disks while one is playing . Pretty neat . I do n't know if MP3 's can be played randomly as another reviewer said though . I like it . Check those price compare sites and try to get S&H included , that 's all the rage now . Try to get it ... less than list ... it 's June 11,2002 . No problems to report . I wish the remote had a programmable volume control though ...
 This is a good Dvd Player . It takes a while , though , to shift from one DVD to another with the remote . There is lag , but not enough to curse at it when you consider the price and excellent playability it offers.The carousel itself seems a little flimsy with some play in it . I wonder about long term use whether it will hold up.By then , however , I 'll be onto the next `` great '' thing.Bottom line
 I purchased this for the same reason most other folks had
 First of all , I have had this product for 3-4 weeks , and by and large I am rather satisfied with it . It is not perfect , but I have managed to get around its flaws , and have been reasonably happy with it , despite its limitations.Picture quality - It is about what you would expect for a 640x480 LCD flourescent backlit display . If you are satisfied with the display that you get for those portable DVD players , with about a 9 inch diagonal , then you will be satisfied with this display . A previous reviewer stated that it made his 8 megapixel images look bad . Well , being that 640x480 is about 1/3 of a megapixel , I guess I would expect his disappointment . The aspect ratio is indeed wrong , but it is not unlike looking at a standard definition broadcast picture on an HDTV . Either you get black bars on either side of the picture if you want to look at the whole picture , or if you use the frame 's zoom function , you get cropping of the top and bottom . Another reviewer stated the resolution was really 800x480 , and I think he is right . I do not know this for sure.Speed - The thing loads up pictures slowly with a slow memory card . It is faster with a faster memory card . I had 2 different 512MB memory cards , and it was a LOT faster with a more recently built memory card . I think its speed is acceptable with a fast mem card.Options - Basic . I wish it had a clock and timer function to turn it on and off at specified times of the day . Can not be battery operated.Documentation - Stinks . It is written on a single side of a sheet of paper.MP3 Function - I did not test this.Remote Control - Functions well , but the sensor is in the wrong place . It is on the top of the frame behind the front Bezel . I got it to consistently work by firing it at the ceiling , and the IR would bounce off of the ceiling and hit the sensor . Your results may vary.How to get it to show more than 650 pictures - I was able to get it to display about 2700 pictures on a single 512Mb CF card . -LRB- yes I said CF , read on . -RRB- First of all , the unit does not have a native CF slot . I had a few old CF memory cards I was not using , and I did not feel like buying another SD card . I also had an old USB CF Card reader , so I connected the card reader to the USB port , and then I inserted the CF card , and the frame read the CF card instantly . In order to get 2700 picture on it , I resized the JPG files to 640x480 , so each one took up about 50-75 Kbytes . Additionally , I formatted the card to FAT32 , since regualar FAT formatting would not accept all of these files . If I dumped all of these pictures directly on the card 's root directory , the unit would only read the first 6-7 hundred pictures ; it would not display all of them . Therefore , I created a few subdirectories , called `` 01 '' , `` 02 '' , `` 03 '' and so on . I placed 500 photoes in each of the subdirectories , and the unit picked up all 2700 of my photos , and now cycles through all of them .
 At first I was n't pleased with the screen , but then I remembered that most people wo n't be looking at it from 8 inches away . . and for the price , you 'd be hard pressed to find better . The screen has a resolution of 480x234 and is very bright and fairly clear , but when resizing pictures to 480x234 it still wo n't take up the entire screen . TIP
 Like other reviewers , there are things I 'd like to see changed on this product . However , the bottom line is that once you start a slide show , it works very well and has an excellent picture . For the price , this is a great digital frame.Most digital frames do n't have internal memory so that is not an issue . SD cards are so cheap , who cares ? Many digital frames do n't accept a USB device so that is a real plus for this unit . While it is true that grandma may have a little trouble figuring this out , I did n't buy it for grandma and anyone from the digital age could get this up and running w/o ever looking at the instructions.My only complaints are :1 - The remote sensor is on the top behind the edge so remote functions must be done from above .2 - I wish there were a few more choices for sideshow duration -LRB- I 'd like to have a picture up for 5 or 10 minutes -RRB- . All in all , I highly recommend this unit .
 Overall , I liked this product . It has a nice clear display . As other reviewers have said , there is no remote control or USB port - USB port would have been nice to upload pix to the SD card through the picture frame . After editing all my pictures in Adobe Photoshop and they filled the entire screen . I cropped the picture down then changed the canvas size -LRB- under Image dropdown -RRB- to 6 '' x 3.5 '' . This completely filled the screen -LRB- no black bars on the sides -RRB- . Nice screen resolution for the price . If I had paid more for this frame , I would have expected a better resolution , but I am very happy with the quality of the picture for the price . The ` instructions ' are non-existant , but after pushing the buttons for a while you should be able to figure out the functions . I would recommend this frame , it would be difficult to find a better basic digital picture frame for $ 89 .
 I do not own this device . I am not reviewing it so much as clarifying several reviews . A lot of the reviews are of the 9900 -LRB- 9 '' -RRB- model . The 9700 -LRB- 7 '' -RRB- model has a lower resolution -LRB- 480x234 instead of 600x480 -RRB- . It also has no USB port . These comments are available in the discussion/comments sections after some reviews , but a lot of people have bought this frame without reading those sections and I thought it was worth stating . I am buying this as a gift . If I wanted to spend $ 100 , I would buy the 9 '' . Since I want to spend less , I will not buy this device because the 7 '' model is not good enough for a present .
 As far as Digital Frames go you usually find they are much more expensive , I was looking for one around $ 200 . Then I found this Frame for 89.99 I thought it was too good to be true , and it was . The LCD itself is fine , with good resolution and fairly simple slideshow viewing . For the price you really ca n't beat the simplicity and ease of this frame . That 's about it on the positive side , here are the negatives . The description when I ordered the product said it came with a Card Style Remote Control as well as a USB 2.0 input jack -LRB- which at this time it still says it comes with -RRB- . The product DOES NOT come with either . The lack of a remote control is not that important because the controls are all on the top of the back section of the frame , though my technologically impaired mother would have preferred a remote I 'm sure . The slideshow features and browsing settings are fine , although load times are pretty slow by comparison . The USB input jack not being there is a huge deal . For some this wont pose a problem , simply hook up your SD/Memory Stick/Etc to your computer via a method like a card dock , place pictures on the card , and put into the frame . For others that did n't plan on buying more accessories for this product to make it hold the `` 20 picture internal memory '' , this sucks . Also , for $ 20-40 more you can get a model that plays Mp3 's or get a larger screen . The larger Axion Frames I 'm told do include the remote and USB jack . Good product regardless . Had I not seen it with an incorrect description I still would have bought the model .
 I am pleased with the purchase . Very good value . Picture quality is good and it is easy to operate . Only negative is that it was advertised as wood frame when in fact it is plastic . However , it looks good . This is my second purchase of this product
 I received the frame today and I already loaded it up with pictures . I resized my home pictures to 640 x 480 which is the highest resolution you can do on this product . The pictures look awesome on the screen . Love the fact that on Slide Show mode you can determine how long you want the picture to display for . -LRB- 5 seconds or longer . -RRB- The frame is beautiful . The online pictures do not do it justice . It also feels nice and sturdy . I have not tried out the sound yet as I was too excited to take the time to do that . I am hoping they are as good as the rest of the product . If you are in the market for a digital picture frame and do not wish to spend $ 200 and up , this is the frame for you ! In my opinion it is a VERY good item for the money .
 We 've had this digital frame for a couple of weeks now and could n't be more pleased . We got a good deal on it with a rebate , so the value was particularly attractive . We have a 4 MB SD card in it with around 400 photos . It does have the black bar on the sides but that 's not a big deal to us . I may eventually try to resize photos on another card to fit the full screen , but I do n't consider that to be an urgent project . Friends who have dropped by have really been impressed with it.I have not tried to hook it up directly to a PC and doubt I will . I can make any changes I want to directly to the card -LRB- check out the IOGEAR Universal Memory Drive Hi-Speed USB 2.0 Memory Card Reader/Writer on Amazon ; it 's great ! -RRB- The screen size is great for the price , the frame looks very tasteful , and it delivers on performance . I have noticed that the picture quality is a direct delivery of what you put into it . Photos taken on a higher end camera look better than those taken on a lower end camera -LRB- no surprise , but the lower end shots do seem to look more `` lower end '' on this device than on a PC or a print -RRB- . I recommend this digital frame .
 We are very pleased with this product and the price was excellent . The delivery was swift !!!! Would recommend this company and the product .
 big enough to view from across the room . great storage capacity using sd chips and usb storage devices . was n't thrilled about the plastic frame , but it came in a dark wood simulation that does n't detract from the decor . looking foreward to hooking up digital camera to play and see if it will work .
 The Axion 9700 7 in picture frame looks great with the simulated wood and is just the right size . You can use the internal memory to store about 20 pictures with the option of using a memory card for an unlimited amount of storage depending on the size of the card . The only negative issue I had was getting my photos to dislay in the full frame size without the black bands at the edges . I called cusomer service and they said I needed to `` resize '' them to 6X9 -LRB- 1600X1900 -RRB- . After figuring that out it works good . This to me did not make it easy to download pictures . Also the supplied instructions are very vague .
 This is a really nice product . Looks good , functionality is great and very easy to use .
 My mother-in-law loved her Mother 's Day gift , but shipping was way slower than we were told . It was not delivered within the Amazon window .
 This is a great frame for the price . Since it is only a 480 X 234 display , it does n't do justice to high quality landscape shots but if you need a low resolution display in widescreen format , this will do the trick . If you are after a high resolution widescreen frame , you are going to have to spend a lot more money than this .
 The digital picture frame had many features and was made with quality material . It was a gift so the functionality was not tested .
 Received the product in a very timely manner . Bought a memory card and downloaded pictures to it , then the memory card into the purchased LCD picture frame . Everything looked , and worked great ... far exceeded my expectations . Great service . Absolutely no problems . Would recommend this nifty device to anyone .
 The frame is a good deal for a 10 inch LCD , at least when I bought it about a month ago . Pictures look great , and a slide show that I converted to an mpeg played with no problems .
 This picture frame has been running almost continously since Christmas and works great with a 4 GB SD chip . Our whole photo album is displayed on it with music when we want it .
 I only just set it up last night and I have n't been able to stop watching as all of my favorite pictures roll by continuously . The picture quality is perfect , almost better than my computer screen.I think they should make some of them in 30 '' screens . I 'd buy a ton of them and put them up rather than picture frames or paintings .
 I really liked this frame , the price was great , it was easy to set up , and the picture quality was very good .
 This is NOT a high-tech digital frame . It does n't play MP3 's . It does n't come with a remote . It simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . There 's an `` on '' button and an `` off '' button . There is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame -LRB- though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet -RRB- . It 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . If you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you .
 I was lookin for a big frame without the big price , this is perfect !! Very easy to use I bought a 256m sd card filled it with about 130photos and just put the card in , after adjusting the brightness I was all set , its very simple to use , and for the price well worth it !!!
 I have been looking for this traditional look photo frame for quite a long time . I search no more . I have found it . I love this unit and it 's very user friendly . Pros -- nice frame design and clear widescreen . Fast slideshow . Pictures do n't distort like others . Internal memory can store up to 20 hi-res photos . on-screen menu and shown buttons . Best of all
 purchased as a gift and well received . seems to handle larger chips in a timely manner . runs everyday , all day and no problems encountered . displays vacation pictures clearly . like that it is big enough to view across the room . frame is more compatible with decore than the 7 '' model previously purchased .
 I bought this frame for my wife . She has alot of digital pictures and no good way to see them all . After reading the reviews by others , I decided to try this one . She loves it . With the little card reader we have for our computer , she can drag and drop her photos to an SD card . Then just plug in the card , hook up the AC power , and turn on the frame . It goes to the slide show automatically.We did n't bother to re-size or crop the photos . The 1/2 '' black bars on each side of the photo just are n't that bothersome to us . No remote controls or sound features but if you 're looking for a simple frame to just show off all your digital photos , at a reasonable price , this one is great .
 I purchased the Axion 10.4 '' frame for my wife to replace a defective Polaroid frame from a different source . The Axion stacked up quite nicely to the other `` more expensive '' frame . The Axion is viewable from more angles than the Polaroid frame with a cheaper price tag . Quality of the display is BETTER on the Axion and we have not had any technical issues.PROS : Brightness controlColor and Contrast of displayEase of setup and operationGood sound from speakers on music playbackCONS : Slide show transitions are from top to bottom only . Different transitions would be a nice feature.Remote does not control volume of music.Overall the advantages of this frame outweigh the disadvantages . We have been very happy overall with this purchase .
 I wrote a bad review for this product by mistake . It was meant for another product . This frame so far has been good and was a great price .
 This product was shipped and received quickly and in good shape . The product works easily and as described . The only downside is high-res photos look blurry . Low-res actually work better .
 I purchased this digital frame as a Christmas gift . Before giving the digital frame , I copied JPEG photos from my computer onto an SD card , and added an mp3 file for the music . Some of my photos I needed to crop to 6X8 first , to prevent the black area on the sides or top & bottom of the frame . You can use your SD card -LRB- or one of the other compatible formats -RRB- right from your camera . No cropping needed except for the portrait views . It also has internal memory too . You can zoom in your photos . This digital frame is easy to use . It does n't have many options , which I approve of . You can adjust the contrast and the length of the photo viewing . The volume is harder to hear if the frame is hanging on the wall . The display quality of the photos is very good . I also like the looks of the frame , and that is comes with a remote . The only thing I am disappointed with is that it described the power adapter to be an ac/dc 9v . I thought this meant it could be used with a battery . It does n't . This is what I wanted , since this frame would be hanging on a wall . If you plan to hang your digital frame on the wall , I would not choose a smaller frame than 10.4 . Other than the lack of clarity in the description of the power adapter , I am satisfied with this digital frame .
 This is my 2nd frame . The first one requires to edit the pictures taken from camera to fill the screen . This one , with a standard resolution of 640x480 , you just select a resizing to a 20x25 640 pixels in Picasa and voil&aacute; !! . Cons
 We ordered these frames for our 3 moms for mother 's day . I was not impressed with the plastic faux wood frame - so I painted it . Now , it looks fantastic ! As for the pictures , it is awesome . I bought a 1G memory sd card and have put almost 500 photos on it . I found a two pack of 1G memory cards at Circut City made by Polaroid for $ 29 bucks ! I like the black `` bars '' on the side - it 's like watching a movie . True it does n't shuffle , but that does n't really matter . Actually , it 's kind of better that way . I have two little ones and some photos we have are actually consecutive scenes . Keeping the photos in order is a positive . To paint the frame I did not sand or do any prep work . Just used a water based product . I left the inner black surround to actually touch the picture . I am on the site now to order three more for father 's day gifts ! As far as quality goes , you are talking about a 7 '' frame - not a 40 '' HD tv . I think the photos are great - and I am showing off my 2 and 3 year old boys that I am only a little -LRB- hee hee -RRB- proud of !
 I was skeptical about buying one of these but it turned out great !!! The pictures come up so brilliant . It even does a slide show for you as well so it 's cool not having to take the frame apart to changes pictures . The only thing I did n't like was the fact that it did n't have a storage card with it . We had to buy one separately . We could n't use our digital camera memory card for some reason .
 I purchased the 8 '' Widescreen Digital Frame . I do n't know what people are talking about when they say you do n't get a remote or USB cable , etc. . Everything that was advertised came with my order . I thought this product was very user friendly , the picture was very good , and it looks great . The frame may be plastic but it is heavy duty and looks very nice . The only problem I had was I expected my Sony Memory Stick Pro to work in it since it said it worked with Memory Stick brand memory cards . It did n't - I had to use a non-pro version . For the price I think this frame is the best one out there .
 I found the frame reasonably easy to use . Did not have to reformat my pics . Great valeu .
 The perfect gift for your wife if she has a cubicle at work . Picture plus and MP3 ; just the perfect gift .
 A little smaller than I expected from the pictures on the web.My fault for not checking the measurement properly.Received in perfect condition and before the time estimate.Product performs exactly as specified - no complaints - and easy to use .
 My sister said it plays great , we just ca n't get dear ole mom to use it !!
 Bought this as a gift and works just fine . Just as the other reviews , this DOES NOT come with a remote as described . Accepted the momory stick just fine . Full picture did not come on the screen , but I have n't tried to adjust anything yet . Hopefully that wo n't be an issue . I 'd give it 5 stars if it came with a remote as described , but that would probably get lost later on anyway . All-in-all , not bad .
 Product worked well right out of the box , vey nice and clear picture , we like it very much.Only drawback is that it 's not really 4:3 , so there are always dark bars on each side , unless you crop your pictures .
 I bought this thinking that it was a generic PCMCIA - PCI bridge ... so I could use any pcmcia card in it . However it uses firmware that only works with the belkin 802.11 b pcmcia card . You ca n't upgrade your wireless and you ca n't use it for modems or other pcmcia cards ... it does what it says but nothing more .
 The radio itself is great . Its got good range and pretty good clarity considering that it is a glorified walkie talkie . However , the headset is truly a marvel of oversight . The microphone gets about 3/4 of the way around your cheek . As it is not situated in front of your mouth or at least close to it , you have to shout to be heard or twist your face . I tinkered with it and managed to extend length of the micropphone a bit , but for -LRB- the money -RRB- you 'd expect to get an easy to use product . Other than this annoying oversight , these radios perform well , and are well worth the price .
 I bought this radio because of the added features of a weather radio and a FM radio.It has great range and the weather radio is really nice!The FM radio was n't the clearest ... but what do you expect from a 40 buck radio?The headset fit me perfect and works great !! This is a must have !!
 I bought this product because my family and I go hiking a lot , we have an age range of 55 to 5 on our trips with varying degrees of speed and endurance , these walkie talkies have let us enjoy walking together without everyone having to be in the same group , and everyone can enjoy the outdoors at their own pace without the worry of where we are and when we will meet up again . It is also nice to know how hot or cool it is as some of our trips are out in the desert , and the access to the weather channels has proven very helpful in our decions on how long the day trips should be and what trail we should decide on . I recommend these walkie talkies to anyone who likes to hike in groups.The design of the radios as well as the headsets are extremely helpful once you get the hang of them of course , as they enable your hands to be free , and unlike some of the other headsets that are on the market where the mike is always on , there is a button that can be pressed to to key the mike . My ten year old and 5 year old are able to use them with no problems . We love them and are wondering what took us so long to get them .
 I got these pair for my dad and little brother to use at a ski hill in NH . They are WONDERFUL ! What a time saver for a group skiing at a resort - They allow you to ski at your own pace , without worrying about how you can meet up with your group . Plus , my little brother , who is 7 years old , could operate it easily . And you ca n't beat the price ! What a fun product .
 This gadget is cool , and I like it . Very easy to use . However , the quality of the FM radio is not so good.One more thing , there is an earset mic included in the FRS440 , so do n't buy an extra one like I did . The mic makes it more worth for the price .
 Card works fine for me with Win 2000 . Just make sure to install software before you plug the card in . Using with Netgear MR-814 wireless router . Range is very good , > 90 % signal almost anywhere in the house .
 I have one installed on my laptop running XP and did n't have any problems at all . Great price as well ...
 It is not a bad deal ... range and rate are pretty good ... works very well for me ... The only big problem is installing it on XP but you should have no problems after you install the driver from the belkin website -LRB- CD does not come with XP driver -RRB- it 's a slim good piece of hardware .
 Last week I purchased my first laptop , a 2 year old ex-demo Compaq Presario 700 series . Now my wife and I can surf the net at the same time.I am a n00b to wireless networking and to make matters more difficult I am connecting between a Mac and a WinXP laptop , so I was quite anxious if it was going to work.I still need to do some network tweeking , but this card , had it not been for my n00b-ness would have been working within 5 minutes of installation , instead it took me 30 minutes as I configured my Mac incorrectly ... and it works great . The quick install guide was easy to read and the drivers provided work on my WinXP machine no prob.The card sticks out of the laptop in a nice way -LRB- beats an ugly pointy antenna -RRB- which PlayStation players will be familiar with as the memory cards stick out of the PS2 in the same manner.This card also seems to be easy on the batteries and also has power saving modes . This was a big worry as the batteries in my notebook are 2 years old . Normally I get about 2 hours charge without the card , with the card so far I have been up for 1.5 hours and I still have good power left , I think that the power drain is negligble.If you are looking to get into affordable wireless networking , this card is a good purchase . I dont see this card as a cheapo card , its a card that delivers great value.I am also quite impressed with the online -LRB- 24x7 -RRB- chat technical support that Belkin offer . I was away and chatting with the technitian stright away and he was very helpful.A note though , the documentation states that this is a `` CardBus '' card which got me confused because my Laptop has PCMCIA slots ... but it turns out that they are one and the same , just a different name .
 I did not have any problems setting this up on my notebook . I followed the directions -LRB- very carefully -RRB- and ShaaZamm ! I was connected and walking all over the house . The cats thought I was nuts and my wife laughed at seeing me carrying the notebook outside , out the door and halfways across the street . Works for me . 8 ^ -RRB-
 ... I normally use a D-Link DWL-650 + but could n't pass up the chance to get a backup wireless adapter for really , really , really cheap -LRB- it would be a backup for my wife 's laptop too -RRB- . After reading the reviews , I was worried about being able to use it and having to take it back . However , I pressed on and installed it on my laptop which has Windows XP Home on it . The first time I tried to install it , I did n't follow the directions closely and got the same error message others have mentioned . So , I uninstalled the driver and started over ... this time following the directions -LRB- I even used the drivers on the CD -RRB- . Lo and behold everything went smoothly and I was on the network . I use a D-Link DI-614 + Wireless Router which operates at up to 22 mbps and has encryption enabled ... still worked fine . The wireless card does not have the range of my other card , but enough to justify keeping it . As to some of the longer term concerns expressed by others , I can not comment ... I 'll just have to see.In all , I do n't doubt others have had trouble ... but I would caution potential buyers that the quality of their experience is likely to be a function of being able to follow directions carefully and having modest expectations .
 i must admit it gave me the headaches at the beginning . . but then i read that there was an XP Driver on Belkin 's website . . so I downloaded and installed it IT WORKS !!!!!!!! ... Try it ...
 I bought this wi-fi card for a Dell laptop running Win98 . It communicates just fine with my D-Link 713P wireless router . I 'm no techie , but it was easy to get this card up and running . And that 's what I was looking for . I recommend this card .
 Seriously - with all the terrible reviews regarding wireless notebook cards in general , it 's surprising that this form of networking ever caught on.I was very reluctant to try any of the cards , until I saw this one was discounted down to just under $ 10 ... I figured , worst case scenerio , I 'm out just the $ 10 ... on the other hand , if it works , it would certainly increase the value of my laptop ... When I say that installation was a breeze , I mean , it was just as simple as pushing the card into the slot . . Windows XP detected the card and found the drivers on the CD , and literally , within 30 seconds , I was surfing the ` net . I was quite surprised to find that I live inside a ` hotspot ' , being that there is an ` internet cafe ' within a block of my house.That laptop has now become my primary computer , and I simply could n't be happier - * As a side note , I did use the software that Belkin sent with the card for about a day , and decided I liked the XP interface much better ... but that 's just personal preference ... good work , guys !
 I have the original of the three versions of this card . The chipset was changed , and it is confusing to figure out which driver works for the card . However , I have used it on several different laptops , under Windows NT , 2000 , and XP . I have been disappointed with Belkin suport as the drivers seem to come and go on their site . Today , for example , the site does not list the model number , nor does it show a hit on a search for the model number , and they seem to have no drivers on the site , despite that I 've downloaded drivers from there in the past.Once installed the unit is more reliable than some better known brands I use . In particular , the unit will connect with access points even when I have had trouble with other brands such as Linksys , Proxim , Alvarion , TrendNet and D-Link for the same access points . Overall , you need to search for drivers , but once it is installed correctly it works great.One particular probem is that the card and drivers do not suport WPA or WPA2 security encryption , only WEP . If you are using this anywhere you need encryption then you will need to use a VPN , since WEP is no longer an adequate encryption method .
 i bought this wireless card and it was shipped the next day.it was the easiest install ever . I 'm in college and my onboard Wireless card was horrid . Never connected to the wireless access points here . I installed this and I have yet to find a place it does n't connect . I highly recommend this card . Yes it is only a B rather than a G. but how many places can afford an internet connection capable of producing the high speed . so for a home wireless network I would say this card is perfect.I loved the price !!!
 I travel quite a bit and use various networks in my travel . I 've tried several other cards made by Netgear , Linksys and D-Link and each always required a cumbersome setup before being able to get signed onto the network . The Belkin card on the otherhand seems to configure itself each time , since everytime I enter a new network , my card recognizes the signal and allows me just to sign on . GREAT JOB BELKIN !!
 I had a lot of trouble getting this to work with Windows XP , but to all those people out there who are having the same trouble , THIS CARD WILL WORK , it is just a real pain getting it to do so . After spending hours trying myself and using tech support , I figured out the problem on my own . First of all , you must download the XP drivers from the Belkin website . THEN , you need to use the utility that comes on the CD rom , * NOT * the generic one for Windows XP . Besides the setup trouble , the card works fine , the price is right and I have no complaints -LSB- now -RSB- .
 I have one installed on my laptop running XP Home Edition and did n't have any problems at all . Great price as well ... I have n't set 5 stars because I would like more distance operation . However I do n't know how far other devices work because I have proven only this one , so I ca n't compare .
 It was so simple to install and worked pretty great . I was so happy to purchase it.Belkin product rocks !
 I bought this card because I have an older laptop running Win 98SE and I needed a cheap and cheerful card that would work with 98SE . I bought the card for less than 20 bucks so figured it would make for an inexpensive experiment if it did n't work . But it does - I 'm actually connected through it now . So IGNORE ALL REPORTS SAYING THIS CARD IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH WIN 98SE !! Those people have problems with their computers or have managed to erase key files . I simply followed the installation instructions , and connected to my wireless router and have been happily using the card ever since -LRB- about three years -RRB- . Do not buy this if you want lightning-fast internet access or state of the art security . But for everyday home use this is perfect . My only complaint is that it makes noise when connecting and downloading pages , but this is a minor issue at worst .
 It works great for me . easy to use . I never had any problems with it .
 Belkin 802.11 b Wireless Notebook Card.Pros
 F5D6020 has 3 versions . Only Version 1 works under Windows CE 2.0 , Pro , 3.0 / HPC 2000 , . net . I used it on HP Jornada 720 -LRB- CE 3.0 / HPC 2000 -RRB- to access wireless networks .
 Despite the bad reviews , I had really good luck with this Belkin card . I 'm an American living in Spain , and tech prices tend to be higher here . I bought this `` old technology '' 802.11 b -LRB- not 802.11 g -RRB- card because my ADSL line can only handle 512K downloads , so the 11Mps vs. 54Mps is n't really an issue . In fact , for $ 35 , I found this card to be a bargain option.I 'm not sure why others have had so many problems . The software installed from the CD to my Windows XP laptop in a snap . Next , I slid the card into my PCMCIA slot and it autmotically located my 3Com router next to my desktop . Amazing ! -LRB- Can you tell that I am a wireless newbie ? -RRB- I get steady signals and good download transfers on my laptop . Occasionally my laptop loses signal completely -LRB- thus , the four-star review instead of five stars -RRB- , but this is literally for a second and not noticeable -LRB- although I 'll wait and see if this disrupts downloads , IM connections , etc. -RRB- If you are looking for a good , cheap card , you might give the Belkin a try .
 I bought this keyboard 11/03 to replace my standard desktop keyboard and I love it . I was initially attracted to it 's compact size . It eliminates the virtually useless number pad - As a result , the keys are centered directly in front of you for better posture and it frees up desk space . I 'm able to freely switch back-and-forth between the keyboard joystick mouse or my MicroSoft USB wireless mouse without changing any settings -LRB- nice to have the option for the few times that I lean back and put the keyboard on my lap -RRB- . Unlike other non-number pad keyboards , this one maintains the full-size of the key pad - I 've used others that cram the keys too close together . It 's compact and it does n't go crazy with programmable keys like others I 've seen . Plus the programmable keys are small unlike others I 've seen that are cartoonishly large and make the keyboard too big . It 's wireless ability is strong . Quality level is high and it 's quite sturdy . I had no installation glitches with my Windows 2000 . Some have said the wireless connector should be USB instead of PS/2 , but frankly it made zero difference for me . Also , I have not experienced any of the problems that I read in some other reviews for this keyboard . I strongly recommend this keyboard .
 One of the few keyboards that actually works . I have tried several different brands -LRB- X-Gene , Adesso , AURAVISION -RRB- and they were all absolute crap . They either had only 2 feet of range , misinterpreted characters typed or had loose screws that killed the keyboard within a few hours . The range on this keyboard was admirable and the keyboard worked . The only real complaint I had was the joystick-mouse was a bit funky , but still usable .
 This arrived in a box that was just large enough to accommodate it 's very long dimensions . There was no bending to contend with.I mounted this on my 2007 Ford Focus , first on the roof , which gave me awesome reception . Then I remembered that I have to make it into a parking garage that is limited to 6 feet 8 inches high , so I moved the antenna to my tiny trunk lid . If you 've ever seen a 2007 ford focus trunk lid you 'll understand why I was worried . CB antennas are reliant on the metal surface under them to help them transmit so the bigger the surface the better . I was pleasantly surprised though , as I was able to pick up conversations that I know were a couple miles out.UPDATE
 The antenna gets good reception , the magnet lets me put it in a spot where I need it most . The cable is just the right length for my car and home . I was able to make a home unit from it . I would say that it is overall good for picking up local and far away signals .
 I knew almost nothing about CB radios and antennas when I purchased this product . I read after receiving the antenna that no-ground-plane antennas were best for motorcycles , but I decided to try it anyway . I built a mounting plate and attached it to the luggage rack on my bike and set the antenna on it . When I turned it on the SWR 's were 1.2 to 1.5 . It gets out good and receives good . I am leaving it on the bike .
 I bought this unit to work with a new Cobra CB radio . The radio was junk but this antenna is great . The magnet is very strong and the whip is well made . Has been in use for a while now outside every day and has not corroded or changed its electrical properties . Was easy to tune and the latex boot on the bottom works to save your vehicles finish . The only reason I rated it down was the latex type boot on the bottom , it is starting to fall apart . Some other types would have a giant sticker on the bottom , others would leave it open to the elements . This `` boot '' is a great idea , but it would have been better to make it thicker or out of better material . Overall this looks like an antenna that will actually last a while and hold strong . I am not expecting perfection since magnet mount antennas are only for temporary use anyway . Get an older CB radio with actual components inside , -LRB- no surface mount garbage -RRB- , and add this antenna for years of use .
 Got the job done ! The boxing it came in was not the best though . Huge box that was very flimsy . They probably did n't have a box that was small in width but long in length , so it 's all good.Works fine though : -RRB-
 Got this antenna because I didnt want to use a tall antenna on my pickup . The SWRs are 1 on ch1 to ch40 after tunning . Cant expect much from a 3ft antenna but I am happy with this one and the price is right .
 I installed this with a Uniden 538 pro and it works very well . The only thing I do n't like is that it 's not encased in plastic like the fiberglass whips are , so when it 's raining or icy my guess is that the antenna has the potential to create a circuit with the body of my car . Just speculation at this point though - overall I 'm happy for the price.NOTE
 I bought this antenna to put on my motorcycle to be able to use my midland CB I also got the Cobra connector and everything works just fine and saved myself a few dollars ... the magnite is very strong and the antenna worked well , , ,
 I 've used variations of this antenna for years . They make great 2nd antennas when going on a road trip with more than one vehicle , the magnet holds up well past the speed limit , and depending on where you place it will depend on what kind of results you get -LRB- Dead center of the roof is my favorite spot -RRB- . I suppose if I wanted anything else out of this antenna it would be a spring -LRB- tree limbs are unforgiving , evil objects -RRB- .
 Good product . Good rating on my swr meter , did n't need any tuning . Good strong magnetic base . I like the way it looks on my xterra .
 I wish I had bought a clamp on mount since my trunk seems to be aluminum and the magnet wo n't stick . I 've mounted the antenna on my roof but is too tall to drive thru parking garages . I 've seen bought a clamp on mount for the edge of my trunk that just arrived today .
 I have this antenna attached to the Midland 1001LWX ; together they work very well . I keep the radio , ext speaker , DC adapter and the SWR meter in a little box in the trunk ready for quick install in 2 minutes . The reason ... I use it only when I 'm on the road in addition to another vehicle ... super convenient ... . Also , I have a 120VAC to 6A -15 VDC house converter so I can use it on the kitchen counter ... Just thought you would like to know ... it goes everywhere ... !!! Now , the antenna magnet is super strong at 80 mph ... uh ... I mean 75 mph ... I do n't speed ... OK ??? You will be very happy with this product , and maybe some of the other stuff ... Be well....10-4 ...
 good product and works good on my hunting vehicle never comes off even in wooded areas when hit by limbs
 I have this mounted on the roof of my silverado and it works great . I get SWR readings of 1.1:1 - 1.2:1 on CH1 and CH20 , on both a Cobra 29 LX BT , and a Midland 75-822 . I do get comments from my friends about it looking like an RC truck , but it works better than theirs . When not in use or when I park in the garage , I remove the coil and whip , and replace the rubber cap to protect the brass threads . Just make sure you tune it -LRB- as you should any CB antenna -RRB- , place it as high as possible , and you should have no issues .
 Excellent antenna . Can route the cable most any way and then store it in the trunk or back of an SUV . Magnetic mount so no neeed to try and figure out how or where to drill , put screws , etc. . Cobra products always a good bet .
 Bought this antenna with the Cobra it goes with for my son for christmas and it is working good with the Radio ... he gets good reception with it ... good antenna for the money ... would recommend it to anyone buying the radio it goes with ...
 I thought this antenna would be smaller , but it turns out to be great . It shipped faster then expected . I got it in 10 days . When it originally said 5 days . Lifetime warranty . Easy to to tune , great for all CB radios . However I would recommend using it with a cobra cb , but that 's only because that 's what I bought with it .
 I bought this with a Midland 1001Z radio , hooked it up , had it matched with an SWR meter , and it 's working great so far . with that magnet on the base , the antenna is n't going anywhere .
 It 's a good product for 11m band CB Radio , not too long and long enough for a SWR acceptable.there is also a rubber cover on the pedestal who can prevent from the paint damage
 easy to install , works VERY well once tuned properly . The whip has plenty of extra length for tuning . I think i removed almost 2 '' of it on mine before the swr began to get close to acceptable.this was installed on a 4x4 suburban . since installation this antenna has held up well to a fair amount of abuse by over hanging limbs and interstate speeds . no movement at all with the mag mount .
 This is a good short range antenna . I found if you want to reach out you need better equipment . Good for a beginning cb ` er
 I have used CB Radios for 35 years and I have several CB antennas around to use . . I purchased this one based on the specks and so far I am impressed with this needed part of a system and I would recommend to anyone that wants a quality antenna . .
 sets up and tunes up in a snap . would be a good choice for any CB . I would definitely recommend this to afriend .
 Worked great right out of the box . EXCELLANT SWR and have not had to do anything the whip . No re-adjusting , no clipping off a bit to make shorter for proper SWR . I also put it on my Metal roof over my shack and works GREAT . Magnet is very strong and stays where you put it . I suggest this antenna to everyone . I like to work skips and I have been all over USA and Canada , Loud and Clear from Up-State New York to Key West Fla. , to Los Angelas , Dallas and Baton Rouge . EVERYWHERE . Does better than my inverted V dipole antenna . LOVE IT . Made a good choice when I bought it
 works just as good as a k40 for half the price , have no problem with reception . sticks to roof very well esay to install
 THE ANTENNIA & CABLE WAS JUST FINE & WHAT I NEEDED , SO I COULD REMOVE IT IF I 'M IN LOW TREED AREA IN THE MOUNTAINS , AS FAR AS I CAN SEE IT WORKS GREAT & WOULD BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN
 I have owned several magnet mount antennas beforeI bought this one to accompany a galaxy dx 929 I recently purchasedI hooked everything up to check SWRs and ended up just under 2 all the way across the frequency range ... impressive ... so far I have broadcasted 4 miles with it but I imagine that will improve outside of the city when I take this on the road in a week ... granted the galaxy radio has a lot to do with this but it certainly is a good magnet mount antennait came in a box big enough for it and assembled in seconds
 It seems to be a well-built magnetic mount antenna . Nice low profile . The magnet holds at highway speeds of over 70 mph . on a van . The included rubber base is a nice touch and should help protect the paint . Tune up was easy . It was pretty close from the factory for a low SWR . It transmits and receives well . It 's not a full size whip antenna mounted in the middle of the roof . However for quick , temporary installations it works fine . I would buy another .
 I bought this antenna to go along with my first cb radio and I have to say that it works great . The magnet holds really well I have n't had any problems at all.Mr Electric
 great antenna you can use on any kind of vehicle and move from car to car to another car or to a truck or ? Well you get it works well and magnet holds great
 Great antenna if your able to use the connector it has . i have a mobile cb radio , which does not have the same connector as a normal CB radio . So i needed to go out to radioshack and but a convertor to make it fit on my mobile CB radio . Once it fit the antenna worked great , just beware that you might need this convertor if your using a handheld unit .
 I bought this antenna for use with a hand-held portable CB auto-to-auto . Works great at a good distance . Magnetic mount is easy and effective . Needs a coupler -LRB- not provided -RRB- to connect antenna to CB .
 All went very good , good price , fast shipping and everything works fine .
 This antenna came packaged in a BIG box which had plenty of packing in it.It was exactly as described . I have n't had a chance to use it yet , because of the weather here in the Northeast . I have always had good luck with Cobra products over the years and do n't expect this to be any different .
 It 's a nice little ant to stick on your car to talk with people in a traveling group if it 's tuned .
 This unit is for my wife car , and she can get about 1/2 the range that my 12 ' whip does , but its easy and more stylish then this huge whip . -LRB- I love the look of the Whip -RRB- on my Truck but she likes the looks of this antenna on her NEW car . no holes being drilled and she flipped out seeing me cut a whole in the side of my trk to mount the whip . LOL . .
 So I purchased a handheld CB for emergency purposes , and I also purchased this antenna . I must say , this antenna is amazing in quality and range .
 The CB antenna was of better quality than I expected . I have had no issues with this product . The antenna worked great right out of the box , it was actually bigger than I thought it would be . There are instructions how to peak it in but that was not necessary.The magnet is strong and I have n't had a problem with it sliding around on my trunk lid . I would recommend this productCobra HG A 1500 Base-Load Medium Magnet Mount 300W CB Antenna
 Ive had it for 2 months for my jeep wrangler . Works fine and stays on . I would defiantly recommend it . Just has to e a little high to receive a signal
 I bought this antenna thinking that I will only use my radio when I go off on a road trip , boy was I wrong , the antenna became a part of my roof and has been for a few weeks now . It was an easy install and as far as tuning the SWR , in fact , did n't have to tune it . I was getting a good 1.2 on ch .1 - 1.2.5 on ch .40 and almost flat on ch .20 , straight from the packaging . I 'm using a Uniden Bearcat 980SSB -LRB- stock -RRB- and I 'm getting great Rx/Tx . The magnet on this antenna is pretty strong and even driving at speeds in excess of 70mph will not move the antenna . The only thing that I hate is the coax cable ca n't be set-up in a way that the door does n't slam on it . If it came with a removable connector , I could properly install it with a much cleaner looking cable . Also , the cable is a bit short . I have a Subaru Forester and putting the antenna on the middle of the roof and running the coax to the back hatch and snaking it to the front makes for a short cable.But all in all , I 'm very happy about this antenna . It does what it 's supposed to do and set-up is a breeze!If I ever lose the one that I have , I 'll buy the same one again !
 Got this for my Jeep CherokeeNeeded an antenna to communicate with my buddies out in the desert and it works awesome ! - Without a tune I get signal from a decent distance.-Mounted it square in the middle of my roof , and the magnet is more than capable of holding on.-Ran the cable along my headliner down to my dash and still had some slack in the cable.-Ive already hit trees and signs , this thing is tough ! - The antenna screws off , so you can leave the base on wherever and remove the antenna if needed.This thing rocks ! Easily worth more than the price listed .
 Firstly , let it be said that this antenna is not intended for permanent use . It is meant to be used temporarily . That said , it works great when I need it .
 The antenna needed no adjustment , it was balanced at 1.5 on a SWR meter right out of the box . Only problem was , the cable was only marginally long enough .
 Right out of the box this antenna worked great . The SWR on channel 1 was about 1.2 and a little over 1.5 on channel 40 . Some minor adjustments brought the SWR down to a hair under 1.5 on channel 40 which , for me at least , is perfectly fine . This antenna comes with a generous amount of coax which should work for most applications . The mount base has a seemingly flimsy rubber cover/pad that I 'm a bit skeptical of but so far has n't failed . Great antenna for the price .
 It works , I did n't realize how tall it was though . I took the plastic cover off , it seemed to make it slide around . I end up hitting lots of treas and drive through roofs . I has only been knocked off once , and that was a very low tree . Like I said it works , I do n't know what to compar it too though .
 Simple . Effective . Easy . Portable . Switchable between vehicles . Inexpensive for what you get . It does n't get any better does it ?? :--RRB- I could make this long and add a bunch of tech notes ie ease of adjusting SWR ; effective range etc etc , but I think it is unnecessary . If you need more than a good CB , time to move up to the HAM world .
 Great value . It 's true that the rubber base pad is as cheap as it could possibly be , but the antenna had an SWR of 1.1 to 1 , right out of the box . Works great .
 Great antenna . Excellent swr . For ten meter use i would like to mention the 300 watts the antenna is rated for is p.e.p. not r.m.s.
 This came properly packaged in a large cardboard box -LRB- no problems with damage in transit -RRB- . I inserted the antenna whip into the base and tightened a set screw with the enclosed allen wrench . The magnetic mount held the antenna securely in the middle of the roof of our van . The cable was sufficiently long to run from the antenna , through the rear hatch door seal , down to the floor of the van , along the floor to the front seat where it attached to a cb radio . Since I did not have an SWR meter , I was not able to adjust the antenna . Even so , I was getting a good mile radius around me where I had solid radio contact -LRB- this is from a Cobra hand-held CB -RRB- . Antenna stayed firm on the roof even though I was driving 70mph for much of the time . We got into some freezing rain which formed a layer of ice around the antenna -LRB- and that hurt transmission -RRB- , but did not cause any damage to the antenna .
 If you have a small car , such as my Mazda , it is easy to install and route to the CB . I have mounted mine on the trunk , and it can be removed if necessary . The magnet is of good strength and works well . It has also taken a few knocks from my oak tree that branches out over my drive way.So far , I am pleased with its performance .
 The Cobra antenna that I received was of a very good quality and performed very well with my Cobra 40 channel SSB Radio . The only problem was that I had ordered the HG A1500 High Gear CB Antenna and received the HG A1000 Antenna instead . It is the same antenna except it is about 15 inches shorter . I decided to keep it instead of going to all the trouble sending it back for an exchange .
 So I purchased a handheld CB for emergency purposes , and I also purchased this antenna . I must say , this antenna is amazing in quality and range . It allowed me to talk to trucks from my university campus all the way across the river , out to US-22 where the Lehigh Valley mall is . That is some incredible range considering it is hilly with lots of large metal buildings around.Anyways , I recommend this antenna to anyone with a CB , even a handheld . I know many people purchase a handheld CB for emergencies in the car , but many people do n't purchase external antennas . Note to all of those people ... having the CB in the car will diminish the transmitting range to almost nothing . Besides , if you have an emergency , do you really want to stand on top of your car and call for help b/c your manufacturer supplied antenna is a piece of junk ? While pulled over you could set this antenna on top of your car and call for help . Or , whenever you are driving on a long trip , put it on top of your car ahead of time . It 's also great for killing time and talking to people . I also purchased the Cobra telescoping antenna for true emergency purposes if I am separated from my vehicle and far from the high-way , I need to reach someone etc.Overall ... good to have ... and it works on highways going over 80mph !
 Purchased for use with a Midland 75-822 , this antenna significantly extends the range of the CB.It seems well-built and reliable .
 Adapter appears to be of good quality . However , although an accessory recommend by Amazon for this CB and ariel combination , this adapter is not necessary to marry the Cobra HG A 1500 Base-Load Medium Magnet Mount 300W CB Antenna with the Midland 75-822 40 Channel 2 Way Radio . Will likely keep the adapter as it will cost as much to return it as refund would probably amount to .
 Antenna works good , stuck it in the middle of my roof and pull in conversations from several miles away . Still havent gotten it tuned , but need to.Amazon packaging was TERRIBLE . Antenna came BENT to fit into a box . I was worried it would n't snap back straight but it did . Christ , amazon , do n't you have any long thin boxes ?
 well engineered antenna for CB use . Requires knowledge of SWR for optimum assembly and use . Stable platform.Reasonable pricing .
 This thing is so easy to set up , tune , and get on the road in literally a few minutes . The magnet is super sturdy when you want it and its easy to take off for storage when you want that . I got about a 10 mile range through a bunch of trees with this thing , talked to a friend a couple counties up . Pair it with a $ 100 + CB tranciever and you will not be disapointed .
 this is completely obsolete so i wont waste much time here this is mostly for those who rebuild from used parts and cobble together old systems . i bought this back in 2002 and it has powered many systems and still works to this day 12/2011 currently giving me no trouble and running as a secondary on a phenom2 system .
 Installed this in my car in under 5 minutes . Comes pre-cut so it elimates that mess out . And I really liked how each wire was labeled what function it did , which took a little guess work out .
 The stock fan that came with my Dell Dimension 8400 was pretty noisy . This fan is noticeably quieter.Like the stock Dell fan , this fan adjusts its speed based on the temperature of the air flowing past it , and has a wire that allows the BIOS to monitor it , which prevents a boot-up error that would occur without it . Unlike the stock fan , this fan does not contain a fourth wire that allows the fan to be controlled by the motherboard , but this does not remove any real functionality -- it just is n't possible to use other software to set the fan speed.The lone difficulty is installation . The Dell motherboard uses a proprietary 5-pin connector , and the 3-pin plug on the fan wo n't fit . To make it fit , you need to use pliers to take off the plastic sheath around the pins . * Be careful , as it can be easy to bend the pins or gouge the motherboard ! * You only need the sheath to be off the three pins you will connect to . Take note of which pins the original fan 's wires connected to.At this stage , you can plug the 3-pin plug onto the pins , ensuring that white , red , and black are on the same pins as the original fan . You could also attach the white wire alone to the pins , using the 4-pin Molex power plug of the Y-adapter to plug the fan into your power supply instead , but this is n't necessary.Once the wires are in place , the fan assembly can be installed and uninstalled easily , as the fan is held in the shroud by rubber pins . Just gently pull the old fan off -LRB- its okay if the pins come out too -RRB- . Then take the pins , insert them into the holes of the new fan -LRB- stationary Antec logo facing out of the PC -RRB- with the stumpy side towards the case exterior , then position the rubber pins at the holes on the shroud assembly and pull them through from the other side .
 I found this product to be the perfect solution to a failed fan in my HP-branded desktop.Between calling and stopping in , I checked almost 20 retailers in my area . Many had n't heard of a 92mm fan , one even saying there was n't such a thing . No problems with noise or performance .
 This fan has a tiny sensor in the front of the blades , so be careful not to bend it when you installed it . It comes with a -LRB- removable -RRB- 4-pin power connector and a separate signal connector to motherboard . Got ta take 1 star out , since the screws provided is to big for the fan , and will break the fan if I force it . I 'm using my original screws from the old fan .
 Really like these for the thermal temp as -LRB- auto rpm speed adjust -RRB- They cost a little more than stock fans , but do n't run as hard or at straight set rpm if that matters to you.Fans are nice and easy to install comes with all hardware . Wirer adapter comes with it 4-pin molex male-female end to use inline with something else plugged in , if not have a open plug available to use . Or can use the 3-pin to mobo if that is available .
 fan was easy to install , comes with screws ... this fan at full rpm is so much quieter then my old stock fan ... and as well it moves more air through the case keeping everything inside happy
 Really good product . It runs extremely quietly . It is a welcome relief from noisy factory-installed fans.Very easy to pop out your old fan and to install your new one . Check sizing and number of fans in your machine .
 Does great job - moderately quiet . I would buy again .
 Elinchrom has never let me down and I use 3 of these in studio and I 've always been pleased with it 's quality and craftsmanship . My only pet peeve is that they 're bulky and not as sexy , light or sleek as some other monolights . If that does n't matter to you , save the extra $ 400 and go Elinchrom ! Used by pros everywhere .
 This mouse is as good as the major brands of mice you can find in terms of quality , precision and durability . You can be assured it performs to your PC optical requirements for input devices . No regrets buying this reliable gadget from Memorex . The only drawback is its big shape which may not be suited for smaller palms , slightly short cable - 1.5 m and P/S2 plug -LRB- But works with a USB adaptor -RRB- .
 I purchased this mouse to replace the normal track-ball mouse that came with my computer . The operating system automatically detected the mouse right away , and I did not have to do any further setup/installation/configuration . Scroll wheel support was automatically set , and I have no problems using it with my enhanced keyboard . A great buy to replace your current mouse !
 While , it has n't changed my life , I have absolutely enjoy using this lens along with my Powershot S70 . It 's a great tool when it 's used as intended . This lens is designed to extend your camera 's optical zoom by 2X . This is very useful if you 're shooting in Camera RAW . The S70 does n't enable digital zoom when shooting in RAW . Please keep in mind that this lens is for distance and landscape shots . It 's not an alternative to your regular optical zoom . Nor is it for indoor pictures . You should use your regular zoom in these instances . People have commented that using the flash with this lens will create a goofy blur on your photo . This is true . But , you should n't be using your flash anyway . When taking a picture of a mountain , the little flash bulb is n't going to help if there is n't enough natural light . So , turn the flash off and try not to wait until nightfall to start taking pictures . You 'll find that this is a great lens for those of us who want a little more zoom and are just not ready to swallow the cost of a good DSLR .
 Excellent product . Easily and securely attaches to my Powershot S70 -LRB- with required lens adapter -RRB- via the tripod mount -LRB- the adapted has another tripod mount -RRB- . Pictures are crisp and blemish free . The lens comes with a carrying case to keep it out of harms way . Very pleased with the product , plus with the added lenses I look like a pro !
 I researched digital cameras extensively before making my purchase , and I could not be more pleased with my new Canon S70 ! I was interested in a high megapixel count , a good zoom , but a price under $ 450 . This Canon S70 has less zoom than I want , but you can always crop later , since you have the nice Megapixel count , and I plan to buy the optional teleconverter lens . Having played with my new camera for a few days now , I believe its worth every penny and more , and I do n't think you can find a camera this good , with so many options , for a similar price . Trust me , I 've looked!This is so much more than a point and shoot . If what you really want is a dSLR -LRB- like I did -RRB- but ca n't afford on -LRB- like I ca n't -RRB- , you will be oh-so-pleased by this camera . It offers a wealth of creative options , but also has some quick `` cheater '' pre-fixed modes , like portrait , landscape , night shots , and fast shutter . The only thing really missing is a hotshoe for an external flash and a good manual focus -LRB- it has one operated by a button -RRB- . But come on ... the auto focus is really good , and the red eye is much less than I thought , and you can always edit that out . And I am willing to sacrifice those things for the incredibly small size ! It feels dense and solid -- like it can take a good fall -- but is not too heavy , considering what it is packing . It is very comfortable to hold , intuitive to operate , and the controls are logically placed . And my goodness , is it one good looking camera!I chose this Canon over the similarly priced/packaged Nikon , Sony , and Panasonic Lumix largely because of picture quality , reliability , and size . SOny has high reliability , but I hate the coloring of most Sonys . The Nikon felt cheap in my hands , and the Panasonic Zs felt very tippy and too large -LRB- which you have to have for a zoom that size -LRB- though it became my second choice . -RRB- I looked on line at a website where a reviewer takes the same picture with different digital camera , and I was consistently favoring the Canon 's -- maybe its a personal preferrence . I felt coloring -LRB- especially skin tone -RRB- looked most natural , contrast was better , and details were considerably sharper -- even over higher MP cameras.And the picture quality of my camera has lived up to my expectations . Do n't let people tell you 7.1 MP is not much better than 5 MP ! It is . -LRB- Though if you just want to make small pictures and email them , you do n't need all that MP -RRB- The coloring is dead on , the pictures are crisp , and you have options to saturate or soften the colors or change the white balance . But the pictures are so good -- even with everything on auto -- that I can hardly believe I 'm the one who took the picture ! Even when you take lower resolution pictures , they are wonderful -LRB- and save room on the way too small Compact Flash -RRB- So do I still wish I had an dSLR ? Yeah , I have to admit . I wanted the Canon EOS or PowerShot Pro 1 , which is , by the way , a very comfortable , lovely camera -LRB- and not as big as you 'd think , but bigger than the S70 -RRB- . But I also want a Porche . Besides , I 'm not `` Pro '' enough to deserve a Pro 1 ... so I 'll learn and practice on my Canon S70 , have amazing photos , and then maybe one day -- If I still feel the need for it -- maybe I 'll get a Pro 1 . But if you ca n't afford a top quality dSLR , you are better off getting a S70 than a lesser quality brand 's dSLR . You wo n't regret it.However , you should count into your budget the purchase of a real memory card , as the one that comes with the camera is puny , but thats true for a lot of high MP digital cameras . ANd when I have the money , I 'll buy the teleconverter lens . But even after you buy accessories , you are still getting the most for your money in terms of options , quality , reliability , and happiness .
 Very pleased with these fine quality L-pads . The rotation is nice and smooth and they appear to be of a great quality . These L-pads are exactly what I was looking for and they were shipped extremely fast too . Very pleased ...
 Received the Lamp , as described . Installed and works , no problems . Would purchase again and again as needed for the projector .
 This was bought for a medical office to scan insurance cards and drivers licenses into to our medical records system . It was essentially plug and play . We simply had to work out the sizes we needed for our scan area . It takes up almost no space .
 Turtle Beach 's Santa Cruz is a welcome alternative to the everpresent Creative line of sound cards.When I first opened the box , I was disappointed . The box is enormous , but there is almost nothing in it . There is a PCI card , a CD in a paper sleeve , a quick start fold-out , and a warranty registration card . I expected at least a dozen-page manual , and its ommission made me cautious.Installation is easy , though it did require at least two reboots to complete . The full product manual is available on the install CD as a PDF.I upgraded to a Santa Cruz from a Creative SB Live ! Value . I upgraded for a few specific reasons . My old card had all the features I wanted - it supported quadraphonic sound , had all the inputs and outputs -LRB- digital and analog -RRB- that I wanted . Technically , though , it was lacking - the Live ! line has notorious problems with interrupt sharing , which modern Windows systems use incessantly . Despite driver upgrades , I had popping , stuttering audio.No more with the Santa Cruz . The new soundcard is much more reliable than the old . I did not expect to hear an audible difference in the sound quality , but I did . The Santa Cruz is crisp and clear , with a very low noise floor . The positional audio is also impeccable . A last unexpected benefit is that it runs much , much cooler than my old Live ! did . The main chip on my Live ! would be noticibly warm to the touch , but the Santa Cruz stays nice and cold . With summer upon us , every bit of cooling in your PC helps.The bundled software is not flashy , but it is definitely adequate . The tools provided are small and unobtrusive . There is one utility that loads into the tray by default , replacing the standard volume control . I have n't tried disabling that yet , but it is hardly noticeable . There is an eq and an effects selector , with the ability to save presets for quick retrieval.Although I have only quad speakers , the Santa Cruz supports everything from headphones -LRB- with virtual surround ! -RRB- to 5.1 format audio . It also supports several environmental effect standards
 I love really good equipment - and this card is the best overall . It has better driver support for more games - a better user interface than creatives cards -LRB- I have a SB live also -RRB- and has a smaller CPU usage footprint ... and it 's cheaper . It 's an ABSOLUTE steal - yes It 's better that SB live value - LIVE ! - and IMHO - better than ALL audigy cards for gaming - it 's gives less trouble and runs better on most games . 5.1 / 6.1 sound - versa jack - sound options out he WAZOO ! I built a new rig with MSI 415d motherboard -LRB- Nvida chipset -RRB- AMD athalon xp2100 OCZ PC 2700 , Coolermaster ALUM . case , HCC_001 CM HS , and by my choice -LRB- and i had the money to but Audigy -RRB- I plugged a new Santa cruise in this baby - ... and ... it rocks .
 Having heard a SB Audigy Platinum Sound Card in action , I have to tell you that this thing is the real deal for ALOT less . It 's got support for EVERY speaker combination you can think of , from 2 , to 4 , and then the 5.1 6 Speaker setup . I 've got the Promedia 5.1 System , and this is the PERFECT card for it . I did n't think I needed to go any further than the Turtle Beach to get top quality sound , and I guessed right . If you buy a Sound Blaster , you 'll probably get the same quality , with a few extra features , and a more recognized brand name . However , if your into performance and bang for the buck , rather than brand names , look no further.The installation was simple , pull out the old card , plug this one in . The diagram on the back of the box is plenty detailed enough to help you find where your speaker plugs go . The installaion disk installed itself in about 1 minute , and I was rolling with REAL 5.1 Surround Sound.The control panel is great , plenty of detail to adjust the card to perform to your specifications . It 's a fancy card for a discounted price , but your not paying for it by getting less quality . This is a GREAT sound card . Dell sells these with the 8200 series line , and they rarely make mistakes.If you 've got a 5.1 System , I ESPECIALLY reccomend this , because you need the 6 speaker support . If your just looking to upgrade , look no further.Good luck and take care .
 Well , I now make a partial living from building high end to Mid end cpmputer gaming systems . On the motherboards that do not have the C-Media 8738 onboard sound , or the N-Force Dolby -LRB- c -RRB- sound , I always use the Turtle Beach Santa Cruise , never a Soundblaster of any kind . The SB series do work great on Intel chipset motherboards , and they sound nice , but not as nice as this TB Santa Cruise , and the TB card works on so many more game titles and motherboard chipsets -- Via , SIS , ... and gives hardly any problems -- if any at all . Mostly I build with Soyo , Biostar , And Epox motherboards for thr AMD XP 1600-2800 . On ther Soyo boards , the C-Media is fairly nice , but on Epox and Biostar , they usually have the AC97 onboard sound , which I replace with the Santa Cruise . Fistly , the interface is simple and has many options -- but not TOO many , like the SB series -- so many that you are overwhelmed , and most of them you will never use , but on the Santa Cruise -- you will use most of them , and it 's a true digital card , and you can create so many cool sound effects , like using the `` sewer pipe '' effect while playing Half Life . The SB Audidy cards would be nice if they actually worked on all chipsets , and did not have so much `` bloatware '' that you will never use . You want clean-clear-crisp -- no skipping -- no popping , and want it to work on all your game titles ? -- and you want it to be perfect for music ? Look no further ... < This is the card to get > : -RRB-
 Way back in the day , when SB 8-bit was the coolest thing around . . everyone had one , cause thats what was out . Then a few years back there was some good compition in the sound card market . Creative Labs , and Aureal to be specific . I went Aureal -LRB- rip -RRB- when I built my last system ... and it has lasted me for these last few years . I was never a fan of SB or SB Live ! price vs performace , or features for that matter . A3D -LRB- i think , and most will agree -RRB- kicked EAX right in the pants . My last card , Aureals Vortex SQ2500 , I absolutly loved . Music , 3d gaming , all rocked . Matched with Klipsch ProMedia 4.1 I have been totally happy until I upgraded my system -LRB- 2.4 P4 -RRB- and to Win XP Pro . Since Aureal went belly up , support for XP just is n't there . I lost quad sound , the great Aureal control panel . Time to upgrade , and i figured SB was going to be the only choice . But I searched around , and found the Santa Cruz . Familiar with the Turtle Beach name , and what info I gathered , seemed wise to purchase one . Awesome . Easy to install , new XP drivers right off the webpage . Music sounds even better to me now . I really like the control panel layout , and a real EQ , like my old Aureal card . Effects sound great , and none of that system hogging , useless software that SB crams on your computer . I reccomend this card for anyone , music lover , gamer . . does n't matter . Solid card , lots of features , ca n't go wrong . To top it off , cheaper than SB cards . Only gripe
 This card is one of the best values out there . It has great sound , uses less resources than any Creative product -LRB- I also unfortunately have a Soundblaster Live ! 5.1 -RRB- , has better software packaged with it , is much less expensive to buy than any of the Creative cards , and is really easy to set up . I ca n't say enough good things about this card . The sound is great on dvd movies with Dolby Digital sound and a 5.1 sound system . The drivers are very stable and work great on both Windows 2000 Professional and XP Pro . Save your money and get a great value in a product . Buy this card !
 Great card ! Good sound and Im still messing with the software that came with it so ca n't tell you what I think about that yet but Im betting its fine.Pay attention to the install instructions and make sure you turn off any built in onboard gameport settings you current system might have.DO NOT ALLOW AUTO DETECT TO INSTALL DRIVERS FOR THIS CARD . -LRB- winxp -RRB- It is worth the effort to install and worth the money.Good buy I would say and as always Amazon.com got it to me safe and sound .
 Do n't know what the previous reviewer did wrong , but MY copy of Wizardry8 , JK2 , Morrowind , DOC , Age Of Empires2 , Neverwinter Nights , ... the list goes on -LRB- i have nearly all of em -RRB- , Serious Sam2 , UT , Urban Terror - Q3 , Aliens Vs. Predators2 ... get the picture , they all run flawlessly with this card , the person below has a `` conflict '' - perhaps too many PCI Cards , or a bad driver , or an incorrectly configured device . For owners of Via chipsets this card is a godsend -LRB- audigy imcompatibility with `` some '' - of the Via mobos -RRB- . No kiddin ... I have ALL the titles that the below poster has and about 55 more - no problems with SC Turtle beach . Perhaps you `` down below '' are not very techically adept - probably something very simple . ... By the way -- the best speakers in the world are the Klipch Pro Media 's -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- ... and ... they are NOT digital ... dude ... they are ANALOG . Nuff said . Peace . Get the Turtle Beach Santa Cruise for gaming !
 I am a music fanatic , I want to hear those footsteps comeup behind me , when i do gaming , Iwant to hear my music clearly , without turning the music down , because it was distoring . Firstof all I had a Sounblaster 512 , I though it was the speaker fault , I went and bought Altec 's best , that did not work . I returnedit.I went through about 6 sound systems , just sounded ok . Sowhen I get frustrated about computers and sound , I go to anotherstore for advice , so I did . This guy at the other store , said `` heydid you ever hear about Turtle Beach Systems ? '' . I growing up withonly Sound Blaster , stated `` Is there anything better than SB ? `` He stated , `` you wont be sorry '' So again I bought it from Amazon , and gosh the diferrence between night and day . Theclaritythe ease of setting it up , loading was very easy !!! If youra `` picky person on hearing what you want to hear '' , please get this.I admit it was a name a had not heard ever , but if you know someone in the `` computer field '' , they will tell you . This willbe the last sound card you need . The price was very veryreasonable .
 I got the card a week ago . what a card.Sound is unreal , very clear.for the money there is no better card . Very happy .
 1 word , Wow . This is the first Turtle Beach Card I 've owned since my very first PnP PCI Daytona . All I can say is they 've imporved their cards drastically , and this is one great product . It completely annihalates my SB Live ! and shows my monster mx300 some new tricks . I would highly recommend this card to anyone interested in high fidelity audio . To respond to other reviewers , I 've had problems with WinAMP 3 with ALL of my soundcards , Dayonta PCI , SB Live , Santa Cruz , mx300 , etc , at first . Winamp 3 has some weird default settings that make the sound output sound crackly and horrible . I would recommend using winamp 2 . xx to compare sound fidelity . Imho .
 Great card . Have used it in 3 machines now and not a single problem with installation or usage.Puzzled by the negative reviews but then I figured it out . Odds are that these people are hearing what actually is on their machines . The Santa Cruz board plays true sound . So if you have a lousy copy of music or a game with lousy sound , that is what you are going to hear.I have found this with some of my music . What sounded OK using my Creative sound board sounded lousy with the Santa Cruz board . The reason was that the music was lousy and the Creative board muddied the sound so much that it masked the flaws in the music . When I reloaded songs directly from clean CD 's , the music was great.Also the choice of outputs is a great feature . It allows you to have multiple outputs.So the only caveat I have is , if you want to hear superb music from the Santa Cruz board , make sure the music you are trying to play is clean and not the 25th copy of the song . Every time you copy music or video on a computer it picks up flaws and drops notes . After a few iterations you have muddy music and the Santa Cruz board will play just what you input into it . Garbage In Garbage Out .
 Ease of installation = 5Sound quality = 5User interface = 5Bells & Whistles = 5This card is worth every penny you pay ... and puts SoundBlaster cards to shame . They could take a lesson.Rock On !
 This is a great sound card and a great value to boot . Sure , you can pay two to four times as much for some other brands -LRB- that used to be good , but are now just marketing -RRB- . But , why?My Ensoniq got fried by some errant hardware . I bought a sound card that was half the price of this one . It sounded awful . I could not use it for my editing.I did some searching and got the Santa Cruz . I am very happy -- and I saved a lot of money ! The best things are the very low noise floor -LRB- necessary for editing -RRB- and the incredible seperation -LRB- also helpful for editing -RRB- . I will definitely be recommending this card to my friends .
 I bought this inexpensive card to replace the built-in sound of my motherboard because I wanted higher quality output for listening to my MP3s . I am happy with the card and can say that it did increase the sound quality . Highs are crisper and base is punchier and deeper . Installation was very easy and I have n't had any problems with the card . The CPU used with WinAmp playing MP3s is only 0-1 % on a P4 3.0 GHz.A good match for this card are the Logitech 2300 THX certified speakers for about $ 110 , which I also purchased .
 I have been looking into audio cards for a few monthes on Amazon . This board always rated highly and I noticed other boards had problems . Circuit City had it on sale for $ 39.99 and I told my wife to get it for me for Christmas.I had the card installed in minutes , drivers as well . I proceeded to play one of my favorite cd 's
 I have had problems with the sound quality of captured video . The on-board AC '97 made it sound scratchy & tinny . Hence I decided to get a sound card . SB live ! and Philips cards were no go as they locked up my system . Hurricane Extreme was no better than on-board audio . In a last desperate measure , I installed the Santa Cruz 5.1 card . The installation was unbelievably smooth -LRB- W2K + MSI K7-Master -RRB- and the sound quality is excellent . I heartily recommend this card to anyone looking for a stable PCI card with excellent audio quality
 After spending a half day with another 5.1 card that just would ` nt work right , I traded it for the Santa Cruz and installed this baby in 5 minutes without a hitch . Great sound and the control panel is really intuitive and easy to use . Should have saved myself the trouble and bought the Santa Cruz first .
 Though being 5.1 . surround , the onboard sound card in my new Dell XPS 400 , a.k.a. Dimension 9150 , was much too low quality to serve my Altec Lansing GT 5051 5.1 . loudspeakers right
 Installed this board in a 4 year old Dell -LRB- PIII 500 MHz -RRB- as part of an upgrade to Windows XP . Previous sound card was a Turtle Beach Montego that does not fully support XP . The Santa Cruz installed without a hitch and I have had no problems after installation . The Santa Cruz control panel is compact and easy to use and the sound is fine . Some of the supporting software is `` lite '' but includes an interesting assortment of things for experimentation . Recommended for those interested in a reasonably priced midrange to high end sound card .
 Best one I have ever seen . The ouput is unbelievable.What I liked is 4.1 / 6.1 sound - versa jack - sound option.This will enable one to connect either a headphone or a Digital source . If you are really interested in buying a sound card , this the one I would recommend .
 Bought this during upgrade to Windows XP . What a great card . Simple to install and easy to use . Connected to a 400 watt 4.1 speaker system and the quality is amazing . Great software bundle included and web support is very good . Get one !
 I recently upgraded from basic speakers to a 5:1 speaker set and discovered a hardware problem with my old sound card , a Creative Labs card that was a standard component with my system . The documentation that came with the card was n't great , and it took a while to identify the problem , so I was looking outside the Creative family for my next sound card . I 'd read several good reviews of the Turtle Beach Santa Cruz card , so I figured I 'd take a shot on it.That shot definitely paid off . I have nothing but good things to say about my new sound card
 I am currently happily using this card in two machines . The first was the choice of a local custom builder four years ago , and the second was my own choice based on the wonderful sound this card delivers.I 'm using them to power a trio of very modest Altec Lansing speakers -LRB- subwoofer and two satellites -RRB- and a top of line set of Klipsch 5.1 THD speakers . It brings out the best in the both the $ 40 and the $ 400 speakers.Let 's face it
 I recently bought the Santa Cruz card to replace the SB Live that came with my Dell P4 . The SB never worked well , giving me sound out of only 3 of my 4 main speakers . The Santa Cruz installed and played 4.1 . digital without skipping a beat . The sound is better than the SB and the SC control panel is MUCH easier to use DSP effects . The only weakness compared to the SB is the rather boring accesories included with the SC . If you want a quality sound card and do n't need the extras , it 's as simple as - Santa Cruz rules , Sound Blaster BLOWS .
 Works with XP and a PCI slot after XP it 's not so good . Actually I think its been discontinued .
 Got this to replace the Creative Value Live ! card on an XP system to see if strings would stop sounding like finger nails scraping a black board and it worked ! The software interface is intellegent compared to Creatives kiddy junk and it 's very easy to use . The Santa Cruz also does n't distort piano notes or voice . The bundled software is kind of deceptive , most of it being demos , and the lite editions are truly `` light '' making them fairly useless if you want to use Midi . Overall I would still chose Turtle Beach over Creative being lower cost , better performance , easy to use and setup , and designed for people who are older than 12 .
 Wow ! I love this card.Easy to install . Setup on XP was no problem at all.Deep , rich sound -LRB- Naked Music has never sounded so good -RRB- . Played Counter-Strike , footsteps were crisp and clear.I recently purchased a Creative Audigy card ; after install somewhat random system crashes plauged my heretofore fine system . I call the crashes somewhat random because they occurred randomly while playing counter-strike and always when I tried to play sound from two different programs.Driver updates did n't help at all.The first thing I did before writing this review was to check those old problems.All gone , simply with a Turtle Beach install.Problem solved and with better sound ! Ca n't beat it . Great card , great price . I love it .
 I found this sound card really easy to install . It sounds great with my AL 5:1 speakers , especially playing games .
 AWSUME !! its easy to connect and get running ... no problems with reconizing different speekers . The only problem it that it cant take 5 speakers it and only take 4 with 1 plug for front speekers and 1 for back
 I bought the Soundblaster 16 PCI from Creative Labs . It was total garbage . Any legacy app I had would not work very well . Some would cause my system to reboot . I took it back to the store and exchanged it for the Santa Cruz . What a difference ! It was easy to install , great documentation and loaded with extras . The sound is very high quality . I have n't had a single problem , with sound , since .
 When we first got our KOSS CDR200 , we were excited about the prospect of being able to record off the air and to transfer our old vinyls to CDs.However , we were initially disappointed with the failure rates of our audio CD-Rs . About half of them did n't work . After some research on the internet , we hypothesized that the brand of blank audio CD-Rs were to blame . At the web site www.cdrfaq.org , we discovered that the brand -LRB- Memorex -RRB- we were using were called `` trashable . '' So we bought two good brands , TDK and Sony audio CD-Rs and so far , we have not had one single failure.You must realize that the failures we had went as far as to get stuck in the drawer -LRB- pull the plug and the plug it back in , you can get it out -RRB- , failure to finalize , failure to be readable in any drive except the recording drawer , and sometimes not even that ! After changing the brand , no problem!We are now glad we have this unit . Yes , a computer system could do better , but no system is better than the ease of use . Once you get used to reading and interpreting the instructions , it works great !
 Based on the previous reviewer , I went ahead and purchased this item . I know that many of these burners seem to have occasional -LRB- or frequent -RRB- problems . I went ahead and risked getting a non-name brand and have n't regretted it for a second . This machines burns flawless CD 's from just about any source . Soon , I will have all my tapes on CD and backup copies of my personal CD 's . Get this burner !!
 Recently pruchased this unit without reading any reviews or actually having heard about it . Just saw it when I went into Best Buy store . For the price , excellent . So I took it . Flawless operation . Ease of use -LRB- once you can get through the instructions -RRB- . Beautiful layout . Results excellent quality.Instructions could be a bit more user friendly e.g. the term `` dubbing '' and `` make cd '' needs to be explained more fully as they take on a different meaning when used with this product . Not for commercial use , but hey , for commercial use , buy a proper cd duplicator that can handle the quantity with speed.better still , take the user through start to finish , as examples.The remote control features is also excellent . Saves getting up and down from from the chair for minor corrections . I just hope that they do not discontinue this product.I highly recommend it .
 I love the recorder but I bought it as an opened item at Best Buy and it did n't have a manual . I need one . Can you help ?
 This product has really helped me avoid the hand problems associated with using a mouse . I do a lot of research and digital audito editing and I 'm glad that I have n't had to grip a mouse to research and edit . If you have a desktop computer , you 'll appreciate that you do n't have to point a mouse all over your keyboard tray . I 'm grateful that this product is made . I hope that Cirque will make more of them since as of 5-5-08 I have n't been able to find too many of them . I 've had two of them since 2004 -- one for my home computer and one for my digital audio workstation and they 've been a godsend .
 The price for this thing is pretty steep but it 's made in Japan and it 's well constructed . The first thing to note is that it was a little bigger than I expected which made the camera and case combo a bit bulky . It would probably be inconvenient for most land activities . It is very important to read the instruction manual for this product ! The most disconcerting thing is that if it leaks and your camera gets destroyed , Canon wo n't pay for your camera repairs even though they designed it . Also , if you do n't apply the grease that comes with the case I suspect it might leak.We bought this primary for snorkeling in Maui with my Canon S70 . If you follow the directions it actually works great . The case lens does fog up , but it takes much longer to fog up than the snorkeling masks did . So by the time it got a little foggy we just brought it to the boat and opened it up for a few minutes and then it was good to go again . As a side note , if you plan to use this for snorkeling , try to get some weights for your body so that you 're not so buoyant . Every time I would try to swim underwater to get a shot of some fish I would not have time to focus and get a good shot because I would immediately start floating back up when I started working the camera . It was very frustrating.Overall we were happy with the camera case . It did not leak at all during our trip and we got a lot of great underwater pictures .
 I have been using one of these cases for a couple of years and probably 400 dives , many to the 130 foot recreational dive limit . If you follow the instructions and keep the O-ring clean and greased with silicon grease you should have no problems .
 At first was quite worried about the fact that even though this is a Canon Product , they do n't warranty or guarantee that it will work . However , if you follow the instructions properly , you will have a flawless photo session . Used it while snorkeling with sharks and rays . Perfect Pictures and Movies -LRB- with sound -RRB- under water . The Only CONS are as follows
 This thing is awesome !!!! You can access every function of the camera through the waterproof housing . I use it with my Canon Powershot S70 and it works flawlessly . I bought it for my honeymoon in Hawaii . Did some diving and snorkeling and always had it with me . I 've had it as deep as 100 feet in Lake Huron and have never had a problem with it . I love it !
 The waterproof case worked . I was lucky to find one for my old camera especially in such good condition . Hopefully , I can buy new seals .
 Product was great , tested my s70 underwater -LRB- I have to admit that I did n't dive more than a metre deep , though -RRB- . Big concern with UPS delivery who literally threw a 240 usd parcel in a Queens , NY driveway , instead of a proper signed delivery ! Pls Beware !
 This case has worked great for me . I have a s70 that i 've taken on a few vacations and now my friends seem amazed that i can take the camera underwater .
 This is a great case ... well made , allows the use of ALL the normal features . Very sturdy and has good action from all the buttons , etc. . No real cons , although you may want to take along some of those small silica packets to try to handle fogging issues . I think that most cases have fogging issues and I have not tried the silica packet solution , but it seems like it would work .
 I was a little nervous at first , but I tested it as the manual suggested and it worked great . I took it on two dives on Maui for a about 45 minutes each . Pictures look great . I did n't notice any issues with fog or heat , but I did have my S70 to auto power down & display set to turn off after a short time.I also recommend getting theCanon WWDC1 Weight for Canon Waterproof and All Weather Cases . I had all four mounted & did n't even notice the camera was there .
 I love this system ! It 's feature packed and looks great where ever you put it . I bought it mostly because I wanted a system that could play my MP3 cds as well as my purchased ones . It 's great not having to use my computer to play loads of -LRB- my favorite -RRB- music on one disc . There is one thing I would like to point out , that the speakers are not as great as they could be . To tell you the truth , my computer speakers are better sounding than these -LRB- but then again , my pc speakers did cost me an extra $ 400 . Klipsch Promedia 5.1 :-P -RRB- and so I ended up using those speakers in place of the original Koss ones . Besides one drawback , I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a system with MP3 playback capabilities for their home entertainment purposes . Otherwise , just get a portable cd-mp3 player and plug it into a powerful speaker system .
 I 've had my player for a little over a month now , and I am largely impressed . It plays CDRs , CDRWs and pre-recorded CDs all quite well , and the sounsd quality is exceptional . Finally I have something to listen to MP3s in my home with some decent quality without being anchored to my computer.My initial shock was the size of the system - the central section shown in the illustration is not much smaller than a 15 '' monitor . As such , it does not fit on most bookshelves easily . Have someplace where you have a good 18 '' of depth available for the unit and all the speaker connections.For MP3 recorded disks , read time is slow , sometimes up to 80 seconds . This is especially frustrating when you go to play the same disk a day later and have to wait again - you 'd think the machine would remember.The scrolling display indicates song title , and allows you to browse the other ID3 information fairly easily . However the display of any of these indicators appears to be limited to 16 characters , which often makes the feature largely useless , especially as the norm I 've experienced is to reserve 5 characters of the title for the track number -LRB- i.e. `` 01 - track '' -RRB- . As many of the CDs I 've burnt to MP3 are compilations , it would be nice to have a continuous scrolling track number/artist/title display a la Winamp , limited to at least 64 characters . Similarly it would be nice to be able to see the full Artist/CD Title info without the display cutting it off . That would be my ideal . Again , more on-board memory would help with this.My biggest complaint , though , is with the tuner . It is simply not possible to manually tune a station without the remote . This is thoroughly inexcusable , and makes the egregiously ill-thought assumption that the remote is used regularly . A remote for a shelf system is almost as useless as one for a car stereo .
 Met most of our expectations , Height adjustment is not easy to use , have to partially disassemble to use. , Have to be a bit cautious when moving with 60 &#34; flat screen
 We bought this cart for our church . It is extremely sturdy and rolls well . You can hid the cords in the pole so it looks nice .
 Satisfied with product and shipping . No issues when we set up this unit . We were looking for super cheap and this was an excellent bargain . Very stable .
 I purchased this cart to hold a 55 &#34; Vizio LCD for a church . We anticipate rolling the unit to many different classrooms in the building . I was very impressed with the weight and heft of the unit . It was fairly easy to assemble . I did n't need assistance to mount the TV to the unit . It rolls very easily with the TV on it . And the unit will roll easily through a 32 &#34; door or larger.I highly recommend this Cart for business or institution use .
 I live in a rancher . I thought it studpid to have several televisions , so I bought a great big one , 60 &#34; , and this cart . The cart is narrow enough to fit through the door threshold . I saw it in the background of the Judge Judy show . If the manufacturer could provide some type of handle to hold on to as it is wheeled from room to room . Otherwise , it 's great . The Geek Squad came to hook my system up and they were crazy about it , wanted to know where to get it . -LRB- smile -RRB-
 Product is expensive but is great quality . With a 55 inch TV it can be rolled aroundfeeling secure that it will not tip over . A great product when you have to moveyour flat panel to different rooms .
 Bought this to install a 40 '' flat panel TV with DVD player . Assembly took about 1 hour including a 5 minute call to customer service to make sure that I hadall the parts that I needed to install my TV . Because TV 's have so many different mount styles the directions were somewhat confusing . Customer service was helpful and hold times were minimal.Final assembly looks great , very sleek looking . Not much more to say but this is a well built stand that is worth the price .
 I bought this for the Microsoft PixelSense and was worried it would n't hold but it does!It holds great ! It rolls nicely . Works for transporting , too . Take the base , the stand , and the SUR40 and put it into an SUV and all you have to do is screw it back together -LRB- 10 minutes -RRB- and your set to demo on the go!The wheels survived the cobblestone sidewalks of Boston and the SUR40 is still going . All in all - great stand !
 This product came , and I was very impressed with the build quality . It is all metal and seems extremely sturdy . I was especially impressed with the quality of the casters . It rolls very well over cords and floor transitions even with a heavy 60 &#34; TV.The only reason I 'm knocking off a star is because it was kinda a pain to assemble , and that was n't mentioned in the product description . I am a mechanical engineer and it took me and a helper about 45 minutes to fully assemble and mount the TV . This is n't a ridiculous amount of time and I still would have bought the stand knowing that , but it is nice to know up front .
 We purchased this stand for an office setting for lack of a good wall to hang a 40 '' LCD TV on , and so that the screen would be movable depending on need . Assembly was a snap . The stand is very stable , more substantial than expected and moves very easily . The stand allows the TV to tilt left/right nicely . We use our screen with a computer attached so the attached shelf works nicely for a keyboard but would also hold a dvd player or similar.I was a little hesitant because of the price but am very satisfied with the purchase .
 Peerless did a great job with this cart . It 's very sturdy and the design is well thought out . It comes as a kit , but the instructions are easy to follow and the various connecting parts easy to identify . I was very impressed with the quality of the hardware . There 's no cheesy snapping stuff together . The various screws and bolts were all there and well packaged and the required Allen wrenches were conveniently provided . I thought there were a lot of screws , but a wide variety of screws are included to cover whatever sort of attaching is needed for installing the screen you are using . I found the ones I needed and there ended up being extras that were n't necessary for my situation . They are packaged individually and it 's not confusing to figure out which ones are appropriate for the type of installation.I installed a 55 '' Samsung that weighs about 80lbs . No problem . It attached securely and the cart moves easily with it attached . You do n't want to shove it carelessly . It is a lot of weight in the air . But with one hand on the mast and the other on the TV 's edge , the cart moves smoothly across low carpet on large , rubbery casters . There are also holes in the mast to run cables through to keep the mess out of sight.You can spend a lot more than this cart costs but I do n't know why you would want to . I bought , and built , this for a work related purpose , but once it was done , I wanted the same set up for home . It 's a good deal and a great way to make a big TV mobile .
 I was looking at a couple stands for our office 's 46 '' Samsung HD TV . Based on Amazon reviews I went with this one and also because this one weighed 30lbs more than the $ 100 cheaper model offered elsewhere . This one weighs in at a whopping 80lbs and heavier has got to be better for a stand on which you 're mounting an $ 800 TV . The stand comes efficiently packed in cardboard and bubble wrap - no Styrofoam . When I started taking the pieces out I was impressed with the fabrication and heft of each piece ; heck , I felt like I was about to put together a small piece of artillery ! Instructions were super clear and easy to follow & I think it took me about an hour to put it all together . I got it all assembled just in time for it to be used for a meeting in our conference room . It is super easy to wheel around on its big rubber wheels and the two rear wheels can be locked so it will stay in one place , though I think it will probably be moved around a lot . Excellent product .
 Peerless Universal Rolling Cart for 32 '' - 60 '' Flat Panel Screens with Metal Shelf -LRB- Black -RRB- I purchased this stand for my Panasonic VIERA TC-P65VT30 65-inch 1080p 3D Plasma.This was for use in our bedroom , to allow movement to recommended 6 ' positioning from viewing position.One of the main attractions of/to stand was the stated adjustability.It turns out that while said adjustments of tilt and height are possible they must be chosen during assembly and can not be changed without dismounting display . As said display weighs 138.9 lbs this is not a trivial undertaking.So you must choose height and tilt angle during assembly and before mounting display.I 'm impressed by quality of most components.Strong and mobile and stable.Poor positioning engineering.Another observation , despit the size and heft of this unit , in truth your display ends up being supported by 4 , rather small , sheet metal `` screws '' . I consider them to be just adequate . They will not stand up to repeated mounting/dismounting . I could find no better product.W
 This is an exceptionally well built stand that works fantastically , is well documented , and has an assortment of accessories should you need them.Most likely the nicest `` simple '' rolling stand you can purchase.Karl P
 We 've been using this product for a few weeks . Heavy metal , sturdy and stable with 60 '' flat panel . I would only like one addition - a horizontal bar or tube bolted to the upright across the back with a handle at each end to help guide the TV when moving it . Now you have to `` steer '' around corners using the monitor itself . Otherwise a fine product .
 We are using this cart with a 55 '' Sony television for jury trial work in felony cases . Very stable , professional-looking , solid , and easy to move . Highly recommended .
 I bought this for a second TV that could be rolled around the house for video games or guests.It 's definitely solidly built as many of the other people reported . The main complaint is almost everything that 's load bearing in this thing is locked in with relatively thick hex screws except in one area . The flat black panel that goes across is secured to the stand via four of the the smallest screws they include . They 're screwed in perpendicular to the plane of that panel so there 's more of a shearing force on the screws which is better , but still I feel considering how the rest of this thing is built like a tank , I would have liked similarly substantial screws/bolts in this area . They 're not necessarily tiny - we 're talking a diameter roughly between 2 to 3mm . Also , to vertically re-position the back panel up or down , you need to undo those smaller screws previously mentioned to get to the screws that secure the panel to the center pole . This means you have to remove the TV , undo those small screws , remove the metal panel , then loosen the anchoring screws to move the mounting point up and down , then put it all back together again.Aside from those issues , it 's definitely well built and it definitely looks nice .
 Peerless customer service is exceptional when a piece of this stand was bent in shipping . Customer service immediately sent a new piece and I was able to assemble the entire stand without problem . Its excellent for a loft space , so I can roll the TV close to my desk or close to our L-shaped couch . Just need a big burly guy to help me attach the TV and lift it to the stand - too bad Peerless is n't nearby for that too ! I would highly recommend this product and the company , Peerless , and will buy again from them . Thanks !
 This product is sturdy and well made but is much larger than I expected , particularly at the legs . It does the job and I love the height , but it is n't beautiful in my bedroom . I wish there could be a similar product that is more attractive . The wheels move well and it is the perfect height for watching TV in bed without straining your neck . I could have put the TV on my wall , but I like that it can be turned to face other areas of the room and can be moved to a sick child 's room for DVD 's .
 I purchased this cart for a television in our library . I had teenagers put it together , but it looked easy for them to do . The TV looks great on it and it seems really sturdy . It 's also really easy to move it if we need to , or the wheels lock in place if needed to be stationary . I have a kinect mounted on the tv and the kids love to come in after school and play video games and it is the perfect height for kinect gaming . Thanks Peerless for a great cart ! I am going to buy another one because it is just what we were looking for !
 The Peerless Univiersal rolling was so easy to set up and excellent product . . it looks great in our conference room and easy to move around the office .
 Set up in exercise area . It carries a 33 '' HDTV and the cable box . The system hides the cables going from cable box to TV . It rolls effortlessly . Very Sturdy construction . No threat of being ` Top Heavy ' . I believe I could easily adapt a 42 '' or larger TV .
 Purchased two Peerless universal rolling carts for 40 '' televisions . Will use these primarily for trade shows . Was very impressed with the workmanship . Pretty easy to assemble . We removed the bottom for transport and reassembly was easy . When not used for trade shows we will use them in our office to display product demos , etc. . Very happy with this purchase .
 Was easy to put together . Looks very professional and solid product.Was strange how many extra screws we had left over but we followed the instructions and works great .
 We purchased 2 of these for our church , along with -LRB- 2 -RRB- 46 '' tv 's , -LRB- 2 -RRB- dvd players , and the extra shelf for placing a laptop on . These will allow us to move the tv 's around with ease from classroom to classroom . Very happy with these.They are very stylish . Other stands I found reminded me of the AV carts from high school . This looks like something from this century.Also , these are Made in the USA - imagine that . And free 2 day shipping with Amazon Prime . Makes for a real value .
 Better price than other on-line stores ; substantial product ; need two to carry and install , but it needs to be for the big TVs . Very satisfied , especially with ease of shopping and quick delivery .
 This TV/Stand Cart is perfect for my needs . I use it with a LCD I like to push from my Living Room to my Outside Deck . Perfect for those clear nights when you want to sit in the hot tub and watch either tv shows or sports . I got it from Amazon for 389.50 and it is woth every penny . It rolls very easy and each wheel has a brake . Assembly was also very easy . I did it myself within an hour . Just follow the instruction and it should go fine . The TV mounts on it very securely and it is by no means top heavy . I am just glad I found this `` Robot '' looking Stand/Cart which fits all my needs . Good job Peerless !!!
 I gave this a five rating because it does exactly what it states it will do and does it well . I have two in use and am quite happy . The only dislike is that it 's more for an office than a home . I use it in my home office and the garage that doubles as a home gym / laundry room . I would recommend this item to anyone who needs a mount that can be moved around .
 This item was beyond my expectations , easy to assemble and I put a 52 '' LCD tv on it and have no problems ! I got the trolley for the LCD tv by my pool and it 's awesome ! Highly recommend to all who want a very durable stand . Worth every penny !
 I was nervous putting a brand new sharp aquous on this stand ... . that being said after building it and getting the tv on I am no longer worried . The stand is very study and works wonderful . Used for going between conference rooms and it looks very professional .
 I like this item alot , using it for a 55 &#34; led tv that we us at my office . Well made and goes together easy with good instructions . The only issue on unit is cost , but you generally get what you pay for . Had to go ahead and spend some additional money to get the 20 foot extension cord for his unit , there again mounts easily and works well .
 Large wheels make it easy to push even on carpet . It is easy to see around . Mounting hardware makes it easy to mount any large screen . I now have ordered three . Very stable and strong .
 I purchased this so that I could move a TV to the outside patio or into the garage when needed . It is very well constructed and comes with a variety of mounting hardware for various applications . It is narrow enough to fit through a standard doorway which is key ! The only suggestion for improvement would be the additional of a handle of some sort so that you are not using the TV to move the entire cart , putting unnecessary strain on the TV mounting points .
 Purchased for a Sharp 70 inch LED/LCD TV and took close to 30 minutes to assemble between 2 people . All parts were labeled adequately and sized corrected . In the end , the thing that took the most time was leveling the TV correctly . The stand works perfectly , rolls smoothly under the weight of the large monitor and is very sturdy under the weight . A perfect match for a 70 inch TV .
 very Solid design , I have a older , heavy 47 '' on it , no issues . I use it to roll TV out of my walk out basement to the patio to watch games outside at night . goes in an out great , I 'd recommend .
 Simply put is an excellent product , it is solid metal painted in black , the instructions are perfect -LRB- excellent fit and finish -RRB- , the assembly was easy , the design is elegant and functional . The wheels are large and move across the floor with ease . The column in the back helps to hide all the wiring . Best of all it was impressive to see it was made in the USA , showing that our nation makes superior products at reasonable prices . Ca n't say enough about this mobile monitor cart from Peerless . There were many similar products out there and it was a tough decision to make but I 'm really happy with our choice .
 I found this product on Amazon for about half the cost of other on-line vendors . It 's a fantastic product . I mounted a 50 '' LED TV on it and it works great . It 's simple to assemble , sturdy , easy to move around and it looks great .
 I needed a television stand on a very short notice and this was really the only choice I had . I was very hesitant because of the price but I had no choice so I purchased it . Wow ! This television stand is awesome ! It is very sturdy and well made . It is very easy to put together . It is a perfect mobile stand and I am very happy with it .
 This keyboard has everything I need . It is not as bulky as some keyboards , which is good , because I like to move my keyboard around , placing it on my lap to type . I tend to drop my keyboard a lot , consequence of all the moving , but this keyboard his heavy-duty , seemingly infinately more solid then most keyboards its size . The extra keys are useful , mostly for controlling Winamp , although the interface could be improved . Best of all , the chrome with black keys is very attractive , matching my black cpu and monitor perfectly . Great keyboard , practically no complaints .
 There is simply no other keyboard in the world that can top the Memorex MX 2750 . Every single thing about this keyboard is absolutely perfect . I 'm not even going to list all the features that kick -LSB- rear -RSB- about it , because the list would be too long . Buy this keyboard NOW !!!
 Most of the FRS radios , that I have used on the job were not as good , or as inexpensive , as this great little FRS radio from southwest bell!It will actually tell you what privacy codes are in use on a particular channel , while scanning.this is a feature that no other FRS radio I have ever seen , has!The size is just right for a body glove FRS radio case -LRB- I recommend the case , to protect the radio -RRB- also available from amazon.com , in the FRS accessories section.Battery consumption is not that bad , and the radio has a built in power save circuit , that actually works.I 've gone for 22 hours on alkalines , and still had a good charge left to use!I think that if you dont want to spend an awful lot of cash , buying a decnt FRS radio , then this is the one for you !
 This adapter should be sold with the tele-converter lens since neither can be used without the other.The adapter is an easy fit to the camera and it , together with the lens , easily swings down and out of the way . Focusing must be done with the LCD .
 I use this adapter with the .8 X wide angle lens designed for the Canon S80 . With this adapter , the lens works perfectly with both the s60 and s70 Canon cameras .
 I was surprise of the good quality of this low price HDTV monitor . I have own one for almost a year and have no problems . The product description by Amazon is accurate.I plan to order another one for a Christmas gift for one of my children .
 My modem is right next to the jack so a 10ft cord makes no sence , bought this 1 footer , and no more clutter , works just like the 10ft did .
 The cable was just what I needed . The length of 1 foot was good . With RJ-11 connectors at each end . Plus the price was good .
 The product is exactly as advertised and works as it should . Shipment was on time with no issues . Each item came in it 's own bag with a twist tie on it .
 I made my choice of the HTsi Plus after a comprehensive search of the various SLR bodies , weighing their features and their reviews in camera magazines . Within its price range , the HTsi principally competes with the Canon EOS Rebel 2000 and the Nikon N60 , both of which are excellent cameras , but which lack the full panoply of features found on the HTsi Plus . For example , the HTsi plus combines Bulb exposure -LRB- the ability to hold the shutter open manually -RRB- , remote shutter control , 1/4000 maximum shutter speed , a full shutter-priority mode , and a well-respected 14-segment light meter . As with the Canon and Nikon , the HTsi 's body is plastic , an aspect about which some photographers express reservations , but the plastic seems extremely durable , and remember that a light camera is a joy to carry -LRB- and if you do not carry the camera , you are never going to get those perfect but fleeting shots -RRB- . The only thing missing on the HTsi is a depth-of-field preview feature , which is available on the Canon . Were it not for that , I would find little future need to upgrade . Regardless , for an amateur just getting into photography again , the HTsi has been perfect.For adaptability , the HTsi has three essential levels of complexity . Use P mode for fully automatic snapshots -- great for when you need someone else to take your picture . Use the Creative Exposure Mode for a bit more customization and to adjust it to one of five situations -LRB- portrait , landscape , close-up , sports , and night -RRB- . Finally , use either the Aperture-Priority , Shutter-Priority , or fully manual modes to bring out the real photographer in you . After all , playing with f-stops and shutter speeds is where the fun of photography is anyway . I admittedly spend most of my time in this last mode , but the flexibility is highly appreciated -LRB- sometimes , one just does not have the time to fuss with dials -RRB- . The results from the HTsi have been fabulous . The flash seems to respond well to the darkest of conditions , and the 28-80 zoom lens offers the flexibility needed for a budding photographer . My only criticism is that the autofocus can be slow to respond in some lighting conditions . So far , I have taken rolls of photos for my organization , and everyone seems impressed with the results . I also bought a set of Tiffen close-up filters for doing macro photography , and the results have been quite stunning.A final word . Amazon offers one of the best deals on the Net with service and peace-of-mind that you simply can not beat . Believe me , I checked . I tried one of those mail order camera stores that advertise ultra low prices . By the time they `` upgraded '' me to what they viewed was an acceptable camera and charged me their exorbitant shipping fee , the price was higher than here . And guess what ? Amazon 's package already had all of those so-called `` upgrades '' -- without the hassle . Thanks Amazon !
 This camera takes wonderful pictures , and is extremely flexible and upgradable . The camera is extremely easy to use which will help those of you just getting started . You can hit the `` P '' button and it 's ready to be used just like a point-and-shoot . However , the camera has the power for full manual focus , aperature , and shutter speed . The camera also has some neat semi-automatic modes to help you trasition into manual exposure settings as a beginer . This camera has everything you could want in this price range and can be upgrade with shutter releases , High Speed Sync Flashes , and many types of manual and automatic lenses . The only problem I have had with this camera is I feel it tends to over-expose things ; however , I have experienced this on a number of modern SLR cameras , and it may just take some getting used to on my part as photography is a relatively small hobby of mine . I highly recomend this camera .
 I purchased a Minolta HTsi Plus camera in October 2000 and have shot an average of two rolls of film per week with this camera since then . I have nothing but praise for this camera . The HTsi Plus has never failed me in any way . I suggest you buy the body only . Do n't spend money on a 28-80 lens that may come in some camera kits ; rather put that money into a lens that gives you much more flexibility , like a 28-200 lens . I use Sigma 28-200 and 70-300 auto focus lenses , and I can report nothing but satisfaction , reliability , and ease of use . I had considered purchasing a more expensive SLR camera , but today I am pleased I did not , for this camera is perfect for me , an experienced but amateur photographer . I have had loads of fun with this camera and taken hundreds of wonderful photos . I recommend the Minolta HTsi Plus without hesitation or qualification .
 This camera has all of the feature one could want . Auto everything to manual everything . Very good for an entry level SLR . Price is n't bad either . Now only if Amazon would carry lenses ...
 This is my first SLR camera ... so I wo n't be able to compare this camera with other SLR camera . But I am able to say that if you were to buy a camera this would be a great choice . The quality of the Picture is much greater than point and shoot . You have more control on how your pictures turn out . The Minolta HTsi plus is easy to use for the basic features , but if you want to use the advance feature ... . reading the manuel is recommended , but do n't worry . -LRB- -RRB- Pros
 When I was first looking for an SLR camera , I found a good deal on a Maxxum 300si . I used the camrea for a few days , and it got me hooked . I was happy with the 300si , but it was missing something , I wanted a camera with more flexibility . So I returned it and started looking around more . I came across the HTsi Plus , and it had all the features I was looking for . The pictures that this camera takes are incredible . I look for reasons to take my camera with me to places so I can take more photos . I do not see how anyone could be dissapointed with this camera . I was at the Indy 500 race this year and took some incredible pictures with this camera .
 So happy we selected the Minolta Maxxum HTsi camera , the instructions make it very easy to use and it is much lighter in weight than we expected . Came on time for our first granddaughter Makenna .
 I 've shot Minolta 35MM SLRs since 1974 -LRB- SRT101 -RRB- . I 've owned this camera for 6 years and it is a workhorse in my camera bag . -LRB- I also own an Olympus 5 Megapixel digital -RRB- . The Minolta consistently delivers consistently higher quality than the olympus , and I love the flexibility of film .
 I went from a point and shoot camera to this one and I love it ! In plain English , I can set the f-stop , set how long the shutter stays open , take two pictures in the same frame , take continuous shots , and exposure bracketing lets me set the meter then it takes three shots
 The HTsi misses the panaroma capability , which is a differentiator with the XTsi . So , in case you are looking for the panorama mode , choose the XTSi . The other features are quite good . The camera handles well .
 This camera for the few weeks and 4 rolls of film outside and inside both gave consistent great results . Indoor pics with flash come out well exposed , sharp and colors are very good at 400 speed fuji film . The lens is sufficient for start easy to handle and autofocus feature is great on it . Different picture modes do work and make difference . At best buy this one comes with a kit that includes a 1a filter which is quite nice also . If you do buy it there get the 4 yr protection plan its well workth it and its only 20 bucks . However i did end up returning it for one reason only - what I tought would be my drive for photography turned out not so so I figure for my purpose 100 bucks point and shoot will do =-RRB- . I am going to buy a point and shoot minolta though this HTSI gave me faith in minolta products .
 First , I will admit my bias . I love this camera . Period . It is chocked full of features , such as a multiple exposure option , that many more expensive cameras do n't offer.My only complaint is that certain bits on the camera body feel cheap.I really wish Minolta had made the camera feel more susbstantial . Better quality materails and the like would have made this camera a 5-star in my book . I personally would have preferred a machined or stamped aluminium case . I have a Braun electric razor that has a stamped aluminium case , and it cost considerably less than this camera . My point ? That little detail , the better quality materails , makes the razor feel like a top-quality item.Let 's face it , the HTsi is not a $ 5,000 camera , but it is a rather good one . If I had it to do over , I would buy it again .
 I am really a person that only needed a camera to just take photos , basicly family photos , then I bought this camera and I am very surprised and happy . In two weeks I 've developed 12 rolls getting full satisfaction due to the high quality photos . It is easy to use and has very functions to become a pro . I know I have a great camera and I am enjoying it a lot . I recommend this camera ... satisfaction guaranteed !
 This camera is the best for me . I am disabled and have trouble with heavy items , see it 's my hands and wrists that are disabled , so this camera REALLY helps ! I have had three other Minoltas and love them . This one helps me because it is lite in weight , and offers both manual and automatic , which is great . Comes with a Zoom 28 - 80 lenz , which is so easy to use ! Do n't be scared to buy this one , it 's a gem !
 Needed low capacity cards for a cheap camera being used in an engineering project . Did the job , cheap , no problemos !
 Needed memory cards for my older digital camera that cant carry a 3g card . I purchased 3x128mb cards and am hoping I can get enough pics without having to download on a trip .
 Sandisk memory card works great . Friend loved it when she seen the photo frame for her mother . Sandisk is a very reliable product to buy .
 Want to let Amazon know how much we appreciated the great service on this order and all other orders.First it was only at Amazon that we found what we were looking for and second the price was right and the service was excellent - Thank You Amazon !!!!
 I needed a smaller card because my camera is older and can not handle a larger card . I wanted to say thank you for having this available as I could not find it in a store .
 Our camera cord was hooked up to our big screen TV when it was stolen . We called Canon to order a new cord and they told us they do n't sell them but Amazon did and he walked me thru Amazon 's web site where I could order the perfect cord I needed . It arrived quickly and hooked it up to the new TV and can once again view our photos taken with our Canon digital camera . Thank you Amazon for caring the cord that Canon does n't carry !
 Handy cable for plugging into the front of your TV for presenting slideshows to family , provided have the standard 3 RCA female input jacks duped in front . This cable includes two RCA male-connectors -LRB- video-in = yel & blk = either audio input -RRB- for mono sound . Plus on other end is a single 90-deg . TS plug for inserting into camera 's jack . Cable total length is about 3-ft . and good quality . Also suggest always go to manufacturer 's site before buying expensive Dig-Cams , etc. , and downloading the PDF user 's manual for `` exact '' model and checking `` What 's included in Box '' before purchasing , to weigh cost of such accessories as this A/V cable . Unfortuantely , you may find that not even a starter SD-card included . But check around your house again before buying universal dupes .
 Works perfectly ... now we get to see our pictures on the big screen ! and the movies are fabulous ! A great way to share your photos with friends and family .
 Item works perfectly . I guess one should expect this since it is the OEM 's replacement part .
 Original Canon cable was still attached to the TV when the TV was stolen . This replacement seems to work fine . It cost much less than an original replacement from Canon . Quality seems okay , but i do not use it much either .
 I always do more then I need to do with the items I purchase , so I just wanted to make sure I had the adapter to be able to connect from camera to my LCD TV .
 Checked a number of local camera shops and net sites before I located the cable required to connect my Canon digital camera to the TV . The OEM was more expensive and would have taken longer to receive . Amazon should have been my first choice .
 I had to order this as a replacement for the one I lost that came with my camera . It works great . The company that sent it , Argent Electronics through Amazon Marketplace , was very fast and the price was reasonable . I would order from them again .
 I bought my camera used so there are so many things that I have to try to piece together in order to use it the way I want to . I was thrilled to find this cable at such a low price ! Since I was paying such a low price for it , I was n't expecting high quality service and delivery . Boy was I wrong ! It was here quicker than promised and was in a protective package . It works perfectly.I 'm definitely a loyal customer now .
 This was my first purchase on Amazon , it went lightening Fassst , beats the hell out of prices on ebay , now I can view photos on my TV before I list them on ebay ! It 's the American way ...
 Its a sleek & compact case in which I like . The camera strap is to be left out , to carry or let it hang . The only storage is for memory . Would have been nice to have a little xtra for batteries & they are great forget about alkalines - these NiMH 's ROCK !
 It was a great purchase a long time a go . I used it for my summer vacations and worked great .
 This accessory kit is a must have if you have a Canon S1IS . The batteries are excellent and the case is of great quality .
 A lot of the reviewers are dissatisfied by some things that are now remedied . Windows Media Connect -LRB- downloadable at the Microsoft web site -RRB- replaces the media server provided by D-Link . It now allows playing of media downloaded from online stores supported by Windows Media Connect -LRB- alas , not I-tunes -RRB- . Play order from ripped CD 's is now maintained . Some minor glitches still remain , but I 'm very satisifed with it .
 I have been looking for something to play jpgs and music through my TV and stereo since I replaced my TIVO with a cable company PVR . This device performs exactly as adverstised , was a breeze to set up and looks good too.The setup took me literally 15 minutes . There are three steps .1 . Install the software on your computer . You can install it on any computer on your network that has photo or music files.The software lets you select the folders on your hard drive that contain the pictures and music . You can always add more folders later .2 . Connect the DSM 320 . I have a Linksys Wireless G network , a Yamaha A/V receiver and a Samsung plasma . Attach the included wireless antenna to the back of the DSM 320 . Run a Video-S cable -LRB- included -RRB- from the back of the DSM 320 to the Video-S port on the back of the TV . Run red/white component cables from the back of the DSM 320 to your receiver . I used the AUX-V connection . Plug in the DSM 320 . Turn it and your TV on .3 . Run the Setup Wizard . This appears on your TV screen . Input is done through the DSM 320 remote . The device immediately found my wireless network SSID . It allows you to enter the WEP key on screen.That is all there was to it . If your TV has been set to 16:9 aspect ratio for HDTV , reset it to 4:3 before viewing photos . You can run a slide show of your photos , scroll through your music , play music while you look at photos.The remote 's power might be a little weak -- or it could have been the way I had the DSM-320 positioned on my TV stand . I had to get a little close and watch my angle when controlling the device . I am going to try to set it up to work with my Logitech Harmony 880 remote.I recommend this device quite highly .
 *** UPDATE - 9/23/04 *** New firmware version was released yesterday -LRB- 1.03 -RRB- , fixing some of the main issues that people like myself have had with this product . It 's still got a long way to go before it 's close to perfect , but this latest firmware -LRB- also server software , by the way -RRB- release is a good sign that it will continue to improve . For specifics on what was fixed , see D-Link 's support site . *** UPDATE - 8/4/04 *** Despite my initial excitment about this device , I 've since grown weary of its shortcomings . Basically , there are waaaaaaay too many of them . Though Amazon wo n't let me change the number of stars I 've given this item , if I could I would drop it to a 3 or possibly a 2 . I 'm still keeping my fingers crossed that many if not all of this product 's shortcoming are addressed with future firmware releases . Until then , this thing is getting only minimal amounts of use , and when it does it just leaves me feeling frustrated.Find more info at - http://p214.ezboard.com/bdsm320[Original Review Follows -RSB- ----------------------------- First off , if you have experience setting up a wireless network , you know that it can be a harrowing experience -LRB- whether or not you work with computers or have a background in networking , which I do -RRB- . Wireless is still a new technology , and lots of companies are still working to get their products working correctly , not to mention getting their techs trained.That being said , the DSM-320 was an absolute breeze to get up and running . I 'm running it against a LinkSys 802.11 g router , SSID brodcast disabled , 128 bit WEP , and DHCP . * WOW * ~ it grabbed on IP adress and I was off and running on the first try . That 's definitely a first -LRB- including with other D-Link products I 've previously tried and returned -RRB- . As far as the unit itself , you need to keep a couple things in mind if you 're considering purchasing one . Mainly and most importantly , this is D-Link 's first foray into this product category , and this unit has only been available for a couple months -LRB- mine was backordered for 1.5 months -RRB- . One of the key selling points for me was free firmware updates . In fact , when I got mine fired up , it immediately queried D-Link 's site , found a new firmware version -LRB- 1.01 -RRB- and asked me if it should download and install it . It took about two minutes to get the new firmware in place . You can disable auto-update if you want to -LRB- but you do n't , read on ... -RRB- . The current firmware for the DSM-320 is lacking many ` features ' , to say the least . BUT , these features will be addressed in future firmware releases -LRB- the next major one in July ' 04 -RRB- . You can find lots of disucssion of this product -LRB- as well as some posts by a D-Link Tech -RRB- at broadbandreports.com . Grievences that folks have with this device are listed ad nauseum over there , but I 'll list a couple main ones here :1 . Songs must be properly ID3 tagged in order for song info to be displayed -LRB- though this is common these days , as with iTunes , so not a big deal -RRB- . Previous reviewer said player would n't display his song info ... this is why .2 . You have to force the software on your PC -LRB- from your PC -RRB- to rescan folders after adding new media to them in order for it to be `` seen '' by the media player -LRB- this is to be fixed in a future software update -RRB- 3 . You must create songlists -LRB- i.e. m3u -RRB- in order to play a whole album or to skip from one song to the next . This is * ridiculous * , of course , but is rumoured to be addressed in July 's firmware release .4 . Online content -LRB- ie internet radio -RRB- is limited to AOL . You get a free trial through the end of August . I personally hate all things AOL -LRB- because of all the mailings ... STOP ! -RRB- , but it looks to me like D-Link left itself the option to add more online content with future releases -LRB- at least based on how the menus are laid out -RRB- .5 . FF and RW do n't work for music . Again , ridiculous ~ but will be addressed with next firmware release .6 . Remote is a little touchy . Some users have reported really poor performance . Make *** SURE *** to remove the protective plastic sticker which is placed over the unit 's display when it 's shipped ! This of course made a huge difference once I discovered it ... and some of what I do like about the device :1 . Setup was a breeze2 . Digital outs for audio -LRB- optical or coax -RRB- 3 . Component and S-Video outs for video4 . Nice design5 . Simple server software -LRB- incidentally , upgrades to come here , as well -RRB- 6 . So far , audio playback has been perfect -LRB- have n't tried vid yet -RRB- 7 . Browsing photos and setting up/viewing slide shows is a breeze8 . This is the first device of this type -LRB- DMR - `` Digital Media Receiver '' -RRB- that I 've owned , so the `` Wow , Cool ! '' factor is pretty high . Finally , access to my 30 gigs of mp3s on my home theater system!Bottom line ? The outstanding issues with this device are all fixable via firmware/software releases -LRB- which D-Link is known for being good with -RRB- . If you do n't mind the fact that you 'll have to work around a few issues while waiting for this thing to get closer to `` perfect '' , then by all means buy one , I 'm certainly happy with mine ! The price is great compared to similar units on the market -LRB- esp . ones that offer the same level of media formats and output options -RRB- . If you 're waiting for a DMR that does n't have issues , keep waiting ~ it 's going to be a while . As I said , this is new technology and some speedbumps are to be expected . For this price though -LRB- got mine shipped for one hundred fifty five bones -RRB- I wo n't mind buying another one a couple of years -LRB- and technology generations -RRB- down the road . But for now ? ... this device leaves me with a nice warm fuzzy feeling and eagerly anticipating future improvements .
 We turned our porch into a 4-season sunroom/TV room a year ago . In addition to wiring it with coax , I ran a few ethernet cables in as well just have them . When we were done , we had the perfect place to watch TV on our new 42 '' plasma . But the ethernet wiring was just sitting there and it began to naw on me . Then I discovered these media devices and my blood went up.I picked the D-Link because all the devices get iffy reviews and it was the low-cost item . I figured that at that low price I could afford to take a flier.Now for the product comments
 Ten minutes from box to video and music , and that 's with wireless and 128-bit encryption enabled . I ca n't imagine how there can be so much installation trouble.I connected the unit to my AV receiver using S-video and component audio and powered it up . A few thumb clicks through the menus and it was looking for servers . A jog upstairs to the PC and I dropped in the disk . Two minutes and I had it configured for my large collection of MPEG-2 video and MP3 audio . Another jog down the stairs and I had it streaming in another minute . Video and audio both working great.The only reason I wo n't give it a 5 star rating is because I have n't tried anything but the most basic functionality . For me though , it 's achieved enough to justify the price with just that .
 Okay , I 'm not a geek and I 'm not a Music Purist , but I had already set up my own 802.11 g WiFi network . I have a few significant problems with this unit , more on that in a minute . BUT it does what I wanted -- make it possible for me to listen to my thousands of ripped songs on my real stereo system.The fact that it uses WEP and not WPA meant I had to go back and reconfigure my WiFi security setup , which took the most time -LRB- and had me tearing my hair out -RRB- . Annoying as all get out , and since this device comes from a wireless gear vendor you 'd think they 'd have done the right thing here . And yes the remote is quite dreadful . But once I figured out how to save all my WMP playlists in a format that the device understood , things worked pretty well .
 This is a good little machine to play your digital media on . My wife just did not see the sense in buying a whole new computer for a media server so this was our middle ground . Now that we have it , she loves it . We have every CD in the house burned into MP3s and WMAs and now she can boom them over the home stereo . I do have one piece of advice about this though . Get Windows Media connect and run it instead of the media server that comes with it . The the windows server the browsing is faster and you can use your Window Media Player playlist -LRB- otherwise you have to set up play list through the player itself , very painful if you have alot of files -RRB- . You can also play sercure WMAs using the windows media connect .
 I have had my DLink for over a month now . I have enjoyed it and it has passed the wife test . She can just turn the box on and find a video and she is on her way . We listen to music on both the online media and music from my network . Now you know how fun it can be here is the rest of the story .1 . Do not use the wireless . First of all the 2.4 GHz frequency is so over used it is a wonder that any of the equipment runs at all . I have plugged mine direct into my switch .2 . Upgrade the firmware ASAP . This is easy and painless .3 . Be sure you have a stable back end box . I have a dedicated box as I found that if you push the box to hard the content does not arrive at the DLink very well . Is this the fault of DLink , I do not think so but it really was not a big deal for me to build a box but it may be a pain for those not able to do so4 . The media connection software is not the best as anytime you have a new file dumped in the folders it is watching the folder has to be refreshed . You can schedule it but I have found that if you a lot of content the media server become unavailable to the DLink . I got around this by a script .5 . It does not play AVI which is a pain but it is a quirk I have gotten use to . I just convert all the files to mpeg .6 . I enjoy the online media but you need to subscribe to three of the four offered and live365 is not the best . It would be nice if you could listen to any Window media play or Real played enable radio station .7 . It can and does lock up . It has happened twice as my son turned it on then off then on in a short amount of time and it just froze.All these things said it has been a blast . My media connect server is also my PVR so I just have all files copied to my NAS server which and the media connect server pulls from it . I did not want to thrash my hard drive . Anyway it does need improvement but I people like me did not buy these boxes and send feedback to the vendor the products will not get to the point that the people below will not have anything to complain about . If you are technically inclined and are use to technology not being perfect then I would recommend you purchase this item .
 This is the second D-Link media player that I have bought . I use one upstairs and one downstairs so I have my whole collection available throughout the house.Yep . . some of the controls are not perfect as others have mentioned ... there is no FF/RW like that on a typical CD/DVD player , but it rather `` jumps '' forward or backward without any monitoring of the audio . If you shift away from the audio player , there is no way to get back to the `` now playing '' screen , but you can hit the display button and it will overlay the screen with some of the information.One thing to remember when looking at other products that seem to do the same thing is that this one is the only one that displays to your TV . All of the others have small scrolling screens built into the media player -LRB- ie ... ROKU Soundbridge ... etc. . . -RRB- Ever try reading one of these from across the room ? Good luck ! These units are also considerable more expensive.One hint
 I 've playing around with this player for a few days and found it works actually pretty well if you set up everything right . So I would like to share my experience with others.My wireless setup includes Buffalo router and two high gain antennas -LRB- one on router and the other on the player -RRB- . The router is in the room upstairs and the player is in the family room downstairs . This setup gives me 56 percent strength . Not that great , but does not seem has any effect on the video playing.The first thing I did is to upgrade the firmware to version 1.09 . I use Tversity and Twonky server instead of its own server , as other posters recommended . I 've also installed all the codecs necessary -LRB- easily found on tversity 's website -RRB- . I use this player primarily for playing animation movies in rmvb format for my kid . It did good job to transcode the video on the fly . The xivid/divx support is good -LRB- my tv is not high definition , so I can not comment its performance on those tv 's -RRB- and no stutters at all . I have n't tried the photo and audio function since I have SMC EZ-Stream music adapter to stream the audio.My only complaint is that although Tversity does support more formats than twonky -LRB- sometimes twonky can not see many files -RRB- , it does not support fast forward very well -LRB- it is often a hit or miss -RRB- . The DSM server and twonky support fast forward better . I have n't found a way to make the internet video to work with tversity . Maybe someone can share his/her know-how about this function . I 'd love to see some tips.Overall , my goal has been achieved
 I have tried Netgear , Linksys and Roku . They all went back to store.But the DSM320 , for me , is a keeper.The server software is decent . Not fancy . No database features . Just point it to the directories you want accessed by the receiver and it scans in the information -LRB- not the data -RRB- to access the media.It does video , audio , photos , and streams Radio365 and the wonderful Radio@aol . It does the latter without the computer , so you can listen to online music with the computer turned off , using just the router and internet connection -LRB- broadband -RRB- . The unit has it 's negative moments , but nothing like the other brands , which are pretty rank.You need a POWERFUL computer to view video . My 550mhz PIII wo n't do it . My AMD XP2000 + does a great job on public domain black and white movies I download legally from the net . High bitrate movies have some jerkiness on my system . The 550PIII does ok with audio and photos.You can start up some music and then setup a slideshow with your photos . Nice.The unit has no display , it uses your TV for display.Goto Dlink 's website and check it out.Amazon 's price is very reasonable.The unit can be used wirelessly or with a direct ethernet connection.I am very happy with my unit . Recommended .
 Although this device does leave a bit to be desired it shines when it comes to playing your media on the big screen.First of all this was very easy to setup and get working.Just plug it into your network via Ethernet cable and TV and go through the setup wizard . Then on the PC running the media server software just point to the folders/directories you want to share with the media player.I was able to hear my songs great with no hiccups . Same with video , although I did get some files that ca n't play . But from what I 've read D-Link will be providing automatic upgrades to add the new codecs in so the player can read all files.I also love the Internet radio feature . I can read my napster files on my PC , plus stream AOL radio . AOL radio works great and I 've only incountered a couple of hiccups , but I later learned it was because my kids were downloading some big files or something.Overall this is a nice piece of equipment that works well with what it needs to do . Plus it is priced so much better than all other network media players that can play video . Very nice !
 After reading tons of review of D-Link DSM-320 mostly negative ones , I was hesitant at first to buy this product ... not that I had not come across a few four stars . I decided to try it anyways today.Installation was a breeze ... took me about 7 minutes -LRB- and yes ... timed it !! -RRB- . I have 128-bit WEP-enabled my router ... so it was just the matter of punching in the the security key.The only thing i miss is the photo slide show random transitions ... would have been great Otherwise ... its a great product ... works flawless for me .
 Works like a champ ! Accesses files you have stored on your computer and plays them on your TV . This particular gadget does not convert your TV into a PC monitor .
 I was n't sure about this unit after reading reviews , but it seemed like the best deal for a wireless media bridge.It works great!I ripped my CDs the harddrive as well as photos.The menus on the unit are easy . I pick my albums and let it go!Encoding to WMA sounded just as good as a MP3 at 320k ! The remote works from across the room , nothing buggy with that either.Enjoy !
 Below I describe a few UPnP compliant software applications that enable you to make much better use of the DSM-320 . Without these applications , I would describe the DSM-320 as a good product . With these applications , I would describe it as a great product . Sorry if this review is a little technical , but I want to get this information out there . It took me some time to figure it out.The DSM-320 comes with software called a `` media server '' that runs on your PC and serves music , pictures , and video to the unit over your home network . Because the DSM-320 is UPnP compliant , it is compatible with any UPnP media server . Twonkyvision and TVersity make media servers that are superior to the media server that comes with the DSM-320 . Twonkyvision -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- enables you to stream music from the Internet -LRB- you do this by adding Shoutcast or . m3u streams as playlists to the media server -RRB- , and it also works with the Cidero media controller -LRB- see next paragraph -RRB- . TVersity -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- allows you to stream music over the internet and watch internet TV , but at the time of writing does not work with the Cidero media controller . The Twonkyvision music server is a free download , and the full media server -LRB- for music , pictures , and video -RRB- is $ 10 - $ 20 . The TVersity media server is a free download.Another really cool UPnP compliant PC application that works with the DSM-320 is the Cidero media controller -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . This is a freeware Java program that allows you to control the DSM-320 from your PC . With it , for example , you can queue up any number of mp3 songs on your computer , or choose Shoutcast radio stations , and play , pause , stop , and shuffle them from your PC . I prefer controlling the DSM-320 this way as opposed to the television based GUI , because then I do n't have to have the television on . -LSB- A few notes on using the Cidero media controller with the DSM-320 . First , be careful with the volume control . Cidero will let you turn it up louder than it should go , and hence cause the DSM-320 to distort sound at high volume levels . I therefore always turn the DSM-320 volume to the max from the television GUI , and then never touch it from Cidero . Second , there are some quirks about controlling image playback from Cidero . The Cidero website describes a workaround , but if I 'm going to watch images on the DSM-320 , I already have the television on , and so I just use the regular television GUI -RRB- . In short , I have a DSM-320 that is connected to my A/V receiver , and I always leave the units on . I also run the Twonkyvision music server with the Cidero controller on my laptop , and I always leave the laptop on . This enables me to play Internet radio and my giant PC mp3 collection on my home stereo , any time I want , and control it all from my laptop . Pretty darn cool , and IMHO , definitely worth the price of the DSM-320 .
 This thing requires running a media server software on one 's PC . The choice of this software is crucial since with most of them , including the software it ships with , it is a very limited device . However there is a media server that makes this box very versatile and much more useful , it can be found at http://www.tversity.comThe DLink Media Server software ships with this device and when used you end up not being able to play WMV , or ipod AAC files . Also high bitrate MP3 files wo n't play . The online content that comes with it is very limited and pretty much useless.The TVersity Media Server adds support for WMV playback as well as ipod AAC , high bitrate mp3 and many many more formats . It also makes it possible to play virtually any online content and it comes with the ability to play all the movie trailers from ifilm on your TV as well as Radio and TV stations from around the world . Very cool stuff !
 After a couple of days of no luck with the shipped software , I started reading deeper into these reviews and took the advice of those using TVersity . Within a few minutes of installing and configuring it , I had a perfectly functioning media player!The shipped software would see the server , but within seconds of clicking a file , would say ` server not found ' . TVersity has yet to drop my connection.Recommendation
 Great product that worked out of the box . I 'll explain ... This is EXACTLY the product I needed . I have an ATI TV Tuner Card installed on my computer and over time have created a large collection of my favorite TV shows in mpeg format . I have the choice of sitting at my desk chair and watching these shows , or burning them to a DVD , then taking the DVD to the den and viewing the DVD on the large screen TV . No more `` sneaker '' net for me.I chose the DSM-320 after pricing a brand new Windows Media Center computer with all the bells and whistles , and after pricing the separate hardware to build my own Windows Media Center computer . In both cases , the price difference is huge . Do n't forget you would also have that new computer box in your den sitting next to everything else . Then I 'd have to work out all the different detailed settings for the various video formats and sizes to view them correctly on my big screen tv , I have read many advice columns on this and did n't feel I would be up to this particular challenge after spending so much on a new PC.With the DSM-320 I can watch any of my recorded television shows stored on my pc , listen to all of my own music stored on my pc , and view my great family and vacation photos stored on my computer , AND I can also easily access Internet Only Video , Music and Photos . Some for free , some for fee . It 's truly EOD -LRB- Entertainment on Demand -RRB- . I am a computer consultant by trade and very familiar with networks , but I did n't have to be an expert to install the DSM-320 . Here 's what I did , and why ... Prior to its arrival I ran a new CAT5 cable from my dlink wireless router to my den where I planned to locate the DSM-320 . I chose to use CAT5 cable rather than wireless because of the great distance between my wireless router and TV . A wired connection would provide a much higher speed and more reliable and consistent signal for streaming video , my main reason for purchasing the DSM-320 . Also prior to its arrival I read all these Amazon reviews and learned about the Media Server software , TVersity . It 's a free Media Server Software that runs on your PC , RATHER than the Media Server software that ships with the DSM-320 . I had already downloaded and installed the TVersity Media Server on my Windows-based computer . This software is incredble and streams to Sony Playstations , phones and all kinds of gadgets.The UPS man arrived at 2:10 pm and I was watching my shows on the DSM-320 by 2:30 . I am not exaggerating . I started the TVersity Media Server software on my computer , and opened the shipping box . For Video out of the DSM-320 I used the S-Video cable included and attached it directly to one of the available S-Video ports on my TV , the red and white -LRB- left and right -RRB- audio cable -LRB- included -RRB- was attached from the audio out on the DSM-320 to the audio in on the back of my amplifier . I plugged in the Network Cable to the LAN port on the back of the DSM-320 to the available Network Port on my router . I powered on the DSM-320 , it began with a Wizard . It automatically and correctly identified my home network during setup , then it automatically and correctly identified the TVersity Media Server software running on my computer . I was done . I browsed through the simple DSM-320 interface with the remote , located an episode of `` King of the Hill '' and enjoyed an entire show , streaming beautifully , no pauses or delays or jitters . I personally did n't even have to alter my Norton Internet Security or Anti-Virus settings , as the dlink suggested.After watching the show I powered down the DSM-320 , when I powered it back on , it asked if I wanted to check for a firmware upgrade . Having read various other reviews I knew this had been recommended , so I chose yes and the DSM-320 connected to the Internet , downloaded and installed the firmware all by itself . I think it may have prompted me to restart the DSM-320 once complete.This is the absolute COOLEST device EVER ... Not only because of what it is SUPPOSED to do , but because of what it DOES . It works exactly the way t is suppose to . I would , without hesitation , recommend the DSM-320 to any friend or family member . I have n't figured out the `` jump '' , `` search '' or fast-forward options yet , but I can live with that for now ; everything else works perfect . If I had known it would work so well and be so easy to setup , I would have purchased the slightly more expensive High Definition Version of the DSM -LRB- maybe it 's the DSM-520 -RRB- .
 I first had this media player from D-Link a month or so ago . I 've seen , I believe , two firmware upgrades and they both solved some small things , and I heard there is a big one coming soon . So updates will always be made to this media player with very little interaction by you , the user . Basically it updates automatically , you just say Yes , as long as it is connected to the Internet . Which you usually have setup by default because you want the Radio@AOL features right?I really enjoy the features and abilities of this device . Surround sound , Component video , S-Video , networkable , plays digital music , video , photos , etc. . It looks nice in my entertainment center , has a cool remote , and it works.Well with most features it does . At least all the important ones.I 'd get it if I did n't have it even with the knowledge I have now , just because it will be upgraded . I 've bought several networking products through out the years from D-Link and they seem to get better and better with product updates and firmware fixes . This product still gets 5 stars from me , because of who makes it and what it can do .
 Although it only took about 5 minutes to get the device on my network -LRB- it 's a bit fiddly entering a 128-bit WEP key using the remote ! -RRB- I then struggled for a couple of hours trying to get it to see my computer . After resetting the unit a couple of times , downloading the latest firmware and re-installing the server software on my PC , I resorted to a Google search and came across some references to Microsoft Windows Media Connect , which also mentioned the DSM-320 . I downloaded version 2.0 from the Microsoft website , upon which my PC detected the DSM-320 and asked which folders I wanted to make available . Seconds later , I was streaming content to my stereo downstairs without any problems whatsoever.My advice ? If you 're running Windows XP with Service Pack 2 , do n't waste your time with the D-Link software supplied in the box but go straight for Microsoft Windows Media Connect . The DSM-320 appears to be a well built , well specified product for a reasonable price .
 First off , I love this thing . I 'm a huge fan of the concept and the execution for the price point here is awesome . I 'm impressed with the form factor and appreciate that the device itself fits in my media cabinet and , unlike other devices of the kind , it actually looks like a media component . I wish DirectTV and Tivo would realize that basic nicety . The flexibility of outputs for video and audio signals is awesome , if not a little over-kill for current application of a product like this . My only hardware complaint is that the remote control seems to need a very direct line of sight to the device . My other media remote controls work great when pointed toward the general vicinity of my media cabinet but this one wo n't work unless it 's pointed directly at the dsm-320 device . ... and I mean it has to be pointed exactly right . kind of a pain.Anyone buying this unit should think back and remember what it means to buy a first-generation technology . Think , early HD , DVD burner , CD burning , etc. . My point is , yes it does cool stuff , but it requires tweaking and it 's a bit fussy . That is what you are getting into here . But do n't let that stop you - this is a pretty evolved first gen application of this concept.The set-up was very easy in my experience . I set it set up on my wireless network using 128bit WEP and it works just fine for most things . The basic functions worked okay out of the box with the device and the D-Link media server software . But , hey ... who wants just an okay experience.I found the D-Link software to be fairly limited and a bit slow for my taste . That is compared to the other software options . Yes , there are other software options ... read up on the Amazon reviews ; there are 3rd party software options that support the DSM-320 that work much better than the D-Link software . I 've tried 3 others
 Opened the box , ten minutes later I 'm streaming MP3 through my stereo . I got the hang of the controller and the TV interface before reading the manual supplied in pdf form . Shame I ca n't easily get back to the screen showing the currently playing track once I have navigated elsewhere . Otherwise , I 'm delighted . If you are unsure , have a sensibly installed , modern wireless router then buy this , it 's so cheap , what 's the gamble ?
 I was in awe at how easy this was to setup . Overall it was a very simple procedure and did n't even take long at all . I almost enjoyed setting it up . Or maybe that was inner nerd congradulating myself on successfully setting up such a device so quickly . hehe.Anyhow , my daily use of this device is pretty much just Internet radio , but I do on accassion look at pictures , play some of my own MP3s , and rarely watch movies . That 's what DVDs are for . And for getting this much use out of it I really enjoy how easy it is to use . I just pick up the remote click around a few menus and select a channel of music to listen to . Then when I get bored of that station , the next station is just a few remote clicks away . Very simple.I am overly pleased with this device and feel that it does its job very well . I would recommend to other casual media users . The cost is a definite plus as well .
 The best Multimedia yet . It 's great I did n't use the wireless since I have cat-5 by my TV for the xbox . It 's great and works great with Window 's Media Connect . Been getting better with each release of firmware .
 I have to say that the best thing I did to make this work the way I want is to upgrade the firmware . This device is supposed to stay up to date by itself , but the first day I plugged it in there was no notice to upgrade the firmware . It was n't until I was somewhat dissapointed in the product and tuned it off for the night did I remember that it should have an upgraded firmware . So in the morning when I booted it up , it told me there is a new fimrware available and I clicked OK and it upgraded itself.THEN . . I was able to get everything working correctly . I could fast forward through videos , I could shuffle songs in folders , etc.Overall I have to say that this product is a wonder product . I never thought I 'd see the day when I got to play my movies from my PC onto my entertainment center so easily . I have so many small videos on my PC that I 'd like to see full screen , but are just to pixelated when full screen on my 19 inch monitor . But that same video looks much better on my 27 inch TV . It 's because of the resolution . I greatly enjoy the radio streams , and playlist features , plus I ca n't get enough of watching my pictures in slideshow mode . : -RRB-
 I originally wanted a simple MP3 streamer like the Netgear MP101 , but received the DSM-320 as a birthday gift . I do n't keep many movies or pictures on my PC as I 'm not an avid home video maker and my wife prints all relevent pictures for scrap booking . As solely an MP3 streamer this piece of hardware works excellent . I have it setup on an 11g 128bit WEP signal , using a dynamic IP address and only experience a very minor skip or two every so often , not enough to be a burden or to be even noticed sometimes . When I got married , my wife and I had a combined 500 CD collection not including the doubles , so once I ripped and organized all of our music , I organized everything into genre playlists for my different moods or when we 're entertaining guests . I do have some gripes . . .1 . -RRB- you have to force a refresh of any shared directory in the server software if you want the player to see new files or added files .2 . -RRB- directory browsing is agonizingly slow at times , especially through a 128bit encrypted signal . I patched it directly to my network , which improved browsing performance quite a bit . i spent enough time hiding all of my speaker wire and i have no interest in running and trying to hide a 50 foot CAT 5 running from my den to the family room .3 . -RRB- a front panel display would have been nice , much like the Netgear MP101 , but you cant have it all . Turning on the TV everytime i want to navigate can be annoying at times.This kind of hardware can be very usefull in many aspects , especially in a Home Entertainment system . I considered a high volume CD changer before the inception of this kind of technology . Now that I own the DSM-320 , entertaining guests with some tunes or relaxing on the couch to some smooth beats is easy especially if you have a vast audio library .
 First , let me say that the entire field of `` Networked Media Devices '' can be grouped in the `` Not Ready for Prime Time '' as people often indicate , but IMHO , this one is the best out there . I 've returned a Hauppauge MVP and a Prismiq because they were just too unreliable . The DLINK works consistantly . Power it up , it finds the network , finds the server , and works everytime . I 've had no network problems , meaning that it streams my previously recorded video files -LRB- recorded using a Hauppage WinTV PVR USB2 -RRB- with no problems . Sure , there is the lack of DivX support , but that may change with future Firmware upgrades . The AOLRadio options is excellent -LRB- if you already have an AOL account -RRB- . If you do not have an AOL account , simply build an internet-based radio station playlist in WinAmp . The user interface is very simplistic -LRB- even a little unimpressive for my taste -RRB- and `` wife-friendly '' -LRB- as mine is not very technical -RRB- . I will keep this one and will remain hopefully optimistic that DLink will provide continued support and development to improve the interface and file support . Oh , one last thing , the remote control only functions in a `` straight line of site '' fashion .
 My wife fell in love with this thing instantly . It was purchased for our daughter , so that she would be able to watch her shows that we had recorded , there are more than a few . After the first week my wife wanted to throw the thing out the window ! It would lock up on her constantly , or show jerky video , all things that had been mentioned by previous reviewers . However , I discovered that I was using an older wireless g router that was just barely able to keep up with the transmission / reception demands required by this player to work well . I upgraded my router to a trendnet TEW-633GR -LRB- I was also waffling on the idea of a D-Link DIR-633 -RRB- . I chose such a powerful little router specifically to be able to handle multiple heavy load requests from either the player or from my other computers . Since the successful installation of my router I have had nothing but constant and consistant play on this machine.Pros
 I was a little worried after some of these reviews but was really surprised how well it worked for what I wanted . I have avi files on my computer that I wanted to play on my TV and have the best picture and sound . This thing works great . I am using S-Video connection and a dolby digital sound connection . I am using it wirelessly now which works well enuff but am soon going to make it a wired connection for the best possible video . Wireless G just does n't have enuff bandwidth for a super smooth playback . Oh do n't get me wrong it looks well enuff but in some high speed video you can tell it just ca n't keep up . And I am only about 20 feet from my router . This thing was very easy to setup . I am using Tversity on my computer and after a few easy questions on the DSM I was up and running . I would say all the conenctions and setup took me well under a hour and I was off and watching videos . Now for picture or mp3 playback it works ok but if that is your primary motive you may want to look elsewhere . But if you want to watch you AVI movies from your computer this thing works great for the price!I think people having jerky video playback the problem is either the wireless connection -LRB- not a good enuff signal - EXAMPLE If you are more than 20 ft from router -RRB- or if that is n't the case it could be your computer is under power and causing your sync issues . I run a AMD 3200 Barton . Not that new but not super slow either . It could be your media server software too . Try TVersity . Works great for me .
 After reading many reviews I decided that for the price this was going to suit my needs.Hopefully I can dispell some of the complaints :1 . There was a lot of skipping and pausing when I got this going -LRB- which took about 5 minutes with WEP -RRB- ... so much that I ordered a wireless repeater ... BUT ... after the automatic firmware upgrade -LRB- turn off and on after network is configured -RRB- the skipping has completely gone !!!!! I will be sending back the repeater .2 . The remote is a cheap piece of ... I have a harmony which solved this problem pretty easily -LRB- the DSM-320 is in the harmony database already -RRB- 3 . Do n't even try the supplied software . It does to your PC what I-Tunes does on windows ... makes it run slow . For Windows XP SP2 users just use Windows Media Player 11 . Easy to setup for sharing and the playlists created are supported with the latest firmware .4 . This unit is not designed to be a replacement for your computer software where creating playlists are concerned . Just do it on your PC !!!! You can not expect a remote driven unit to match the ease of use of a full keyboard.In summary I have no complaints about this unit at all . For the price you really ca n't go wrong . But if you insist on paying over $ 300 ... go ahead ... ignore me . BTW ... I also got $ 50 mail in rebate from D-Link ... bonus !!
 I wo n't add to what is already in the other reviews other than this unit has been able to play every . avi that I have thrown at it so far . Seems that they have added a good number of codecs via the firmware upgrades . -LRB- Mine came with version 1.07 installed . -RRB- There was one installation glitch that would be troublesome to the less network savvy . You ca n't seem to enter the SSID of your network manually , in spite of an option to do so . The on-screen keyboard would not appear . I had to change my router settings to broadcast the SSID before it was detected . Fortunately , that wo n't compromise your network security if it is also set for WEP encryption.The rest was no problem .
 From the other reviews written here , I thought it would take me days to set this up . After all , it took me forever to set up my wireless network at home to see my laptop computer . I almost did not buy this product because of all of the dire reviews it got . DO NOT LISTEN TO THEM !!! I got this working on the first try , just by selecting my security settings -LRB- WPA-PSK -LSB- TKIP -RSB- -RRB- and entering my passphrase -LRB- this will display in your router settings -RRB- . If you have not set up a network ever before , you may have some difficulty , especially if you want to set up a secure network . I use a NetGear Rangemax router instead of D-link , maybe the problems the other users were having was because of their routers and computer hardware.As far as useability , it does display the files in alphebetical order , but it does let you play by album , artist , etc , and it has a wonderful shuffle feature . I also did n't think the remote was too bad , it worked as it should . Do n't let the negative reviews here disuade you from purchasing this product.Overall , this is a good product for a good price . Surprisingly easy to set up , I had it going in about 15 minutes . -LRB- this review refers to the DSM-520 model , which may be an upgrade from the model discussed in the other reviews -RRB-
 D-Link DSM-320 Wireless Media Player , Audio/Photo/Video , 802.11 gI was nervous before buying this product because some of the reviews said it was difficult to set up . I TOTALLY DO NOT AGREE . This literally took me 15 minutes , at most , to get it installed and set up to start listening to some music and watching some pictures . I love that it is wireless and being able to listen to my PC music through the stereo is excellent . I did not give it 5 stars because I just received it yesterday and used it for maybe 2 hours . I am very pleased so far ...
 This product is a good choice for a reasonable price . My cons for this product are
 I have this unit for almost a week and paid $ 120 for it after rebate . . I tried to use the other media servers but end up using the D-link Media server , it works verr well once you upgrade to the latest version.I have the unit wired directly to my linksys wireless router . It basically perform the way it was advertise EXCEPT EXCEPT EXCEPT it CA N't display chinese characters . I have about 2000 + chinese title songs and all i got are ???????? on the tile ... Call D-link tech support and they said their database does n't have information to address this issue . MY work around on these songs for now is to create the playlist per artist name . I hope D-link next firm ware upgrade will address this problem , otherwise they should forget to have a chance to sale this unit in the SE and South Asia Regions ... . If they fix problem , I will give them a five stars rating . I hope the D-line marketing folks will read this message ...
 Excellent wireless media player , second time to buy this same model for my house , very easy to setup and very good audio/video play back , strongly recommended for home entertainment lovers .
 This item does what it says when it comes to playing media off your PC using wireless . The setup how ever took me some time to figure out . The media server that comes with it is not very good as I had a had time linking my media files to the player.After searching the internet for an alternative server I got this one called TVersity , it is brilliant and now I can play all my media content with no problem .
 I just plugged it in and it worked great ! It plays videos wirelessly from my Linux , and from my wifes Vista box without any complications . I love it !
 I have to give this product 5 stars because of what it can do , not a lower score because of what it ca n't do.Yes there are quirks that need to be worked out . But if you look at this product with an overall view and compare it to other products out on the market like it , this D-Link Wireless Media Player , DSM-320 , beats them all hands down.I can watch my downloaded movies , MP3 files -LRB- along with the few other format music files I have -RRB- , DVD VOB files if I want , all of my digital photos from my Nikon CoolPix camera , and listen to Radio@AOL for free . The Radio@AOL has been great for those times when I look through my music collection and just ca n't decide because I 've heard it all millions of times . Know what I mean?I have little fits when I ca n't rewind a certain movie or play a weird encoded video file , but again , overall I am very impressed and pleased with this product.I 'd like to Thank D-Link for this reasonably priced product that I am sure will get more TLC with new firmware , which updates automatically BTW . : -RRB-
 I 've read through the past year of reviews on this product . I would have gone back past that , but the earlier reviews were based on earlier versions of the firmware and software , so those people were the guinea pigs who found all of the original problems . I 'd like to thank those early adopters who helped improve the unit . One of the good things about it is that it can continue to be improved with downloaded upgrades . I 'd like to address a few main issues in this review.Combining music playlists with photo slideshows - Based on several prior reviews I 'd say that many people have n't figured out this simple trick . I 'm not going to go into the details of starting up a slideshow , but it 's easy to learn . I 'm not going to go into the details of setting up a music playlist , but it 's also easy to learn . I just want to explain how to combine playlists with slideshows so the same song does n't repeat over and over again during the slideshow . The trick is to assign music playlists to the number buttons on the remote . First you press the Music button on the remote to get to the Music menu . On the Music menu you highlight Playlists and press Enter . You then highlight one of your playlists . Then you hold down one of the number buttons on the remote until you see that number appear on screen beside that playlist . You can set up a different playlist for each number on the remote . You can change those playlists for each button at any time , so do n't worry that your playlist choice is set permanently for that button . Okay , now when you start a photo slideshow you just press one of the number buttons and that music playlist plays with the slideshow . It helps to remember which playlist is assigned to which button . That 's a simple way to play music with photo slideshows , but it 's also a quick way to have easy access to some of your favorite playlists simply by pressing one remote button . In my opinion it 's one of the best audio features , and many people do n't seem to know about it , so I hope that this helps somebody.Remote control - This is a very lightweight remote , but it 's not a liability for me . I do n't have to aim the remote precisely toward the DSM . In fact the remote seems to work the best when I aim it at the ceiling . I 've transferred the commands over to a learning remote that I use for everything else , and every function transferred flawlessly . They could improve the remote functions through a downloadable upgrade . As an example , my Dish network DVR remote has been improved several times due to downloaded software upgrades . Whether or not D-Link will do that is questionable , but it could happen . That leads to the next issue.Software - Many people have complained about the supplied software . In my opinion it was fast and easy to set-up in my computers , and it has worked without any problems for me , so that 's the good part . The bad part is that it 's very basic and vanilla , so it 's not everything that it could be , which is too bad , but maybe they wanted to keep it as simple as possible . There are free software options out there that many people like better , but in my opinion those other options are n't much better . I stumbled across Windows Media Connect by accident , but I 'm not satisfied with it . The real skill in developing software is to make it feature-rich while also making it as transparent and easy to use as possible . A really good software product could make this product much better , but I 've tried all of the options , and none of them are great . Nobody out there should be scared of using the supplied software though . It 's nothing special , but it seems to work now . There is still plenty of room for improvement . Software designers should be forced to spend their weekends with the home consumers of the software.Network issues - Although I 'm not an expert on networking , I think that I have a common sense outlook toward it that helps me use this product . The main thing to remember is that a wireless router is also a wired router . I 'm using the DSM as part of an extensive and expensive audio/video/home theater system . There are already about a zillion cables behind the system , in a convenient walk-in access area where I can get to all the connections easily . It 's already set up with ethernet back there , so it made sense for me to connect an ethernet cable from my wireless router to the DSM , and it made sense for me to run my videos from a computer that is also wired to the router . I can get audio wirelessly from other computers on the network with only minor and occasional glitches , but even the audio is more reliable from the wired computer . The DSM is a good wireless product , but it 's a better product if you attach an ethernet cable to it . I do n't think that this is a problem with the DSM . It 's just the nature of wireless limitations . When you 're surfing the web you are n't going to notice those limitations , but when you play music and watch video you will realize that wireless networking is n't as reliable as a wired network . In my case , when it comes to audio and video I would rather go wired for higher quality , but many people would rather be entirely wireless and accept occasional blips in the quality . That leads to the next issue.Music and video and photo quality - I 'm almost sorry to say that I have n't run into any major problems . When I removed a seemingly unrelated software program from one computer then that computer was suddenly removed as a server from the DSM , but that only took a few minutes to correct and then the computer was back in business as an audio/video/photo server . Most of the photos that I use were taken at eight megapixels , and none of those photos have crashed the DSM . They play without hesitation during slideshows . Some of my videos do n't look great on a large screen , but that 's due to the original quality . The higher quality videos look really great , at least compared to what I expected . I 've only had one video file that the DSM refused to play . The audio quality and performance has also been great . I have somewhere around ten thousand CDs , so I 'm never going to convert them all to computer files . I 'm highly selective on what I will rip to files . I do n't want to have the world 's largest MP3 collection , so I just want to have a really great one that meets my needs . With that said though , I do love making playlists and programming music for a wide range of moods and themes , and that 's where audio files let me do lots of things that would be slow and difficult to accomplish with CDs when I 'm in those moods . In other words if I had my entire music collection on MP3s then maybe that might not work well with the DSM , but for my purposes it sounds great and is easy for me to use . The integration with Rhapsody is much better than I expected . It makes sense to let Rhapsody keep their music on their servers . The sound quality of Rhapsody is surprisingly good . They do have lots of holes in their content , probably due to legal reasons , but my CDs can be ripped and added to their playlists , so I can fill in many of those holes with my own CDs when I make playlists.All in all , this product has turned out to be much better than I expected . That 's possibly because I have it connected both wired and wirelessly . That 's possibly because all of my computers are all the same brand on the same operating system with mostly the same software programs . Maybe I just lucked out that I did n't run into any issues . My overall point though is that many other people out there should be able to add this DSM to their audio and video systems without running into any longterm problems . It 's a product that I now use a lot , and it did n't cost much , so I 'd say that it 's one of my favorite audio/video products . I 'm sure that it 's far from perfect , but I did n't expect perfection . This fills in a missing link in my audio/video system . I 'm sure that this type of product will improve over the next few years , but considering the price that I paid and how much use I get from it , I 'm glad to have it around now . It 's not going to be a good option for everyone , but my general recommendation is that it 's worth a shot if you like this type of thing , and you can return it if it does n't work well with your system .
 I bought this unit after trying another Media Center Extender product by another manufacturer . I spent about 2 hours on the phone with tech support because I could not get the DSM 320 to recognize my playlists . For hours I tried tech support , before they told me I had to buy more software to get it to do that.That did not make sense to me , so for several hours , I read and re-read the manual , which says it will recognize Windows XP generated playlists , and I searched and searched trying to find where on my computer Windows XP actually stored playlists.Finally , I figured out where XP stored the playlists , and voila , one problem solved . The DSM 320 recognizes playlists with file extensions of . pls and . m3u and Windows XP does not use that format.HOWEVER , there is a conversion program that converts to . m3u format ! So I solved the problem myself . My computer and the DSM are about 60 feet apart and on different floors , but my videos and music work fine , though once in a while if I power the unit off , it takes a while to find the server . I havent tried video yet , but I bought the unit to stream music and pics to my home stereo and TV , and it does that exactly as I need it to , and I could not beat the price , which was less than a hundred bucks.So , it does what I wanted it to , I struggled some with the set up but it was worth it , and I think this product a terriffic value . As to the remote , well , I seem to have a dozen remotes , so I plan to reprogram them all into a master remote and not use this one anyway . It will work , but there is a lag , as can be expected with the DSM320 and my PC communicating with each other over a distance . My only comment would relate to my aging eyes , and that would be that I wish they would use bigger and brighter lettering on the buttons!I plan to get a TV tuner card for my PC , but at my age I can only handle so many innovations in one year , and I am maxed out for now . Look for an update next year !
 I have a 5.1 home theater system and a projector in my living room . I 've been using it for more than a week and I like it a lot.The only problem it has is that it works with WEP and not WPA -LRB- wireless geeks know what I am talking about -RRB- . Anyway , I connected the thing and set it up in less than 5 minutes . I am using it wirelessly and oh my God ! It really works like a sharm.The sound is excellent , images are very , very good , and videos look great.One thing though DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE THAT COMES WITH THIS PRODUCT !!! Use instead the the TVersity software , its free and is Beta , but it is very good . It includes TV Channels from around the world.Now I watch TV from Spain in the morning while I am getting ready for work , or during the night I watch some Argentinan chanels.This thing is really the future of Television.I would say `` get your piece of history in the new television era '' . They also have audio from live365.com , you can access it without even using TVersity or any other software server.Great overall product.Thanks D-link for this very fine product .
 I recieved the DSM-320 as a christmas gift , and as an audiophile I love the idea ! 500 CDs all at the touch of a remote . Then I tried to set it up ... the hardware install is pretty easy , and the software install was n't bad either . Once I was using it though , I noticed that the audio would cut in and out , and the unit would lose connection with the media server , it was slow , and would n't display some of my photos -LRB- even though they were only jpegs -RRB- . DLink tech support tried gave me some suggestions , which helped not at all.Then I did some work on the web and discovered Windows Media Connect , which I downloaded off the Microsoft Site for free , and away I went . All of a sudden it does n't cut out much , the load time is much quicker , and pictures I could n't see before I can see now . Also , the Media Connect sorts songs on albums by track number -LRB- a big oversight in Dlinks software -RRB- while showing them alphabetically when you look up artist . Photos can also be browsed by date shot , rather than clumsy file names.Overall the hardware is fantastic , the software is garbage . I 'm quite suprised the software was released and hopefully Dlink improves on it in future updates . Otherwise the software engineer should be fired -LRB- maybe from a cannon -RRB- .
 Ok , I did a lot of research before purchasing the DSM-320 . There were a number of reviews that complained about a few issues , but after reading Marc Stephens review on Amazon I was confident the device did exactly what I wanted and more.First off , let me tell you the product is amazing !! I had first thought of the Linksys Media adapter and then decided against it because it was wireless B , while the D-Link media lounge is Wireless G making it a bit faster on wireless G networks and backwards compatible on wireless B , in case you ever upgrade in teh future . It also has very intuitive menus and is extremely easy to navigate . Its a must for anyone with an AOL account ... it can connect directly to AOL radio and you can stream tons of radio stations . I love it ! Its also very sleek looking and fits nicely with my other entertainment center components . And then the BIGGEST advantage of all...D-Link maintains resources to continue enhancing this product . i.e. there are regular firmware and software updates that are automatically downloaded to improve your media experience . So whatever issues you encounter are sure to be resolved in coming updates.Ok , so now the minor issues I 've encountered.Yes , the remote sucks . you do have to point directly at the unit to get it to respond . Another reviewer says he 's gotten a universal remote to work w / the unit to get around this , but i havent tried that yet . Quite frankly , its not a deal breaker for me considering the other great features.Yes , there are unsupported video codecs . I cant stream * . avi files because it says its unsupported . aparently it will recognize some and not others . but everything i took with my canon digital camera is not supported ... YET ! I 'm hoping the next firmware update will include new supported files.Ok , I understand there 's an issue everyone has with playing a slide show and having their music get stuck on one track and repeating one song the whole time . Well , thats cause your doing it wrong ! I found an article in the product 's knowledge base -LRB- yes , they have a knowledge base ... use it ! -RRB- , that explains how to get your playlists to run in the background of your photo slide shows . Create a playlist of the songs you want . then browse to it from your media lounge and hold down a button from 1-9 on the remote for a few seconds . this will set that playlist to a preset -LRB- lets say you choose 1 -RRB- . then go to your photo library and start a slide show by playing a folder . When the slide show starts , just press `` 1 '' . this will start your playlist in the background ! It 'll play every song in the playlist ! Its great . . i love it when freinds are over . . i can play my whole music and photo library ... at the same time !!
 Before I bought this unit I read all the reviews about how difficult it was to set up . I had it running via wireless in about 10 minutes . I 'm not a computer professional and I did n't think it was that hard . My network is n't that complicated or as secure as some people might require so that might make a difference , but it works fine with the standard software for me.I plan to use this unit primary for playing video -LRB- tv shows -RRB- that I have captured and stored on my computer . The unit plays the shows , but you ca n't really pause or fast forward . It pretty much starts over every time you try . Also the volume seems to be pretty low and I have to crank up my tv volume.All in all , it does what I want it to . Perfectly ? No .
 I 've had the product up & running since June & it works very well . I 'm using the optical out for sound & component out for video . I had spent some time shopping around for a product that would be able to play my ogg files as well as stream rhapsody , stream internet radio & provide a useful menu to the TV & to look like a piece of stereo equipment you could add to your rack system . The only other product out there that can meet all of these requirements is one that you do yourself or the D-link . Granted there are a couple products out there that can do ogg/rhapsody but look like alarm clocks . I was trying to avoid the alarm clock look . Ideally , I wanted the Philips Streamium Sl400i , but it just does n't have any of functionality or flexibility as the Media Lounge has.I did n't have any problems with the setup of the unit . I plugged it into the network & gave it hard-coded ip @ values as standard for my network & then poked a hole in the firewall for the unit to work with the D-link server software . This all worked fine . Setup Rhapsody as a server & that also worked nicely.One problem I 've seen is that the menu does n't have the ability to bring back the song that 's currently playing to the main screen when you browse around to look at the rest of your library.I do n't like the wireless stream as it can break up the sound . But this unit has a direct connection & this worked superbly.I use Real Radio as well but there is no support for it . Though I might just switch to Live365 as an alternative.One reviewer mentioned a 1000 track limit , but I have not seen this limit on my own system . Nor a crash in the software . I suspect that the reviewer might 've had something wrong with his harddrive or some of the files had special characters maybe . Or maybe it 's 1000 tracks in one folder ? I 'm not sure but I have n't seen the problem myself.About the only ` flaw ' I can find with the unit is that there is n't much in the audiophile community about making changes to it to improve its sound -LRB- or even if it actually needs it -RRB- . For example , I have n't heard of anyone using a DAC with the unit or cracking one open to change the electronics -LRB- assuming there is enough space to change anything -RRB- . Due to its compact nature it would probably be best to use a DAC with it if a person wants to try to tweak the digital output into analog before it gets to your preamp/amp -LRB- or receiver -RRB- .
 I like the product very much . I used to connect my laptop to my stereo and TV to enjoy pics/music in my living room . However , thanks to this product , I do not have to carry my PC around anymore . Having said this , this is only feature I appreciate about this product . If you have already your PC connected to your stereo/TV and do not mind operating keyboard and a mouse to enjoy music , online media , pictures and videos , this product will not give you beneifts , because only major difference is that you could use a remote controler instead of operating a PC.quality of sound , pictures , videos are excellent . I tested my Mpeg movie files stored in my PC and they work great as if you are watching a video or a DVD . I subscribe rhapsody and it works very smoothly and sounds great . However , I find slide shows are bit frustrating . It takes a few seconds to switch pictures , and a remote controler is hard to maneuver for smooth presentations . If you have slide shows for business purposes , I would not recommend you use this product . Using your own PC should be much smoother and look professional.Also , the quick installation guide included in the package was not helpful enough . Instead of reading it first , I would suggest that you directly go on to d-link website , and download a full manual . I also talked to their customer support for an initial set up and they were very patient and helpful . Although I had to wait almost 15 min . on the phone until I was able to speak with them , the customer service person I spoke with spent almost 20 min . with me to find out issues and solutions . He really wanted to make sure that my problems were solved before talking to a next customer.It would be so great if this product offer internet service . However , given the retail price which is quite inexpensive , I must say I am very happy with this product a lot in terms of convenience for entertainment in my living room . online music service is great for home parties , and not having to operate a bulky PC for travel picture slide shows in front of your guests is wonderful because it does not damage good ambience after dinner with your guests . -LRB- No one wants to see a PC desk top picture on a TV monitor after a good dinner party . -RRB- This product does not seem to be good for a professional use , but offer sophisticated operations for home entertainment .
 I ca n't get over how much fun this device is . It can play movies , music , pictures , and stream live audio from the Internet . These are everything I use my PC for , and now I can see them on my big screen TV . Simply Amazing.I sure hope that others enjoy it as much as I do . I did get a little confused when setting it up , but following the instructions that came with it helped out a bit so I was able to figure it out eventually . I used the wireless part for a while , but saw some choppyness when playing some of the videos and wondered if it was my connection .
 I love this thing . It easliy hooks up to my big screen TV and DVD player so that I can view my photos and listen to internet radio over my good surround sound speakers . It 's not exactly in surround sound , but it sounds much better than my cheap PC speakers.The setup was easy and I would n't worry about it . It 's harder to decide what station to listen to out of the many stations you have to choose from than it is to set this thing up . Just make sure to take the time to include all your media files from your PC to be shared with this device .
 I just ordered my second DSM-320 . The first one I bought for the Rhapsody music on demand service and as soon as I hooked it up I was addicted to it . The Rhapsody support -LRB- it also supports Radio AOL and Napster -RRB- make this thing one of the most ` killer apps ' I 've seen.The icing on the cake for me and the reason I decided to buy another unit is that the video support turned out to be so good that I ended up continually moving it from my bedroom -LRB- for watching video -RRB- and my living room to listen to music.For video , I have a basic and cheap video capture card in my PC which records in MPEG-1 which the DSM-320 play perfectly and in effect this setup can be used like a subscription-free DVR . Recently I have also been using it to play files orginating from my TiVo which were extracted using the TiVoToGo service.The Rhapsody service supported by the DSM-320 is something that might not appeal to everyone given the $ 10 monthly cost of the subscription but to me I find the fact that I can run the Rhapsody service on my laptop in my living room and instantly play just about ANY music I can think of on the DSM-320 something that continually blows me away . This particular use has high ` wife acceptance factor ' at least in my house and is one of those services that once you start you quickly begin considering your time before discovering it as the ` dark ages ' . Setting the unit up is no more or less difficult than setting up any other wireless network item although I would recommend a wireless G only network for streaming higher bitrate video.The user-interface is simple to use , responsive and comprehensive . You can get to your PC based or online media very quickly and intuitively.One last point
 I do n't use this much to view/play my movies or pictures . I stream my MP3s and play the Radio@AOL all the time though.I can choose from a bunch of channels and it 's almost always something new that I have n't heard for weeks . I usually turn this on in the morning while I 'm getting ready instead of the news like I used to.Installation and setup of this device were done pretty quickly if you follow the guide that comes with it . Although it 's pretty self explanitory . I wish I did n't have to have another remote to use , but until I can get one big remote for all my junk , err entertainment options , then I wont complain.The remote is easy to use and you can tune into a Radio@AOL channel with the greatest of ease . Personally I 'd recommend this for that reason alone .
 First I have to say I see where people are coming from when they say not everything works the way it should.BUTThere is a huge advantage to useing this device than most others . OK the price is right on this , and that 's not very argueable since everything else that I saw that can play videos over your home network is priced a lot higher . The big advantage is that it can play video , and does it pretty well . Yes soem videos ca n't play , but this media player from D-link actually plays more videos than I can on my PC . Yep , this media player has more codecs than my PC . I do n't really know where to get codecs or how exactly they work , but I do know this media player can play about 95 % of all my videos.Plus this has surround sound capabilities , easy setup and interface , a nice remote , and the server software is n't THAT bad . The server software is a little laggy sometimes , and I have to restart it on occasion , but it 's hardly a burden.Overall I have to give this device 5 stars because it does work fine for me . I can play streaming radio , all my MP3s , most of my videos , and browse through my pictures with the greatest of ease .
 I really like this device . Once you get past the firmware updates and the media server issues and the wireless signal strength problems , it works well and is an excellent addition to your home entertainment system . I have several gigabytes of digital photos and home videos stored on my PC and this device allows me to view them all on my large TV instead of having relatives crowd around my laptop when they visit or deal with hooking up cameras or finding picture discs , etc. . Plays my MP3s as well . Once I figure out playlists , I may use it more for MP3s than anything.Now , for the technical issues ... I had trouble viewing photos properly using the D-Link Media Server software -LRB- all pictures were squished horizontally -RRB- , but Microsoft just released Windows Media Connect that does basically the same things and maintains photo aspect ratios properly . I also had trouble updating the firmware but used a process I found through an online forum to update it from my local PC . I could not view video reliably at all via wireless until I read several articles on wireless signal strength and spent some time reorienting the antenna to pick up my network properly . When the strength is over 50 percent , video streams cleanly even at 8Mbps bit rate . As other folks have said , the remote is clunky and the software problems make you feel like the thing was rushed to market , but for the money I think it 's an excellent buy , much cheaper than the new Media PCs and cheaper than the direct competition.It 's not for the faint-of-heart . If you are willing to fight through the setup issues and spend some time on it -LRB- I spent more than a couple of hours -RRB- , it 's a great deal IMHO . Otherwise , consider it a product that needs a little more fine-tuning before it 's ready for the masses .
 After reading some of the reviews of this unit both on amazon and other websites , I was a bit worried about this unit 's Wireless capabilities , and being able to play the files that i have on my hard drive.I am happy to report that the unit works flawlessly -LRB- firmware 1.07 -RRB- . Right out of the box i was able to get and maintain a connection of 80-90 + -LRB- out of 100 -RRB- . I have been able to stream audio , pictures and video without any problems , and only a couple of my video files were n't able to play because they were an obscure digital camera encoding.One thing I would recommend doing to get the most out of your DSM-320 is downloading the free http://www.tversity.com media server software , as it makes the experience that much easier and enjoyable . Tversity will easily transcode any of your files that are n't in the right format , to a format that can be read by the DSM-320 . It also allows you to add your own streaming audio and video links to be used on the unit . You can even watch online streaming TV stations . Awesome!Conclusion : Great Unit . Bad Software . Download Tversity -LRB- now with GUI -RRB- and/or Windows Media Connect2.UPDATE
 My Situation
 So far , so good . After much reading and reviewing my options , I decided to get this media server and see if it works . I had my doubts after reading many negative reviews , but considering that there are very few choices of players that do all the same , I convinced myself that , worst case scenario , I could always use my 30 day money back guarantee -LRB- 27 days to go -RRB- . Now , there are media servers out there that do a better job at playing music , or playing photos or playing videos , but there are very few choices that do it all . Originally , I had considered the Buffalo device , but their support and firmware seems to be terrible . Here are my main criteria and I urge you to make a list of what 's important to you , because that should make a big difference in your purchasing decision . I wanted a device that plays both music -LRB- mp3 , I do n't do iTunes and do n't care for online radio -RRB- and photos -LRB- JPG , GIF , TIF were a must -RRB- , but I am not very interested in streaming videos . DVD and TV will do a much better job at that for quite some time to come and I do n't have time to rip or download videos -LRB- and , in fairness
 First off I 'm not sure about the people who could n't connect for x hours . I loaded the software , plugged it in and it saw it , I picked my network and bang , bob 's your uncle.However , I will let you know about software , which for me is the real issue at hand.There are 3 software packages that I know of , the D-Link software that came with it , Windows Media Connect 2 , and TVERSITY . The D-Link software is decent but does n't support all types and I am having issues with the aspect ratio . It 's changing the aspect ratio of my pics to fill out a 4:3 aspect ratio . This seems to be a known issue and makes all your pics look squeezed no matter what you select on the unit.Windows Media Connect had a few troubles connecting at the beginning but then I got it going , -LRB- Windows firewall needs to be opened or disabled to see it and TVERSITY -RRB- Media connect clears the aspect ratio problem up , but the picture quality is not at the same level as the D-Link software , quite noticeable really.TVERSITY has very little support for pictures at this point . And by that I mean it ca n't even play a jpeg.With regards to music -LRB- MP3 -RRB- they are all fairly even but you may want to got through your lists and clean up your ID3 tags so you do n't have 5 instances of Barenaked_Ladies , Barnacked Lady 's etc. I do n't play video on it because it 's not hidef and those units cost about $ 800 and I 'm not there yet and frankly if you want to do that , get a media pc and hook it up to your tv full time.Over , the picture quality is decent , I think it does 1024x ??? with component cables for still photography , and the sound quality is as good as your rip.All in all it 's a decent unit , I got it for $ 150 so I ca n't complain that much . I did n't have any problems hooking it up and everything after that seems like a software/firmware issue which will keep getting better and from what it sounds like , has already been significantly upgraded in the past year.I 'm keeping mine for tunes and the odd pic.Try it out , if it does n't work do n't freak out like these other people , just take it back and if you want something to work no probs that has great features with a reasonable price , stay entirely out of the computer/audio-video market .
 4 stars , only becuase if I was not computer/networking savy , I would be in a world of hurt . I am using it as a wirless media center on a G network with a Neatgear 108mb wirelss router . The DSM-320 is then connected to my reciever via optical and svideo . It then pump to my Bose Acoustimass 10 speaker system . I use it for everything , video , Mp3s , pictures , and mainly Rhapsody . It is phenomenal when using rhapsody . I can now put away my cd collection and CD changer . Rhapsody access is obtain with the 1.5 firmware upgrade . You need to do the firmware upgrade or you will be disapointed with the navigation of the dsm . Once 1.5 was uploaded , It worked with ease . The speed of access of all of the file system is acceptable . Rhapsody is faster than any CD changer . I can access all the albums/artist i want like it was my own IPOD for my TV . Videos can be a little glitchy . Photos , can easily be accessed for slideshows . This toy is like having your own personal juke box for your house . I have had it drop out only once since gettiing it running a few days ago -LRB- mainly my system file managment hangup -RRB- . Download Windows Media Connect , It just runs better as your media server software and you can have it installed on multiple computers to access content . I can even add more artist/albums to my rhapsody collection from my laptop through remote desktop . The sound quality is great . I also notice that if you have over 1000 mp3 that the DSM will loose the list during the scrolling of your mp3 library . It is best to set up your music into folders or by artist . The next best thing is that there needs to be 5.1 streaming audio content or mp3 . Furthermore , there is no file access to my ITUNES library , all my ipod songs are unavailble for streaming . I wish there was a work around in order to obtains access instead of converting all the songs from ACC to MP3 , then again , I can just use rhapsody to add the artist ! 10buck a month is worth it .
 I also bought this so that I can listen to online radio via my entertainment center . This device works great for that . For all thsoe who are using wireless ... try wired , even if the wire looks bad , just try it , it 's much more reliable and has more bandwidth available . It just makes more sense.I like the user interface even though some things a little confusing . You get over that in about 2 minutes of using it . No biggy . Also make sure to upgrade the firmware if it does n't automatically . It 's a nice feature.Also make sure all your MP3s have the right ID3 tags . Otherwise you wont know what songs you are about to play .
 I was able to set this up in about 10 minutes . Plus it in to the TV like a VCR , or DVD Player and install the software on your PC and your done . Enabling the DSM-320 to view and read my files -LRB- video , pictures , music , and even online content -RRB- was very easy . I can now listen to my MP3 collection on our home entertaiment center with surround sound . It is very nice . All this with the ease of a remote control , which does n't get the best signal , but I have used worse remotes.There are little things like scrolling through long lists of songs that gets annoying , but I 've solved that by making playlists on my PC of the groups of songs I like most . Then I just play those playlists.Some downloaded movies I have play without a hitch , but some have a weird codec so the media player does n't play them . But then I got a new firmware upgrade and now they play fine . The firmware upgrade was very easy to get . In fact all I had to do was say OK to the firmware upgrade and the DSM-320 went out on the Internet , found the newest version and installed it itself and rebooted itself too.I like this wireless media player and hope others can find the good in it that I do .
 Setup was pretty easy . I 'm a computer buff , so I understood everything . The interface is wizard driven , and pretty intutitive if you know what 's going on . I 'll admit that some one who is n't technical may have a difficult time entering the SSID and the WEP key , but I knew what to do . My only complaint with this area is a common WEP issue
 Having read all the reviews , I decided to go ahead and purchase the D-link DSM-320 media hub , figuring that at the price and discount offered it was worth the gamble . Setup was easy going
 With the surround sound capability and s-video connections this thing can really pump out some quality sound and video . I heard new ones will do HD , but I do n't even have an HDTV , so whatever.I 'm happy with this device even with its little hang ups . I wont mention them because I really do n't come across them often and I think I 've read enough about them on the Internet . Everyone is always complaining . Either way this works for what I want it to do . Play music on my * good * speakers , with a remote!I always liked how my PC could handle all my MP3s and music and playlists and whatnot , but my PC is so far from my entertainment center and TV . Well now I can play my sweet tunes on my surround sound speakers and just crank it up to 11 ! Installation was fairly simple , the remote is good enough , a little light for me , but it works . Internet streaming works great , and shuffle works great with the newest firmware . This thing even updates itself . Well almost , you just have to press OK a couple times to confirm that you want to upgrade.I 'd recommend it for those that live alone , otherwise you 'd all be fighting for the remote and what streaming station to listen to next . : -RRB-
 I was very excited to receive my new Media Player and reading all the quite negative reviews I was a bit concerned too.After reading and following the quick installation guide I stucked not realizing that the basic setup is not done on the PC but on the TV . So do read the bigger manual -LRB- which I have n't done before -RRB- . Getting connected to the wireless network was quite easy . Also note the wireless network passcode must be entered in Hexadecimals ! Having done so , immediately the connection was confirmed and activated . Photos , music and video are streamed perfectly.One downside that streaming radio stations on the PC ca n't be transferred , only RadioAOL can be used -LRB- which is not free and limited -RRB- . A good thing , all the required cables are included , also a S-Video cable which I recommend to use since it provides better quality.So please read the manual first . There is a support number where you can get some basic help -LRB- for thos not reading the manual -RRB- . Within 30 seconds you are able to talk to person.The Media Player does exactly was it is supposed to do - not more , not less . The installation and setup is quite easy , so read the manual and everybody interested and familiar with computers and wireless network should be able to get it working within 15 minutes . It 's a very fair price too.A note beside , Amazon shipped it faster than they forecasted . It came on the 2nd day after placing the order .
 After reading multiple reviews I skipped the included software altogether and installed tversity server . It has a simple command line interface and quickly indexed my music and picture collections . I configured my firewall , router , and access point to allow access to port 41952 from a static ip . I then configured the DSM through its television interface , giving it a static ip . It connected right away and I was in business . The entire setup process took about 15 minutes.The interface is fairly easy to use . I primarily use the folder listing since I have everything sorted the way I like it on my PC . Music streams well with a wireless b connection , but for anything else you will want g or wired connection . In about 25 hours of use -LRB- on and off , not continuous -RRB- I have had to reboot the server twice . I am not sure if this is an issue with the hardware or software . The DSM locks up whenever I try to view large images -LRB- over 2Meg or so -RRB- . You can not select a folder to play that contains other folders -LRB- if you have a folder for artist , and a subfolder for cd , you can not shuffle through all songs in all folders -RRB- . When you add items to your shared folders , tversity does not automatically detect it . You need to manually refresh . I also noticed the refresh option sometimes misses added items so I had to unshare a folder , and then re-share it.Overall I am very satisfied with the performance of the dsm-320 . The major shortcomings are the software on both the PC and the DSM . Fortunately these are items that can be addressed and hopefully will be .
 I purchased a DSM-320 and had it setup in about 25 minutes including figuring out which plugs to use in my receiver . Installed the D-link software first , shared out some folders with mp3 's and digital photos and then powered up the unit.The unit detected the server over my wireless network , and I was ready to go . Connectivity has been a little spotty , but I think that is because my d-link router -LRB- DI 624 -RRB- is two floors up . I 'm looking at getting a range extender to see if that will help . My wireless laptop has some connectivity problems as well , so I do n't think it is just the dsm-320 . The unit has an optical and coax audio outs , and I am using the optical . The default audio out is analog , but by going into the setup menu I was able to change to the optical audio out.I am a rhapsody subscriber , and I am able to listen to both music in my rhapsody library and playlists I have created . Also all rhapsody radio stations are available as well.I have not done much testing with video files , but what little I have tried has worked fairly well . The problems I have had appear to be network related.I have some Napster audio files that do not play . I believe that if I use the windows media connect software instead of d-link 's software then the napster files will play.All in all I have been pleased with it .
 I love the Internet and what it can bring to our computers . But this is a cut down version of a computer , so it costs less than a new PC . I can stream live radio over the Internet and out my entertainment system speakers . I can stream my MP3s straight from my desktop PC to my entertainment system speakers . AND my videos straight to my TV and entertainment systems speakers . See the advantage here?So the setup was rather straight forward and not too complicated . If you read the instructions you will know what you are doing . Getting the files indexed on my PC took a little while because of how many MP3s and media I have stored on my 120GB hard drive . :-RRB- And the performance of this media player was rather well considering it 's not all high powered and expensive.Needless to say I greatly enjoy the convenience this provides me and the overall ease of use myself and my family find this product to be . I thank it 's makers .
 This device is what I 've been waiting for . I have thousands and thousands of pictures and mp3 songs in my 300 GB shared networked storage device -LRB- Maxtor NAS H01R300 -RRB- and I set this media player up in about 30 min . At first , my music was n't working then flipping through their menu , found out that I have to change my audio port from composite to Digital Optic since that is what I connected to my receiver . Only thing that is not working or could n't figure out so far is that I ca n't start a slide show of my pictures . I have to manually click remote control button to flip through pictures . This is kinda pain to see 100s of pictures while I 'm eating dinner or whatever . I think it 's a bug in their firmware and hope they can fix this issue soon . I guess I am keeping this unit since it does everything else it advertised .
 I am totally impressed with the D-Link media player . I use to hook up my laptop to my TV and stereo system to listen to the internet radio or listen to music files from my wireless network , but now it is a thing of the past . Thanks to my media player . The online radio and watching photos is a blast . Watching videos at first was a little choppy at times and some of my videos I could n't even watch for whatever reason . Since I have downloaded the latest and greatest firmware along with windows media connect software , I 'm able to watch all my movies like watching it from my DVD player . For those reading this , I strongly recommend that you download WINDOWS MEDIA CONNECT from the Microsoft website . It enhances the streaming of your videos , music files , and photos with a wireless connection . This digital media player is off the hook . Get it !! I hope you enjoy it as much as I do and my family enjoys it as well .
 Good quality speakers and subwoofer for the price . I bought them to replace Creative 's equivalent , and these are way better . I like the headphone jack and volume incorperated in the right speaker .
 I 've actually only had them plugged in for 2 days and I 'm very impressed . Great sound and they are n't too big , only 7 inches tall and 3 inches wide . I purchased them because I needed to replace my old bulky speaks . The only thing I do n't like about them is that they ca n't be used without the subwoofer . There is only one power source and it 's through that . Besides this I 'm very happy with them . I 'll update more as my experience continues ...
 I download and listen to music from Rhapsody while I work from home , and the sound from these speakers is superb , even when I crank up the volume . The sub-woofer enriches the overall sound . Terrific value .
 EXCELENTE CALIDAD Y ENTREGA DEL PRODUCTO , RAPIDO EL ENVIO Y MUY RESPONSABLE AL MOMENTO DEL EMBALAJE PARA UN TRANSPORTE HASTA VENEZUELA
 I bought these speakers over 3 years ago and they still work great . For thirty dollar speakers they are well worth the money . The only real problem I had with these is that there is no base adjustment which you do n't see on cheaper speakers anyway .
 I ordered these speakers in 2006 . It was my first purchase from Amazon . They still work like the day i bought them and the sound quality is excellent . The only downside was that you can not adjust the sub but its at a perfect level for the speakers . I recommend them to anyone who wants good quality speakers worth the price !
 I have had this product and I jus love it the sound quality is great for me and my computer
 I am not an audiophile per se - I listen to mp3s , watch DVDs and listen to internet radio on my laptop , but I know I can spend a lot more money on speakers than I have for better quality . I 've had these speakers for four years and I 've been very pleased over all . I get a lot of power from the subwoofer and I like being able to plug my headphones into the speakers directly at will . I 've gone through at least four pairs of headphones over the same period of time and I feel that the sound these speakers offer is warmer and richer than I 'd get with just headphones alone . The short cords that tie the speakers together make them difficult to arrange in a limited amount of desk space and it is difficult to balance the central volume control on my laptop with the speaker volume control to get the best volume range , but I feel that Logitech generally makes a solid , reliable , inexpensive product , and I 've bought many more Logitech products because of my satisfaction with this one . They 're old and I can probably do a lot better these days , but they have n't let me down yet .
 i got this product a week ago , thinking they might be weak , but i was impressed with the sound , i have a laptop , i use it to watch movies and listen to music , trust me the bass pounds.i would recommend this product to anyone .
 I 'm a Creative fan so these are the first Logitech speakers I ever bought and I was pleasantly surprised . I was looking for a set of speakers for my laptop but since the portable models are more expensive -LRB- and probably will not sound as good since being portable means no sub-woofer -RRB- I decided for this not-as-portable model.Well , these are perfect to keep on your desktop -LRB- though the ideal placement of any sub-woofer is on the floor close to a corner -RRB- , as it has a small sized sub-woofer all controls in one the speakers.These speakers sound really nice , slightly superior sound to Creative 's corresponding model -LRB- SBS 350 -RRB- but with less output power -LRB- Creative 's SBS 350 sub-woofer is larger and more powerful -RRB- Pros : - Headphone jack and POWER button in the left speaker - No `` wired remote '' -LRB- which adds more clutter to your desktop -RRB- - Nice design for the price - Even cheaper than Creative 's SBS 350Cons : - Small sub-woofer - No `` wired remote '' which means you have to keep one of the speakers close . - No bass control -LRB- which usually means too much bass if your audio source has no equalization control -RRB-
 I have an aging computer and because of the looming Vista update issues any update has to be cost efficient . My Klipsch Promedia Ultra system let me down -LRB- again -RRB- and with the subwoofer alone filling half a room any repair shipping is out of the question . This product proves again that Logitech produces true quality at an amazing price . The sound is great with deep and warm bass range , it is great for both gaming and music , you can even hook up the system to your iPod . Highly recommend it .
 I like to sometimes play my music a little loud and these speakers handle it just fine , even with a song that has major bass to it . The design is nice too ... . I really appreciate the headphone jack located on the front of the speaker it makes it easier than trying to fool around in the back of the computer to plug headphones in . Also the sub woofer is not so big that you have no place to go with it . I was worried about the quality because the low price but Logitech has come through again !
 I was looking for an inexpensive replacement for my Logitech Z340 speakers -LRB- an excellent 3 piece speaker set , but that 's another review -RRB- which gave up the ghost after about 5 years . I did n't want to spend more than about $ 25 because I do n't listen to that much music on my home computer system . I did want something with more sound than just a couple of desktop speakers ; I wanted a sub-woofer as well.After reading the reviews , I selected the R-20 speaker set . Although the reviews were mixed , I figured for less than $ 20 , I 'd take a chance.The short answer is , good speakers for the money.While they do n't have the clarity and depth of the Z340 system they replaced , they are more than adequate for basic desktop use and occasional listening to music.At first , the tweeter-midrange speakers sounded a bit tinny and were missing the midrange that I had come to expect from a decent set of speakers . The sub-woofer -LRB- a very small and light unit for a sub -RRB- was also muddy and sounded like it was over powering the smaller speakers . As it turned out , I was over-driving the speakers , trying to play them louder than they were designed to be played.Once I turned the volume down a bit , they sounded much better . I subsequently balanced the frequency bands with the graphic equalizer in Windows Media Player and brought out the missing midrange frequency . Much better.Placement is also important with these speakers . They are not made for whole-room-sound . They are made for the immediate computer area , not 5 or more feet away . Place the subwoofer on the floor near your feet , under a desk if you have one . The small -LRB- and delicate feeling , I might add -RRB- desktop speakers should go to the immediate left and right of your monitor , right in front of you . Put them anywhere further away and you will not get the best sound from these speakers.In summary , these speakers are not designed to be played at high volume . A little adjustment is required to bring out the midranges and balance the high and low frequency . Easy to do ; it 's not rocket science . They have a nice balance of sound once they are setup correctly . You will get very good sound for very little money .
 I bought these speakers a few months ago when building a replacement computer on a budget . The plan was to buy these for sound and then get some decent speakers at a later date . Now some 4-5 months since I bought them I 'm still using them . The tiny little subwoofer is sometimes boomy but the satellites sound great as long as you do n't want window rattling volume . My wife also appreciates the headphone jack on the right speaker . Every time I 'm in an electronics store I look at higher end speakers and have so far decided it 's not worth the difference . For $ 25.00 you ca n't go wrong with these speakers .
 I have limited space but these speakers and subwoofer fit nicely . They sound 100 times better than my old speakers and I enjoy my music much more now . Certainly not concert hall quality but well worth the price !
 Strengths
 I bought these speakers as a birthday present for my husband because his old speakers were wearing out . I have been really pleased with them and surprised that though they are small they put out an excellent quality of sound . The subwoofer puts out a good amount of bass also . If you are looking for good speakers and a great price I suggest these ones .
 I just wanted some cheap speakers for listening to my music and watching videos once in a while on my computer . I 'm not a musician or anything , but I do have thousands of songs from blues to classical to rock to hiphop . I ordered these speakers , and I have to say this is some of the best $ 25 I 've ever spent . It 's hardly the $ 300 surround sound system I have connected to my TV , game platform , CD and DVD players , but for a set of speakers in this price range to be able to pick up even the low bass at the start of the theme from `` Jaws '' is pretty remarkable.If you just need something inexpensive for your computer or gaming system , I honestly ca n't imagine a better choice than these . Highly recommended .
 We purchased this set as a low-end option to replace the Dell set that my husband reclaimed to go with his new flat screen monitor . As is everyone , we are watching the pennies right now , and looked at this set as a compromise between price and quality . It was to accompany the CRT monitor that I inherited from him along with his old Dell computer . After we received it and have been using it for about two months , I am VERY happy to say that there is absolutely NO COMPROMISE when it comes to performance , quality of the sound and appearance . It matches my other Dell components perfectly and I am THRILLED with my system now . My husband is pleased that I do not hog HIS computer any more . Price was great , delivery was speedy and we are very pleased .
 My PC is in a small library , and I did n't need a huge sound system . I just wanted to have a basic , decent speakers for my newly purchased HP desktop . So I got Logitech R-20 , and I am totally happy about the purchase . The system is poweful enough to listen to music and watch movies . I played with the equalizer on the PC and it sounds great . Amazon had the best value , even less than ones listed on eBay , and I am so happy about the purchase .
 the sound is great.i would recommend to any one who likes to watch movies or music on your pc.sound is just great .
 Pretty much what I expected . Decent speakers for the price , though I thought that they would be a little louder at max volume . Great speakers to replace original computer speakers .
 It was the best $ 18 I have spent . I am so happy with them . They plug in and bam . The nice think is you can also use headphones with them . I can also plug in my mini-ipod too . The are loud enough for my office . I can listen to streaming podcast . I do n't have to strain my ears to listen . I would recommend it to anyone . I even got my co-worker to buy a pair for his office .
 This is a good product for what your pay for it , I do n't know if there are any better p/c speakers in this price range but I did end up purchasing a pair of Klipsch 2.1 speakers after I bought these only because the total wattage these put out was n't loud enough for what I wanted , but you could do alot worse if they only put out 50 watts rms , I would have been totally satisfied with these .
 I purchased two sets of these speakers for two computers I just put together for my children . The sound is actually pretty good for the price of these units . I am very satisfied with these speakers .
 I got these for my mom for Christmas as replacement speakers for her G5 's internal speakers . we usually use these speakers at 1/4 -1 / 2 volume . Just a hint , the subwoofer goes on the floor . They 're great desk speakers and not bad if you walk away to do something away from your computer . I 'm debating if i should buy a second one for my computer ! -LSB- will make walls next to the subwoofer vibrate , not shake -RSB-
 I realize the prices change constantly , but when I purchased these speakers , they were $ 17.80 . You can be absolutely certain these speakers are worth that . People often say `` you get what you pay for '' , and in general , that is true , however , with these speakers , I think you 're getting an excellent price . I use them with my laptop for both casual music listening and video editing -LRB- for film school -RRB- . The quality is very good for both purposes . It 's only a 2.1 system , and these are n't made by Bose , so do n't plan to use them for DJ ` ing a party . They do have a limited volume , and at quieter points in a given song , you may hear some `` fuzz '' at high volumes.As has been said before , one downside to these speakers is the lack of a bass control on the Subwoofer . The bass may be a little high for some users , and if the program you 're using does n't have an equalizer , I could see how it would be a bit irritating.I 'll still give them a 5 star rating , because they are , without a doubt , the best speakers you will find for under $ 20 .
 I think Logitech has the speaker tech down right . These speakers sound much bigger than they look and cost less than they look . Great buy .
 These speakers are great for an under $ 20 set . For everyday watching movies , playing games , or listening to music , these speakers do the trick . The bass box is nice and tiny , but still puts out good sound . They can handle some pretty high volumes without any problems , and the bass would have your neighbors banging on the walls.Pros
 These are a great little pair of PC speakers . The bass sounds really good and the speakers themselves and small , clean and effective . I bought them for work and I am very happy !
 I am writing this review almost a year after I purchased these for my son 's mp3 player . I am amazed at the quality for only $ 18 , you ca n't beat it . The subwoofer provides great sound enhancement . They also work perfectly with our ipod and laptop .
 These are awesome for small desk use . They work great as multimedia speakers , and the bass really adds to the music when using your computer as a jukebox . They 're also very easy to carry around and you can even plug them into an iPod with no problems!Pros : CheapPowerfulPortableCons : None
 The speakers are OK , just do n't expect them to be very loud . I keep mine turned all the way up and adjust volume through my computer . Even when both are turned all the way up , the sound is not heard well one room over . Good speakers , easy to install , intended for use at desk only .
 aside from the excellent service , having upgraded my basic speakers , i would highly recommend this ! thnx
 works well with any player but you will need a female adaptor . Good product for its price .
 They 're incredible quality for the price , but not the best I 've had . Have n't had a problem yet !
 I bought this to add to my desktop to listen to the news and of course , music . It is easy to hook-up and the sound quality is good . You ca n't go wrong with it.Best buy for your buck !
 - The item is small . It has fashion and appeal . It is lightweight and small enough to leave about in any room . It has great bass and mid-range sound . For under thirty dollars you will never beat this pc-audio complete setup . I will buy one more for my 2003-server .
 I think the speakers are good value for the price . The one flaw that I have found is the base volume over powers the rest of the music . If there was a way to control it I would have any complaints at all .
 Tired of that tinny sound from your computer , but work in an office where you ca n't have a huge subwoofer ? If so this is a perfect set of speakers for you . The speakers are compact and attractive , and look great on my desk , plus the subsoofer is small enough to tuck nicely underneath . The result
 Although I could not keep this product -LRB- it was not my computer that the speaker hooked up to -RRB- I did enjoy the quality sound , look and overall appeal of the Logitech R-20 2.1 Speaker System . The slim line design would go great with any computer system especially if you do not have alot of desk space . The speakers are slim and produce alot of clear quality sound . I enjoyed this product very much .
 This isnt a high end hi-fi or surround sound , but for $ 18 it puts most boom boxes to shame and is perfect for work or office listening - ie if you dont need to shake the windows or party till you blow chunks but dont want to spend a day listening to a tinny trebly ear shredding cheap 'n' nastys I would recommend these highly . Rounded and copes with most music styles . Sometimes would be nice to adjust the bass -LRB- down ! -RRB- but what do you expect for $ 20 !
 I decided I had to get new speakers because my cell phone caused ear shattering interference with my cheap cyber acoustic speakers . These Logitech speakers do not get any interference , they sound great , and they were cheap . They even came with a subwoofer that sounds pretty good . I highly recommend these speakers for anyone who wants great speakers but does not want to pay an arm and a leg .
 They are really great . Excellent sound and easy to tune for whatever you want to listen to .
 I plugged the Logitech R-20 speakers into my laptop and played D4l-Laffy Taffy . . I was astonished . . !!! The sound is rich and loud , and the woofer provides amazing bass . . Fantastic choice . . !!!
 These speakers are great for the price . I have a hearing problem so maybe I am not getting all of the tones that more expensive speakers would give you but I have to say I am completely satisfied with the sound and the quality of the sound . I would buy them again .
 Well i basically got this for home use and its doing fine . . No doubt its good for its price ...
 These speakers are totally a deal . The quality is excellent and for the price you ca n't beat it . The subwoofer adds a nice touch and does n't take up all the space under the desk .
 Another excellent Logitech product . The sound is smooth and the bass is powerful . My only complaint is playing sounds loudly with heavy bass causes it to become muddy . Otherwise , everything is clearly distinguished , it looks and sounds great , and it 's an overall great set of basic speakers .
 A nice set of speakers for the price . Sound is not as big as my last set , but the quality is better . Overall a great value .
 These are really good speakers for this price range.It has a really prominent bass , so if u mind that these speakers are not for you . Plus there are no control knobs for increasing/decreasing bass or treble.I have used other speakers of this price range and this one has shown the best sound output.So all in all , great for the money !!
 I have to say these speakers are astounding . For such a small price , I feel I got triple of what I paid for ; and I 've been around the block with speakers before . Logitech has yet to let me down , and these speakers only increase my customer satisfaction . Comes with an in-speaker headphone jack and a really nice futuristic design . Everything is well compact and easy to handle . I may even like this better than the Boston brand !
 For a relatively inexpensive -LRB- $ 25.79 -RRB- three-piece PC audio system , Logitech pretty much hit the target toward providing good quality sound .
 the speakers are great ! just be careful with this website , they charge you without stating it on the invoice . when i bought them it said I was paying 15 dollars , but when i received my bank statement they had charged me $ 10 for shipping and handling more .
 These are great speakers for the price . The only reason I gave this system 4 stars is that there is no option to turn off or lower the bass on the sub . This can be somewhat inconvenient depending on what you need them for . Besides that , great system .
 Good speakers for the price . Ca n't bump your trunk on these 26Watt speakers . Have to plug in the woofer so it 's not portable . Otherwise , it 's a good buy .
 While these are no high end quality speakers . For the $ 20 price tag they were a huge upgrade from the speakers that I had originally .
 For such a low price logitech made some outstanding audio , awesome sub and awesome speakers deliver a good sound . i recomend to anyone looking for non-expensive product with outstanding quality .
 The sound is not optimal but for the price -LRB- around $ 25 shipped -RRB- , you ca n't complain . It 's crappy if you do n't use sound EQ , but if you use the one for your sound card -LRB- not iTunes -RRB- , it sounds quite acceptable -LRB- way better than the laptop speakers -RRB-
 For the Money this is a good system . The volume and earphone jack on the right speaker are nice . The sound is decent .
 These were really affordable and work great . I was expecting to get a really cheap , crappy set of speakers for what I paid , but they work really well . I would recommend these .
 i bought these speakers over year ago there are great for the pc excellent sound and lovely bass for movies or music .
 So far I have been very satisfied with these speakers . They provide decent sound quality , and decent volume . The bass is 'n very powerfull so if you are looking to shake the walls dont buy these . Also the bass is a bit boomy , it doeant have a tight sound . The biggest disadvantage is the lack of an external subwoofer volume control , without using an equalizer there is wayyyyyyyy too much bass , and it just sounds terrible . For the price -LRB- I bought it used for 25 bucks -RRB- these speakers are AWESOME .
 I bought the Logitech R20 's because the cheap , tiny speakers that came with my Gateway Desktop had absolutly no bass . The Logitechs have a lot of bass which is unusual considering how small the subwoofer cabinet is . As has been noted the satelites are a little weak . All of the sound appears to be coming from the subwoofer . The tonal balance between highs and lows seems to be relativly pleasing , but a little more high end -LRB- treble -RRB- would be welcomed . For the price -LRB- 27 $ -RRB- I am happy .
 Great sound for the money . The speaker quality is excellent and the sub packs a punch considering its size . Excellent , crisp sound . Movies never sounded better -LRB- especially James Bond movies or concerts -RRB- .
 I bought these speakers for my Mom 's PC . She likes them because the quality of sound is great and it did n't take a lot of work to install them . IT IS FANTASTIC when you buy a gift that is a HIT . MOM is PLEASED what more is left to say ?
 I was looking for cheap speakers and finding a Logitech brand of speakers for such a low price was great . Great bass . Great sound . Great price . I just wish I could control the amount of bass/woofer .
 These little speakers pack quite a punch . they make my whole room shake if I turn them up too high . the sound is excellent though totally worht the money
 The speakers are compact and hide behind my monitor well , subwoofer puts out enough power for the lows to come through . They have been an excellent addition to my system . Nothing flashy , and very functional . The headphone jack helps as does the on/off button on right speaker . Had them up and running in a matter of minutes .
 i bought these to get some cheap speakers to listen to my mp3s , since mp3s suck anyway , and im an audiophile listener mainly to vinyl.much to my surprise , these are the BEST sounding computer speakers ive ever heard . i think because the sub isnt TOO crazy , its so small its just perfect , and the little buggers on the top of the desk have amazing clarity and range of frequency . BEST VALUE SPEAKERS EVER , buy em
 Now as for the person who wrote that the room shook when they turned up the volume on the speakers ... well ... I do n't know if they were living in a room the size of a doggy bag from IHOP but they do n't do that . Over all they are great speakers for the price but I do n't think they are meant for use in a large room . I live in a dorm so these work perfectly because they do not turn up very loud . If you are looking for superior quality and pristine sound then these are n't the type of speakers you need . If you are looking for something simple and basic then these will get the job done . Good job logitech !
 Ideal for a small computer desk . Good Sound quality , and also works well to plug in you IPOD outside .
 It is not bad for the money and as a upgrade for my 10yrs + PC speakers .
 We are so thrilled with this set of speakers ! Excellent sound for the price . . I play music on my computer -LRB- itunes -RRB- and the sound is just right . We live in an apartment so they do n't need to be too loud . If you live in a house and sound volume is not a problem for you then go for something more pricey . For these the sound is nice and full , passes the NIN test . I highly recommend ! Also , they were packaged very well and the shipping was FAST !
 I bought these to hook up to my Sirius Stiletto because I did ` nt wantto spend the money for a matching Sirius boombox , I was amazed that aspeaker system under $ 20 had the quality of sound of these with a decent bass and smooth highs . I would strongly recommend these to anyone whois looking for a system under $ 50
 these speakers are pretty good for the price . My one speaker broke and I needed a cheap replacement for the crackling of the old one that had fallen off my desk . It has a lot more bass than tremble but tolerable for the price .
 The speakers have a really nice full sound . I 'm not sure you can go wrong for the price . They also look really sharp . My only complaint is that there is not a button to adjust the bass . What you have is what you have ; regardless of wanting more or less bass . For myself I do n't really care ; I think the sound is stellar as it is but it really bugs my husband .
 My new Dell desktop came without any speakers so I was looking for a very basic set to use while watching news videos etc. . I ordered these because they seemed to fit the bill . I had no idea that I would be so pleased with the sound . The Subwoofer/amp combination is very compact but the sound really is unbelievable , especially considering the price . There is , of course , no equalizer or adjustments other than volume but for the money , it 's quite a value . I plan to buy a second set to use with my IPOD as a deck stereo .
 These speakers suit my musical tastes perfectly . The killer bass from the woofer is what you need if you 're looking for something to pump out your rockin ' music library , or even the electronic beats . The bass can be a little much for other listeners as seems to be evident from a few other reviewers -LRB- no offense meant , I see where you 're coming from -RRB- , but I see these as having that killer bass AND music clarity all for an affordable price . I 'm actually glad I picked this over the $ 100 + soundstick II 's I was eyeing .
 It was great for travel you ca n't beat the sound for the price.Not super loud but loud enough without getting kicked out of hotel .
 For under $ 20 , I really was n't expecting much . I only hoped I 'd get lucky and they would sound a wee bit better than my last speakers , which were the same price.But they sound great ! If they had been twice the price , I would not have been at all disappointed !
 I was pleasantly surprised how good these speakers were for the price . I had to replace my original speakers but did not want to spend a lot of money . For $ 20 I was glad I did not get sucked into the more money means better quality because these do the job . I have the sub on the floor and the 2 little speakers on each side of the monitor and it sounds great . Buy them and keep some extra money in your wallet .
 This was a gift for a relative and he was very pleased with the set for his laptop . Great price and delivery .
 I needed speakers that use headphones so my kids can play their games on the computer while I watch t.v. . It is working out great . Plus , when I want to listen to music , the sound is clear and it can go pretty loud . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I do n't use the speakers for listening to loud music . I use them for watching TV and various web based stuff and for me this is a very good product . I am a Logitech fan.d
 As other people have said , the bass is a little overwhelming and there 's really no way to turn it down ... but I like the loud bass . The only problem is that I live in a dorm and it bothers my neighbors , so that is problematic .
 AT first I wanted to return the speakers , because the bass sounded awful . After spending some time trouble shooting , I figured out how to adjust settings on media player speaker/base/equalizer options to make the speaker sound better . So now I am happy with them , for the price they are , I would recommend them .
 I 'm a college student , and the only reason I wanted these speakers is because the speakers on the MacBook suck . There speakers were Logitech , which I trust , and they happened to be much cheaper than anything else on the market . Besides , they work fine , I do n't see why anyone would need anything more expensive ... unless you 're looking for surround sound or something ... : -RRB-
 I bought this speakers 2 weeks ago . I like this one because it 's powerful even if it has just passive small subwoofer . That 's incredible . The bass sound is pretty good and the treble sound is not too sharp . I used to have speaker system with amplifier and stationary speakers and a big active subwoofer because I like to listen to musics . I think this speakers is quite great for listening your favourite songs . If your room is not too big , this speakers is efficient .
 This was a great buy . The speakers arrived VERY fast . They were new and wrapped in the original box ! I would reccomend this HONEST seller !!! I would also buy from them again !!!
 What a great monitor for the price ! I recommend this to anyone looking to upgrade their old CRT .
 I found these DVD-Rs after carefully picking my way through the hundreds of choices and brands . With so many DVD formats available on the market , I just needed a no-frills disc that I could use for DVD authoring and playback . These TDK work perfectly in my MacBookPro , and although I 'd rather have a white background instead of the gray , I think they are a dependable product .
 I 've always trusted this brand and never failed me . Highly recommended for the quality of all precious content that would be saved on to these discs .
 I bought these to burn replacement DVDs for my niece , she 's three and though it was a good idea to use DVDs to skate on , they burn with no problems and play fine .
 i have copied many movies with these dvds . the quality of the copies are amazing.i would recommend these dvds to everyone .
 The first two discs failed to burn at 8x . All of them since have been fine , but they were burned at lower speeds . I 've got a brand new laptop with a bluray burner / 8x DVD burner , so I do n't believe the fault lies with the burner . I think the media is n't great at burn speeds over 4x . it is cheap though , so it you do n't mind a 4x burn , go for it .
 I always like using the TDK 's both single and double layer !! I never had a problem with these !! I know that the single layers are becoming obsolete but , I still have a need for them occasionally . Plus , they are very inexpensive !!
 I have a desktop that is not wireless and a laptop that is . With this adapter and a wireless gateway , I now have two computers that are wireless . It does what it is supposed to ! The only drawback is the cradle that is supposed to hold the actual adapter . The plastic is flimsy and too short causing the adapter to tip it over or fall out of it ; in addition , the velcro tape that is supposed to hold the cradle in place with the adapter in it is too small and can not do the job . The adapter is too top heavy and pulls the plastic cradle down no matter where it is located -LRB- I even added extra Scotch tape -RRB- . The cord of the adapter , which is now plugged into the front USB port of my desktop CPR , now dangles rakishly over the top and down the side of it . Next time , I 'll get one without a cord . But it works great !!
 this is the third i 've gotten ... and they 've all worked on linux distros i 've used ... of course they also work on windows ... but if u need one to get wireless working on linux ... get this adapter .
 I never post reviews but I had to post one for this adapter . I currently have a Lenova G550 laptop . The internal wireless card quit working in it so I have been messing with different wireless USB adapters . I currently run Lubuntu 12.04 on the laptop and it has been nothing but a pain getting wireless adapters to work with it . I hate messing with wireless adapter drivers . Well , this adapter is the only adapter I have gotten to work plug n play style . I did not have to use a cd or driver . I have tested it with other Linux distros on other laptops and it works just as well.If your looking for a wireless card that works easily with Linux , I suggest this one .
 I simply plugged it in , and the computer -LRB- WinXP -RRB- automatically found and ran the right wizard.A couple clicks of `` Next '' and that was it!Works great!That was two months ago , and has worked perfectly every day since .
 I do n't normally provide product reviews , but this is an outstanding product . I was going to go with a cheaper mini-dongle style unit , but I decided to go for this model as a family member has one . Not only does it provide great speed and ease of use , but the accessories that come with it are ingenious as well.First , about installation -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- - I had best results using Windows to manage the adapter , and using the Netgear program to merely monitor the unit . You might want to change back and forth to see what gives you best results . Once you get it installed though , it works flawlessly , hooking up to the internet each time you turn the computer on just like an internal card.Now , on to the accessories - this unit comes with a USB extension cord , holder , and velcro pads . This enables you to mount it away from the computer , extending the range greatly for those in a large house . I had trouble getting a steady signal when mounted on the computer , so I stuck the unit on the wall and have had terrific reception.It 's a good product with some great extras - definitely worth the extra expense compared to slightly cheaper options .
 I got it for Danny who lives on second floor so he could get a signal from a WiFi router on first floor . . And it works really good for him Any system will pick this up and use it Linux , MS crap , and MAC
 great card , easy to install , does n't fall apart ; can take being banged around in a laptop bag while biking . Have bought before for my personal laptop and now it 's on my son 's laptop . Highly recommended
 Found this Netgear USB adapter and ordered it . Wow , it is so easy to install and the wireless signal is so stronge . It connected at 54 Mbps most the time . I ordered one after another and have three already . Try it with Windows Vista Home Premium , just in a second it found the driver from my hard drive and connected in few seconds . Very impressive for this adapter .
 Purchased my first wireless adapter to use with MSN TV2 unit . Read the reviews & ordered with some hesitation , as this was my first attempt at wi-fi . Much to my joy , it worked without hesitation . I did make sure , however , that I matched the Netgear brand to my wi-fi router . I connected it , gave it a minute or so -LRB- just in case -RRB- , turned on the MSNTV2 & it worked flawlessly ! Right now , it 's operating in the next room , but have no doubt it will have range through the whole house.Thanks to Netgear !
 I love this little gadget . It works great on windows and it even works well on linux using ndiswrapper ! My unit is a WG111 version 2 and I 'm guessing the unhappy reviewers own the version 1 ? Did I mention it even works on linux ? : -RRB-
 My hobby during the past 12 years of retirement has been breathing life back into older computers -LRB- 335 to date -RRB- and giving them free to disadvantaged kids and their families . In that more and more school systems are coming to rely on the internet , WI FI has become nearly a necessity on computers used by those students . Of late I have needed a reliable , inexpensive dongle with good scabbing range because most of the computers I rework never had that capability . The different versions of the NETGEAR WG111 that have been offered over those years have proven to be exactly what I needed . I have never had a problem with any of the ones I have personally kept and used and have yet to receive a complaint about any of the ones I have given away.The CD that comes with it has managed to make any brand computer WI FI capable that I have installed it in . Also , the generous length cable supplied with the NETGEAR WG111 allows one to `` seek '' the best signal spot -- like back in the Rabbit Ears era of TV . Using a parabolic reflector with the cable and dongle really helps boost the signal for whatever brand of router happens to be in the mix . I found that a dish of about 16 inch dia . with about a 4 inch depth allows the focal point to occur at about the line across the dish opening ; so it 's simple to run a piece of tape across the middle of the opening and stick the dongle to it in the middle . The best reflector I 've found so far is the curved lid from a cooking Wak . A simple way to find the focal point of your reflector dish is
 I 've used a dozen USB wifi adapters and I have got to say , I like this one the most . It has twice the signal strength as my Linksys WUSB54GC and does n't cut off and on like my D-link or Belkin wireless G adapters . It can even pick up routers across the street , so I can surf the net all over my yard.Pros
 I obtained this product secondhand . I bought a used computer on Craigslist.org , and it came with a WG111v3 USB adapter . The seller did n't include the original CD , but I downloaded the driver off the netgear website . The setup was very easy and straightforward . I tried this adapter with a 2007 Dell Vostro desktop and 2005 HP a800n . It works well on both computers running WinXP and even better , it works out of the box with Puppy Linux 5.1.1 and Ubuntu 10.10 . I consistently get 54 mps speeds.I know that this is n't as fast as the newer wireless n adapters , but for web surfing , it 's perfectly adequate for me.Update 7/08/11
 Ca n't beat the price and it works great . I do PC troubleshooting and it 's nice to have an alternate way to connect when the users wireless nic fails or is misconfigured . Nice and small . Very durable .
 I bought this to work with my Tivo , and it could n't have been easier . Just entered the MAC address as one allowed by my router , and followed the directions that came with Tivo . Total installation time was about 15 minutes . Earlier reviewers seem to have a problem using a version of this card that Tivo says will not work . If you are not able to get an older version of the card from Amazon , go to your local retailer and buy one off the shelf , ensuring that the version is correct . You may have to go to a less popular store , but when you get the right adaptor , it 's a breeze to install .
 As many of you TiVo users know , it can be a very stressful event to try to find the right wireless adapter to connect your TiVo to a wiresless network . I , myself , had to search for quite some time and return a few adapters in order to get my TiVo wireless.This adapter worked flawlessly . Plugged it in , it found my network , and voila ... wireless TiVo.This adapter will most likely work for the newer TiVo boxes . I got mine in April 2005 . If you have an older version of the TiVo box , you will have to get the latest software update.This is the adpater you want for your TiVo ... look no further.If you arte confused as to which adapter will work with your TiVo box , check out TiVo 's website for a full list of compatible adapters.UPDATE
 I have this and use it with the matching router . I think if you do not have the matching router it may not be the right item . Many negative reviews , but few if any negatives with people using the matching net gear router . This is in my daughters walk in closet as far away from the router as can be and behind as many walls as in my house and still gets a signal strong enough to work . Just beware if you are using any other router than the net Gear wireless 824 V2 . 4 star because it does disconnect about once a week .
 perfect , this is exactly what i wanted , came brand new , in original packaging , and i havnt had any problems with it , works every time
 A very good product that i w ill recomend to my friends and family and hopfully last long and make futher binesses with v-chomp
 Bought this adapter so I could continue to get programming updates without a landline . Took it out of the packaging , plugged it in , changed the TiVo setting to accept a wireless network , done . That was it . A few clicks on the TiVo remote was all it took . It really could n't have been easier . Highly recommended . Just make sure you have the updated TiVo software so it will accept wireless networks .
 I have to say that these things are pretty sweet . I purchased 3 of these for each of my computers to avoid having to limit myself to just a desktop card or just a laptop card , and to be able to hook up any computer to my home network -LRB- I also do a lot of PC repair -RRB- . I have not finished testing them properly yet though . Right now my router is not in a good location , its hanging from the ethernet cable that connects to the cable modem which is balancing on top of my curtain rod because I need to mount the router in a better location and run some coax cable to the center of the house . But I get about 18-24MBps on one of my PCs and 24-36MBps on the other two . I assume with proper mounting and antenna angling I should be able to get close to the 54MBps range.But as far as these USB adapters , my only real complaint is that WinXP does n't have built-in drivers for them already , just to save me the extra step of having to use the install disk -LRB- I 'm lazy :P -RRB-
 Perfect no complains it woulds exactly how id expect it to be working . with my computer . The other sales of the usb was for my MAC not my WINdows .
 I have had this for over a year , it is used every day and has never once given me a problem . I am not a technical person , so when I say the set up was easy , I mean for the average guy -LRB- or gal -RRB- . My wife got tired of wires all over the place , so I bought the Netgear router and this adapter for the desktop computer my grand kids use when they come over after school .
 I had one of these for my older Dell desktop operating Windows XP . Lost it while moving . Ordered this one as replacement . Husband gave away computer and monitor to charity without my knowledge . Now I have no use for this item . However , if it is as good as the missing one , it is terrific for XP . I paid $ 13.99 on Amazon to purchase but would cost at least $ 8.06 to return so I will try to sell elsewhere ... or will donate to charity .
 This &#34; wireless network card &#34; may not have great range , but IF you are using a computer without a wireless card it IS the simplest plug and play solution .
 I do n't have DSL or Cable modem but dial up connection . I wanted to go wireless with dial up connection and USB adapter was right choice . One Desktop -LRB- WinXP -RRB- & one laptop -LRB- Win2k -RRB- now connected with Ad-hoc -LRB- Peer ro Peer -RRB- way and sharing dialup connection without any problem . One thing you have know that ad-hoc will connect you to 11Mbps only . But I got two adapters for very cheap after mail in rebate at local store.Installation is no big deal . . insert CD comes with adapter and connect your adapter to USB port . Also work if you have USB hub . All in all small , easy to install and carry anywhere you want for wireless connection .
 I 've used my WG111NA with a Series 2 TiVo for six months or so without a hitch . It has pretty good range and reception in my house -LRB- which is , admittedly , small -RRB- and was a snap to install and configure on the TiVo . After six months of continuous , always on operation it has yet to give me any trouble.A word to the wise , however -- you may not want to order this adapter online since it is very difficult -LRB- if not impossible -RRB- to know which version you will end up getting . I tried twice to order two different adapters online and both times got the wrong version . I ended up buying it at a local big-box retailer even though it cost more , just so that I could confirm the version .
 and the netgear smart wizard is easy to use and informativeafter finding several other networks in my neighborhood with the wizard , I quickly moved mine to WEP . Worked 1st time easily.No need to be a wireless or network wizard to use effectively . Very please with the product , and the old -LRB- lower -RRB- price .
 At an inexpensive price I was able to Use a desktop wirelessly . No more wires or extra printers . File sharing made easy with this little gadget .
 I tried two other brands of adapters before this Netgear and it worked flawlessly right out of the box . No dropped drivers , no limited connectative or other issues .
 I bought this for an older laptop my kids use for homework . There were several speeds to choose from and I 've purposefully selected the slowest -LRB- and the cheapest -RRB- one . At 54 Mbps it 's still fast enough for their homework and occasional internet research . It 's very easy to install and comes with a nice configuration panel . It 's easy to use and makes the kids laptop that much more portable . They can take their laptop anywhere in the house and do homework , without having to worry about being close to Ethernet ports and cables to trip over . Good value for the price . The product works as designed , I recommend it .
 I needed a version 2 wg111 to work in backtrack linux . This was not a v2 so i returned and bought a v2 . they both worked great the v3 just has a different chipset than the v2.also they kinda run a little hot .
 at first i had trouble getting this thing to work because i disabled the wireless control program on my laptop and after i enabled it it worked just fine .
 The wg111 wireless connector is a handy little device . We use it to connect a laptop to our wireless router about 35ft away in the next room . The connection is reliable though not terribly fast . The only real downside to the wg111 is that it does run fairly hot , which is likely why its speed is limited . I purchased mine from Amazon after `` testing '' one for a few days from the local box-store retail place . -LRB- I got the connector at half the price on Amazon . -RRB- I do have to say that the newer box-store model ran much cooler and a little faster . It also came with more current software so after I returned it and installed the one I purchased on Amazon the current software was already installed . It installs fairly easily and the included software to monitor the connection is pretty self-explanatory . If you need a reliable , low cost solution this is it .
 To those with the random cutting out of the internet , I think I have a solution for you . I messed around and changed one setting and I have yet to experience the internet cutting out again.I noticed that when the signal cut out and I 'd unplug and plug in my WG111T usb adapter , it was very hot , and sometimes plugging it back in would n't fix the internet unless I restarted the router as well . So ... In Windows 7 : * Right click on your desktop , select `` Personalize '' . * Click Screen Saver , then go to `` Change Power Settings '' . * Click `` Change Plan Settings '' , then click `` Change Advanced Power Settings '' . * Click the + by `` Wireless Adapter Settings '' , then `` Power Saving Mode '' . * Change the option to `` Low Power Saving '' . Mine was originally set to `` maximum performance '' , which is why I think it was overheating and causing problems . I am using the original driver that came on the CD included with the adapter , as I could n't get the v2 driver to work for whatever reason and had to go back to the original.Hope this helps !
 I am very glad and so impressive from the services from fastfriendlyservice.I ordered a NETGEAR WG111 Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter -LRB- 54 Mbps -RRB- sometime last Dec through Amazon . However , I did not receive the shipment even though the record from USPS showed home delivery . This matter remained a mystery for the reason why USPS delivered but I did not receive.I tried but not much hope to resolve this issue since the seller did ship the adapter . Because of that , it is not the seller 's responsibility . However , the seller `` fastfriendlyservice '' sent me emails and saying would like to ship me a replacement . I received the adapter yesterday.I highly applause the services from fastfriendlyservice because of their handling customer issues with professional attitude and trust . Although adapter is a small order , but my on-line ordering with fastfriendlyservice gave me very pleasant experience .
 I ordered this product . It arrived when promised , 2 days later . I plugged it in and it worked . Who could ask for anything more . This is the way things are supposed to be .
 This version of the NETGEAR WG111 software has too many bells and whistles . The original version was simpler to install and use . The next version was more complicated than necessary and this last version is even more so . But they all do a good job and have good range . I 've never gotten one that did not work OK . I 've used them for 4 or 5 years on various computer brands . Even have had good results using them as the pickup for a parabolic reflector for long range Wi-Fi -LRB- AKA Scabbing -RRB- . This last version I received had a much cheaper USB extension cable than the original . One of them did not work at all but I got by in this case simply by plugging the dongle directly into the USB jack . Ca n't be beat considering the price . So far I 've never had one go bad with use -- KNOCK on wood !
 This product is one of the cheapest Wireless USB adapters available . I bought two . Software not included . Requires purchaser go to netgear and download software . I had issues with install on one computer , but I resolved it . Good Deal .
 This piece works just fine , I was going to buy it from Best Buys but after talking to one of their representatives and he metioned that he had one and it was and has been very good and durable for years , my next move was to order it used at a reduced price to receive the service quality of a new one ! I am not disappointed !
 We had a small computer , called a ThinkCenter , and it was too small to hold a traditional wireless adapter . So , we purchased the Netgear USB wireless adapter . It works great ! You can use it to instantly add wireless to any computer that has a USB port , including a laptop . You will not need to open up the computer -- no tools needed . Just plug it in and you are ready to go , wherever wireless internet service is available.NETGEAR WG111 Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter -LRB- 54 Mbps -RRB-
 This particular piece of hardware has worked as advertised . Little sucker runs pretty hot but that does not appear to affect its functioning . It works and has not failed me and that 's all I care about . Ran it on WindowsXP .
 I am between Mac Book Pros and wanted to add wireless to an old iBook with no airport card . A card for this costs between $ US80 and $ US150 . i was about to bite the bullet when I did some research and found drivers for this adapter on the Realtek website , maker of the chipset , http://www.realtek.com.tw/downloads/It works best on PPC Mac right up to the latest OS . I have had no problems . The GUI app from Realtek is not the best designed but for the price its ok . I have used it on a secured and unsecured , and both Mac and PC networks . Be sure to get WG111v2 which uses the chipset from Realtek .
 I bought the Netgear USB wireless G adapter to enable me to network my Tivo Series 2 and take advantage of its home media capabilities . I could not be happier with the Netgear 's performance . Once my Tivo had downloaded new firmware -LRB- its software version 7 is required -RRB- , I simply plugged the Netgear into the USB slot . Boo-bam , worked like a charm . No configuring , no dropped signals . Good throughput . I am using a Belkin Pre-N wireless router . I was a little leery of USB wireless adapters , but the Netgear worked perfectly with no configuration .
 I purchased this product along with the netgear wireless router with 4 ethernet ports , Plugged them both in and worked great from the beginning , Followed the usb 2.0 adapter suggestions to install the cd first and to let the wireless assistant control its connection . Immediately they connected and i was on the internet in seconds.A few weeks later father noticed that we had other persons on our wireless connection so i put in security . And again no loss in connection or speed . I keep my computer on for days at a time and the adapter gets hot but its still going strong . A wonderful piece of technology , I am thinking about upgrading to the Super G or Pre N in the near future if price permits . : -RRB- Oh yes forgot to mention that the initial setup allowed me internet access from behind two concrete walls at a distance of 75ft and a constant signal of 48mbps . Hope this was helpful
 I bought my unit used on eBay about a year ago , so I do n't know how old this really is . It 's been working great , no drops . It works a little hot though.Tip
 I bought the NETGEAR WG111 Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter when I had to relocate my computer to another room in the house , and I did n't want to run a wire from my wireless router to my computer . I had bought one of these for my two grandsons about a year ago , with the same results . They were able to connect to their wireless router from a different room.In both cases , the devices performed flawlessly with no difficulty installing them . The software is user friendly and it works . What more can you ask?By playing around with where you mount the adapter - it comes with a short cable , but I added a 10-foot USB extension - you can maximize the signal strength . I went from about 4 bars -LRB- out of a possible eight -RRB- to six by just moving the adapter about 10 feet closer to my wireless router . I am getting about 17mbps on a 20mbps connection to my cable ISP.The unit itself is quite small - about the size of a thumb drive - and has a blue light which blinks indicating data traffic.Overall , I give this adapter five stars for low price and excellent performance .
 I have an older IBM laptop that required an internet card for access . The card was lost so the laptop was relegated to a pricey word processor and one-person card game ! NetGear saved the day ! Then I discovered I could also turn my second PC wireless as well -- just plug it in and everyone became wireless .
 I 've had the product installed for only a couple of days and it seems to be working fine . I had a little trouble with the installation which is why I marked it down . I had to call the company to finish the installation . I probably should have been able to figure out the problem which was
 It even came with the flexi usb cord and velcro stickers . Works great ... would buy from again .
 previous experience with Netgear products confirmedWould repeat if necessary -- failure of product most unlikely
 This is a great device to replace a laptop wireless card or give a desktop wireless access . The product was easy to install and the wizard quickly located my wireless router and allowed me to connect to it . The whole thing is quite hassle free . My signal is consistently strong since I started using it as a replacement for my internal wireless adapter for my laptop.The only issue I 've had is that the adapter gets really hot and occasionally , after waking up from standby mode the laptop does n't detect the usb wireless adapter . That may be an issue with my computer.Generally , the adapter is an inexpensive and useful product that does it 's job satisfactorily .
 tHE NETGEAR WIRELESS ADAPTER WORKS WELL BUT IS SLOW TO BOOT UP , TAKING SOMEWHAT LONGER THAN OTHER TYPES .
 This is my second Pioneer DVD player . The first one is seven years old and still works fine . I bought this one to use with an LCD TV . The only complaint I have is the delay between the time you push the buttons on the front panel -LRB- not the remote -RRB- and the time it actually responds . Turning it on and off and opening the tray . Other than that a fine product . I like Pioneer electronics ; they beat Sony on price , performance and quality . Buy the HDMI cable from Amazon while you 're at it . The retailers rape you on these cables .
 I use this with a Samsung HLT5687S DLP TV . I was n't sure how the picture clarity would be in comparison to the DirectTV HD feed that I get for the TV . The cost was reasonable , so I tried it . Well , I have not really noticed any difference . I have watched several movies on it -LRB- and they are older ones -RRB- and it looks just like being in the theater . Everything has worked as it should . I have had it a couple of months .
 Great , great DVD player . The set up was very easy , and the digital display is very nice . This player is exactly what I expected from Pioneer and more , and I am very happy with the player . The pictures are absolutely more crisp with this DVD player than my old one , however I am also using an HDMI cable -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- as a connection to my TV instead of the old analog cable . The pictures are not as crisp as BluRay or HD DVD , but it is much , much better than an older DVD player.However , I paid $ 98 for the DVD player , and then saw both Philips and Memorex DVD players with the exact same functionality at Target for $ 60 about a week ago . The good news is that that signals that the BluRay and HD DVD players are coming down in price and driving down the price of the Upconverter DVD players -LRB- such as this Pioneer -RRB- . The bad news is that if I had waited about 2 months I could have paid almost half as much for an excellent Upconverter player that was only slightly poorer quality than the Pioneer .
 I purchased this as I had good results from previous Pioneer products . I watch a ton of DVDs in my house . This has not let me down in the last 6 years that I have owned it . If I ever wear it out , I will buy another one just like it .
 We have been using this player for over a year now , not a single problem with it . We have a very large screen Samsung DLP and DVDs look great on it . Absolutely no complaints , would easily recommend this to others looking for a value-oriented , upscaling DVD player .
 Pioneer dv 400v ... this is amazing how good my dvds look on my 1080p tv . Simply buy this dvd player , then buy an hdmi cable -LRB- buy the least expensive as with digital cables they are all the same , even though monster will do anything to sell you their `` better '' cables , do not fall for it , analog sure but digital no -RRB- , then hook it up to your hdtv , then make sure you set the dvd picture and sound up properly and you are ready to go.It is very quiet running as well , night and day to the sound of my generator , aka the xbox 360 . I got this because I did n't want to use my 360 for everything as this would shorten its life i 'm sure . It has up-convert to 1080p which my 360 does not -LRB- picture and sound significantly better -RRB- , so it was worth 100 dollars or what ever I paid a year plus ago for this player .
 Upscaling is great , but I had one problem , I would have to constantly plug unplug the USB port from my external hard drive to have the player recognize the hard drive . Also take a bit longer than my other Samsung DVD player to load .
 Strengths
 This is a good DVD player -LRB- the best I 've owned so far -RRB- . It functions reliably and actually does do a good job of upscaling - you can actually tell the difference in 1080p unlike most other players I 've seen . When you pick 1080p , you can see the difference in the resolution like you would when you change the resolution on your computer screen . It even has different audio modes/equalization settings -LRB- preset by category like Live , Dance , Pop , etc. -RRB- The only thing is that when you first get it , you 'll hit the power button on the remote a few times not realizing that the command was received because there is no feedback for about 5 seconds or so when it first powers up . I did that the first few uses and then you just automatically remember to remember that it takes a few seconds to light up ... not really that big a deal . Wish it would 've come with an HDMI cable .
 I picked up this DVD player about a month ago . This thing is absolutely fantastic ! I matched this up with my 50 '' Panny plasma and the picture this puts out is crystal clear . Right now I only have it hooked up via component cables set at progressive output . I already have the HDMI cable sitting on the table , I just need to hook it up tomorrow . Cant wait to see the difference between component and HDMI!Following close behind fantastic picture quality is the ability to play any kind of file you can think of ! I 've experienced some players that say DivX certified or can play . avi files but struggle in the process . They are either hit or miss or you have to burn the movies a certain way with your software and use a certain type of blank disc . This player supports everything . I have burned and watched well over 30 movies and have n't had one problem yet ! I used Ashampoo to burn one movie and used the copy to cd option . I was given a choice of VCD , SVCD , or just copy to CD . The last method said it will only play on PC 's but I gave it a shot . The Pioneer played it with no problems . I love this thing!The price on this unit seems very reasonable . My only true concern is that Toshibas HD-A2 HD-DVD player is being discontinued . A few retailers just had huge sales selling them for under $ 100 ! I 'm happy with this player and dont plan on returning it for the HD player , but just a heads up to any potential buyers-there are some great deals out there right now on HD-DVD players !
 I purchased this Pioneer up-converting DVD player to go along with my new 42 inch HDTV . Thus far I can not say enough good things about the player . It handles every media format I 've thrown at it thus far.Most impressive however is the up-conversion quality . I 've seen friends players where the up-conversion leaves a lot to be desired . The picture quality they receive just is n't that clear and not much better than a regular DVD player . However , this player is different . When outputting 1080p -LRB- even to my 720p set -RRB- the image is so crisp . It looks about as close to HD quality as I 've seen from a regular DVD.The USB port on the front of the player is also a great feature . You can hook your iPod or external hard drive -LRB- mine had to be FAT 32 formated -RRB- and play music or certain video files straight through the USB . I cataloged my DVD collection on my computer , so being able to just put them on an external hard drive -LRB- or USB flash drive -RRB- is a great feature for me.For more information on what works in the USB port check out the official thread over at AVSForum.Final word
 I must agree with John H . Why bother spending hundreds of dollars on an hd player or blu-ray when one of them is going to become obsolete soon enough , when I can spend under 100 dollars and get an upconverting dvd player that works great for now . I did try out a cheaper model that was only 50 dollars , but it wouldnt play dvds very well and the dvd menus didnt really work either . I returned that player and got this one on a discount from an open item , and i am very happy with it .
 I bought this item to replace a defective Samsung HD-upscaling recorder that quit reading disks after 4 months . I decided the HD-upscaling was more important to me than the DVD recording ability , so I chose this unit . The 1080P looks incredible on a Sharp LC52D92 , nearly the same quality as 780p cable HD . There are a wide range of video and audio adjustments available . The sound is also excellent - CD 's sound full with a good range of preset eq settings available , and with myself only having only a front l/r/center / sub speaker setup at this time , the virtual surround provides a nice full , home theater sound alternative without installing rear speakers . The USB feature works great too - mp3/wma files sound CD-quality . The only drawback here is that when running a jpeg slideshow with music , the music regularly skips upon pictures changing . Also the USB port does not recognize my Creative Zen Touch player , but that 's minor.Overall , it 's a great DVD player , and you ca n't beat the price .
 This dvd player is everything you want . The response time is incredible . I can navigate through factory and my own burned dvds quicker than my comcast digital cablebox . Plus this dvd player shuts off after 30 minutes if it remains idle . I can fall a sleep watching a movie and not have to worry about wearing the lazer out . -LRB- some dvd menus keep playing over and over and it does n't goto sleep , watch out for that -RRB- If you 're looking to buy a new dvd player look no further this is a great one . You can also plug your iPOD into this -LRB- or any device via USB -RRB- to play your songs through your surround sound setup except it does n't label your songs it will appear in numbers and letters for each song title but still works .
 I bought this DVD player while my top of the line Oppo player is being repaired . I refused to go back to standard def so I bought this Pioneer based on the many reviews I read . In addition , one of the main reasons I bought this over any other one is the player 's ability to play PAL DVDs right of out of the box with no problem . Many of the reviews here hit the nail on the head with this player , so there is no need to repeat them . There are some areas where the player does fall short , but in essence , we are talking an $ 80 player here , not a top of the line model . Having compared this to my Oppo , -LRB- which to my eyes , is the best DVD player out there -RRB- , here is what I think about the Pioneer : Pros : - Reads PAL DVDs no problem , right out of the box - User menu is very intricate and well thought out - Settings for all kinds of TVs and Resolutions - Audio is outstanding -LRB- Coaxial Digital Output -RRB- - Picture quality is goodCons : - No Optical Digital Output -LRB- coax output is outstanding though -RRB- - Picture quality good , but not nearly as good as Oppo players -LRB- cost factor here -RRB- For an $ 80 machine , you can not go wrong with this player . While it does n't rival my $ 229 Oppo player in video quality , it does surpass it in sound . This player , with Coaxial Output only , surpasses anything I 've heard ever , with Optical outputs . Absolutely first rate sound . Video quality is not as good as on the Oppo , but again we 're talking an $ 80 machine here . If you 're not picky , and do n't need or want the best out there , this machine will serve your needs no problem . I watch a LOT of old black and white movies , and this machine does have artifact problems , meaning that you can see all of the digital artifacts in the picture , and it drove me crazy trying to make them disappear through settings , but to no avail . Lots of dots and lines in the picture to be seen here folks . If you do n't mind that , go for this machine hands down .
 I was able to connect thisPioneer DV-400V-KDvd Player 's HDMI out port to mySamsung 920BWLCD monitor 's DVI-D input port -LRB- the 920BW almost the same as the 940BW -RRB- using aKinamax CB-HDDVI 6-Foot HDMI-to-DVI-D Male-Male Gold Plated Cable . Before buying , I was n't sure if it would work , but it has turned out very well.Now I can play DVDs and AVI files using only the player and the LCD monitor -LRB- instead of hooking up my computer -RRB- . My Samsung LCD resolution is 1440x900 , but only the 480P output from the DVD player will display on the monitor - it does n't accept 1080 or 720 input resolutions . It still looks great on my small 19 '' screen . Widescreen DVDs display perfectly on my 16:9 aspect ratio monitor , however full screen aspect ratio DVDs do not display correctly on my lcd . The correct setting is only available on monitors that support a 720p or 1080i/p input signal . Check your individual display to ensure one of the DVD player 's output resolutions -LRB- 480P/720P/1080I / 1080P -RRB- will show up on your monitor/TV/LCD - Pretty much any TV made today.Regarding . avi playback , this unit excels . This unit accepts Flash drives , which are small and convenient , but this unit also accepts external Hard Drives , allowing for a vast audio visual collection to be available with quick access . I have only tried externally powered drives , so I do n't know if a USB powered drive would work . There is a short delay while an . avi loads , Some . avi files do have minor hang-ups on playback , but I have had very good success with video playback . h. 264 files are not supported for playback.JPEG Slideshow Playback is extremely slow and the interface is clumsy . Do n't expect to use that feature . Music playback interface is also a bit clumsy , just do n't expect the world . The biggest drawback is the file menu sorting/scrolling . The menu scroll does not wrap around , and I still have n't been able to decipher how the file names are sorted - ie by name/date/sizePros : Small SizeEasy to use RemoteGood options menu and onscreen with detailed playback information.Handles just about any . avi files -LRB- no h. 264 -RRB- , with only minor playback hang-upsAccepts external hard drives -LRB- only one Partition -RRB- Good Upconversion - Even . avi files look surprisingly good on a 42 '' LCD screen.Cons : Hard to read long . avi file names with only 13 digits displayedFiles are listed in order of write table ? -LRB- not by name/date/size / etc -RRB- Poor Picture slideshow UIMarginal Music Playback UI
 Have had Sony , JVC , and Toshiba in the same price category . So far this Pioneer model is the best.Pros : Great picture and does a good up-converting job.Very good sound qualityGreat remote control , very responsive unlike all Toshiba models.Plays all kinds of discs including Asian and Eropean movies.Excellent playback quality for JPEG pictures.Cons : The `` PLAY '' button on the machine is very small.Response time when turning on is a about five seconds before the `` ON '' light comes on.All in all , highly recommended .
 best picture quality excellent sound and very good aesthetics . price is very low . easy to convert to all region
 Decent quality picture . Menu/option screens linger a bit longer than i prefer . Upscaling is decent but not optimal . You can see some very obvious hazing/fuzziness of distant objects . I would say upscaling quality is closer to a 720p than a 1080i -LRB- but i am no expert -RRB- . Overall , for a model in the $ 50 - $ 70 dollar range i think it is a good buy .
 Simply it is a great DVD and CD player as well . Plays multiple formats with no problems at all . Perfect picture . Power saver . works fast and quietly . Had it for 3 months now , no issues at all .
 No complaints to speak of with this DVD player . I can see some improvement at 720p and 1080p vs my old Philips 480p player but nothing awe inspiring . My Samsung 1080p TV seems to do a great job on its own -LRB- progressive scanning -RRB- . Have n't tried it yet on my Toshiba . The USB drive works perfectly but does not play everything that I throw at it . Using a flash drive , all of my picture files play and most of my short videos too but a few wo n't play at all while some have video but no audio and others have audio but no video . The remote looks fonky but works well and not overloaded with buttons that are never used . The player looks good but I do n't even see it mixed in with a black DVD Player/Rec , SAT Receiver , A/V receiver etc. . I do n't find it noisy at all - I have n't tried it with the sound off but then why would I ?
 Easy enough to work dvd player . Had to fiddle around with the menu to set it to 1080p -LRB- does not start as default -RRB- . Upconverting does improve signal slightly , but its not that amazing . It seems to depend on age of dvd its upconverting -LRB- ie old movies still do n't get the crystal clear/sharp signals of new cgi type movies -RRB-
 Bought this DVD player before Blu-ray won out . It gives a great upscaled 1080p picture using all my old standard DVDs . The DIVx player and picture viewer are nice side features as well .
 Only problem I have with this upconverting DVD is that it does not have as optical output . Had to change my wiring setup for my home theater to accomodate . Better than the Samsung unit I am replacing . Will probably get more units for the other rooms that dont have surround .
 A great DVD player and lots of different DVD formats will play on it . They all load quickly -LRB- 3-5 seconds to read a disk -RRB- as compared to my old APEX model that could take minutes to figure out what the DVD format was . The only small complaint with this Pioneer is that when you hit the power button , the DVD player remains dark and quiet for 6-8 seconds as it -LRB- apparently -RRB- warms up . I have wondered on occasion if I actually did indeed pushed the power button , since the on-response is not immediate . Not a deal killer by any means . Love it otherwise .
 I bought this player about a month ago and find that it really does provide an excellent picture . My only complaint is the lack of a power on indicator . Did someone at Pioneer overlook this potential annoyance ? My work-around is to power on , wait about 5 seconds , press the open tray button , and then set the tv source . Do n't let this minor annoyance stop you from buying this DVD player . If I could , I would have rated it at 4-1/2 stars .
 This was worth every penny spent , plus a hundred more . The upconversion , depending on the source , is brilliant and seemless . For Dvd sources it 's amazing . Xvid and divx completely depends on your source , but it 's played everything thrown at it ; and I 've thrown a lot at it . The USB interface is quite simple and has yet to cause any problems . Buy this player if you 're on the fence about BlueRay .
 I recently bought an HDTV and I needed to upgrade my DVD player to one that has an HDMI output . I 've tried a few of them -LRB- Toshiba , Samsung and Panasonic -RRB- at the price range of around $ 100 and they all looked too cheap or performed poorly . I decided to go with Pioneer since my older players are Pioneer and they never let me down . This player is very solid . It looks expensive and it acts that way too . I love the USB input in the front that lets you watch AVI directly from a thumb drive , and the AVI decoding from DVD 's as well . Highly recommended .
 I bought a 500GB Seagate Freeagent USB drive to go with my pioneer dv-400v-k . The hard disk only spins up when the pioneer is turned on , and configured for USB mode . I have 200 divx movies on the hard disk , and it takes about 20 seconds for the drive to spin-up and index all the files.This unit is not able to play divx files larger than 2GB , which means that I had to break a few files into 2 pieces . It starts playing the next part pretty quickly so this is not too bad.In all , this is a great unit for making a divx jukebox . If this player could play files larger than 2GB , had better fast-forwarding , and had an improved movie selection menu ... it would be absolutely perfect . This player is much better than my philips DVP5982 .
 Not wanting to commit to HD-DVD or Bluray yet I decided to purchase a upconverting DVD player to go with my new HD TV -LRB- finally ! -RRB- . My first purchase was the number one choice of a popular consumer reporting website , the Toshiba SD-5000 . I could not get the Toshiba to work on an HDMI cable with the TV , only with conventional Audio/Video cables . After the lower tech hookup I quickly noticed that it also did n't have a chapter and minute/second counter on the display ! Not satisfied with the product I returned it and purchased a Pioneer DV-400V-K . While forty dollars more expensive it is worth the price difference . Out of the box , plug in the single cable -LRB- HDMI -RRB- , Go to the initial setup and select 1080P and enjoy DVD 's in upconverted format . No it is not HD-DVD or Blue ray quality but it is very acceptable and 300.00 less than the forementioned . I 'll enjoy watching DVD 's on my 120.00 player while the dust to settles in the HD-DVD vs. Bluray battle .
 This was a great deal for under $ 100 . Not wanting to commit to Blu-Ray until the prices come down and the models come out with the latest firmware , I opted for a cheaper upscaling DVD so I can benefit from my new HDTV . I already had an older Pioneer DVD -LRB- normal -RRB- player and liked the features and performance . Both models have nearly identical remotes and they in fact work on both machines . With both Pioneers plugged into my HDTV I was able to compare the two by inserting the same movie into both machines and switching the source on my HDTV.The two noticeable differences are :1 . Slight improvement in sharpness/picture quality with the Upscaling player . Not quite Blu-Ray but definitely better than normal DVD .2 . The older model regular DVD player has black bars on top and bottom of the movies . It is possible to zoom in so that I do n't see the bars with my HDTV remote but the picture gets a little fuzzier when you do this . The Upscaling DVD player , on the other hand , has a crisp picture and fills the entire screen automatically since it 's outputting at 1080p . Both Pioneer models play all my burned DVD + and DVD Dual Layer discs . I have not tried Divx yet on the new model but my old one did not support it . I do n't use Divx at all anyway , I convert everything to DVD format.This model , if you can get it for under $ 100 , is well worth it if you do n't feel like plunging for the $ 400 + that a Blu-Ray will cost right now .
 I ordered this player so I could play DVDs that were in the PAL system . It works great ! Super player for the price .
 This player got excellent reviews and it 's definitely a wonderful player . The upconversion is excellent , the audio output is sensational . The HDMI interface is easy as is the digital audio output . The USB player function is great to display a slideshow of pictures from a USB key or similar.An excellent player .
 I had been looking for a while to upgrade my old Akai DVD player -LRB- piece of junk by the way -RRB- I almost bought the toshiba when I remembered to check on Amazon . I am glad I did . For the price , This Player not only beats most other upconverting DVD players as far as performance , but it also is compatible with almost any type of DVD you put in . I even tried loading a DVD with a foreign system -LRB- PAL , I think -RRB- that does not even work on my computer . It works fine on this playerThe upconversion is also very very good !!! way to go Pioneer and thank you AMAZON !!! amazon is amazing as always !!!
 I previously owned a Pioneer DV-383 , which I modified with Gufiak 's firmware upgrade , which made the player region-free as well as offering a whole host of new options in the GUI . When I decided to spring for a new flat panel TV , the first place I looked for an upconverting player was Pioneer as my 383 never let me down.After some research , I settled on the Pioneer DV-400V-K and I could n't be happier . PAL - > NTSC conversion , region-free thanks to Hakan 's firmware upgrade , USB connectivity for playing media of a flash drive , DIVX playback , upscaling , DVD + / - R support ... . This list goes on and on . They even fixed the ` previous track ' issue that affected the 383 -LRB- When ever you skipped back a chapter on the 383 , it would skip back . However , if you wanted to skip back more than one chapter , you 'd really have to mash the button fast in order for it navigate back two chapters -RRB- Although I rated it 5 stars , I would drop it by 1/2 a star only due to the wait time when powering on the player , etc. . But it 's a small price to pay for all the benefits of this player . Highly recommended .
 Disc load time is pretty quick and the image I get over s-video to my CRT TV is very sharp . The usb port is a nice addition as I can take movies , music and pictures from my computer and display them directly on my television using just a usb stick . Surprisingly , I could also connect my 3G iPod and see all my music . However if you 've ever done this on a computer with the iPod in disc mode you know that the files are all listed by their 4 letter code . This makes it impossible to find a specific song , but works great as a `` shuffle '' mode . I have the sound running to my 5.1 receiver through the digital coax and the Dolby processor doles out some very dynamic sound . All of this in a sleek , black form factor makes for one great little DVD player .
 This Pioneer DVD player works well out of the box . The upgraded signal seems to work but it is hard for me to tell . But the one thing that really does work is that it reads all manner of DVDs which my other DVD recorders would n't do .
 I 'm very happy with the quality and features of this major brand DVD player . It 's funny how many Toshibas , Sony 's , and Panasonic DVD players I 've owned over the years that just were n't true multi-format players . I had to resort to fly-by-night Chinese units to play obscure formats before . This Pioneer plays everything I 've put in it , VCD 's on RW CD 's , DVD+R discs , etc. . Picture quality is quite good on my 60 '' Vizio Plasma although I did have to bump up the brightness level to +13 when using HDMI vs it 's component output . Now that I see that upconverting actually seems to help , I really do n't see the need for BluRay or HDDVD player at this point . Sure , the increased rez is nice with those formats but definitely not missed on a good quality DVD with this upconverting player . AS a side note , I played the `` upgrade game '' once before when I went from records/tapes to CD 's , and this move made a lot of sense . But I wo n't do it again now with DVD 's to another video format and since there is a competing format situation again -LRB- remember Beta vs VCR -RRB- I would implore you folks with a brain to refrain from participating in this mess . We all lose if you do .
 This is a very nice player . It automatically upscales DVDs to the highest resolution and works great with my HDTV . This player is used an average of 8 hours a day and has given me no problems for the 6 weeks I have owned it . I also play CDs on it . I like the HDMI output , which cuts down on wire clutter and delivers a nice picture . Seems to be a good quality unit . Time will tell , but so far I am very pleased .
 I have owned this dvd player approx . 1 month and like it . The only thing is when you go to zoom you lose picture clarity . You are able to go into video adjust to enlarge picture if you do n't want to watch it in widesreen , other than that I have no complaints .
 Lots of people now own high definition TVs -- or are planing to buy one soon . HDTVs give terrific looking pictures on HD TV programs . But what about DVDs ? Once one experiences the outstanding TV pictures which HDTV sets yield when watching HD programs it 's difficult to settle for lower quality pictures from the DVDs we rent or own when played on typical DVD players . The good news is that new upscaling DVD players are now available which can produce HD quality pictures from standard DVDs . This Panasonic is a very good upscaling DVD player at a very reasonable price . If you have an HDTV and enjoy HD pictures from your cable or satellite provider , please do n't settle for a lesser quality picture from DVDs . Do yourself a favor and get a good upscaling DVD player like this Pioneer .
 I like this player ... but I wish it had a clock on the front.No clock ... no time ... is a bummer .
 I 'm no expert , but I like what I see . It was delivered in a timely fashion and actually easier than going to the store .
 This is a nice product ... works as advertised.Pros : Very light weightGood upscalingCan connect an external hard disk with lots of movies and play them via the player without any glitch.Only thing the HD needs to be formated in FAT32.Cons : As others noticed , Power on takes sometime after the pressing the keys on remote . .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . This DVD player that plays absolutely all formats , just as Pioneer tech support had assured me -LRB- I had called them before purchasing this DVD player -RRB- . The player and the remote are very easy to use . The menu is easy to understand.I am usually a very picky buyer/user and I was surprised to not find one thing I did n't like with this DVD player . I highly recommend it .
 I bought this player because the old one would freeze all too often . Figured I 'd spend a few more bucks on a DVD player and see if it made a difference . It does ! No more freezing . As an added bonus , it returns to the previous spot on the DVD even if I remove and re-insert the disc - it remembers up to 5 discs . This alone is worth the price for me . The old DVD player would insist on starting from the beginning and going through all the warnings -LRB- `` do n't exercise on a full stomach '' and so on -RRB- every time I played my Qi Gong DVD . A word of caution though - the machine wo n't display anything for few seconds after you hit the power button .
 I have only had this a day , and probably wo n't use alot of the features , but its good to know I have the option . I wanted it for the upconverting , and even burned dvds look good . The remote is great , and I like the display . And once again , Amazon had an AWESOME price and lightning fast delivery !!
 This thing is awesome!I had a normal pioneer dvd player and it was good , i got this one and it upconverts , just fine ! 1080p baby!I have a 50 ' Samsung DLP and the picture looks very good!Dont hesitate if you have a big screen !!!
 I will keep this short . Pioneer has struck gold with a player at this price . My player is very quiet and the picture quality is great . I am very happy with this purchase and will buy more Pioneer products in the future .
 You get a new HDTV what 's the first thing you got ta buy ? A new DVD player , of course . We will wait for the high-end -LRB- Blue Ray/HDDVD -RRB- to sort out the winner but wanted HDMI output for the combined video/audio in one cable and the promised better quality of both . This Pioneer DV-400V touts its `` upscaling '' capability but to be honest I do n't know if the great clear , clean picture we are getting is indeed better than a progressive scan image or not but we are more than happy with the results . This thing plays about every disk format I ever heard of and has a USB input if I want to download video -LRB- including a whole movie on a thumb drive -RRB- and play it on the HDTV . Dolby tuner/amp is next .
 Plugged this in to my Sony 46XBR4 and was surprised how esay it was to setup , in the menu I selected 1080p output -LRB- you have the option for lower res -RRB- and checked the tv display during playback and full 1080p . Looked great ! I watched ' 007 Casino Royale ' No blur during fast motion and the black was true and with detail in the dark scenes . I needed exactly one HDMI cable to get both audio and video . -LRB- Rosewill v1 .3 cert HDMI 15Ft . for $ 24 @ Newegg . com -RRB- The response time on the remote is a little slow , however with the player off you can press play and 5 ~ seconds later it plays the disk.The only issue I had was not with the player ... the Sony LCD has a special feature which lets you control certain HDMI devices from within the TV , this feature I can not use because the player is not Sony equipment . No loss , I just set the input to HDMI and the player is working . Overall I think that this player is a great choice . I 'm sitting out the Blu-ray vs. HD-DVD war . Good luck and happy shopping .
 I purchased this off amazon a few weeks ago and love it . It plays all the divx movies and DVD formats I 've put in it . The remote is comfortable and easy to use as well . The USB connection is a great feature and it wow 'd my buddies when they saw that we were watching a movie in divx , they though it was just a DVD.Very good product , I 've had no issues with it .
 In the last week , I 've gone through a Toshiba SD-5000 and a Philips DVP5982 DVD player . Both had their serious flaws and had to be returned . The Toshiba had audio-sync issues with DivX files . Plus it the display on the machine itself does n't display the current time of the movie.The Philips stuttered horribly on DivX files even though it was `` DivX Ultra '' certified.The Pioneer solves these problems and is clearly superior to these two other machines . I should have known ... the old DVD player we are replacing is 8 years old and is a Pioneer . Served us very well , but it was time to upgrade to a model that has progressive scan , HD Upsampling , and DivX playback . Plays everything great including the same DivX files that the other 2 machines struggled with . The User Interface is much much better . The machine also operates faster ... boots faster , menus are snappier , etc. I highly recommend this Pioneer .
 I have a very good experience with my old Pioneer DVD player , that 's why I decided to purchase Pioneer again . The color and audio reproduction is very good for the price range . You also get top notch USB and DivX support . It 's not free of faults , however . Let 's go over the Pros and Cons : Pros :1 . Excellent color reproduction -LRB- Sony DVP-NS77H has more vivid color however , but Pioneer 's is by no mean less admirable -RRB- 2 . Excellent audio output for its class3 . Well-designed remote4 . User setup is very comprehensive for its class5 . USB port -LRB- your flash drive must be formated in FAT file system -RRB- 6 . Plays a very impressive numbers of video/audio formats -LRB- DivX , MP3 , WMA , burned DVDs/CDs etc -RRB- 6 . Excellent value7 . Automatically switch to proper screen size -LRB- DVDs -RRB- 8 . Energy Star compliantCons :1 . No Toslink S/PDIF -LRB- Digital optical sound -RRB- 2 . Low-quality optical drive3 . Has problem reading scratched/warped VCD/DVD4 . No LED power-on indicator near power buttonThat last problem can be annoying . It does n't read anything more than a minor scratch . I would think it 's due to the cheap optical drive it uses . I tried Sony DVP-NS77H , and it was no better , however . Only the expensive Toshiba HD-XA2 was able to read my Contact DVD reasonably . It 's not the only DVD that gave me the problem.Since nowadays DVD players -LRB- HD and newer SD models -RRB- have long boot up time , and it takes about 10-second to boot up this one , having no power on indicator is a problem . You can see Pioneer 's logo on the TV screen , but no LED lights or display on the console itself to tell the user it 's on.Remote is excellent . I wish it 's slightly heavier , instead of light-plasticky , but it 's very well designed . Everything the user would use frequently is right there near the middle where your hand is locked in by the notch in the back . You do n't see good remotes nowadays that come with cheap DVD-players often . No backlight , however , but it 's intuitive enough.It has no Toslink -LRB- Optical audio cable -RRB- , but the Coaxial audio -LRB- the one that looks like RCA -RRB- is excellent . It 's the best audio quality I 've heard from a DVD player that costs only $ 99 . The setup screen gives you everything you need to tweak . It 's comparable to my Toshiba XA2 , but that one is a top-of-the-line HD-DVD player !!! You can select upscale resolution as well as more advanced stuff like picture colors . I disagree with people who think the menu is difficult to use . It 's no harder than most newer DVD players . It has a lot of features that can overwhelm users however , but that 's what manual is for -LRB- it 's not an excellent manual , but one can get most information out of it -RRB- . I upscaled my regular DVDs , and the output is amazing ! You do n't even have to touch the DVD player 's color/hue settings -LRB- and it 's advised you should always change those with your TV 's controls with a color tuning DVD , such as Avia or Digital Video Essentials -RRB- . The SD DVDs ' output is almost as good as HD DVDs ' . All upconverted video signal does not allow the pass through of CC signals -LRB- the TV close caption , not the DVD subtitle -RRB- . If you need that , you 'd have problem . I suggest you connect both component video cables -LRB- at 480i -RRB- as well as HDMI -LRB- at upconverted resolution of your HDTV monitor -RRB- , so if you need CC , then use component video output and that should solve the problem -LRB- though of course , you 'd see the video at a lower resolution -RRB- . I have a Sony 50A3000 SXRD HDTV , and if you have something similar , I suggest you turn off all the motion enhancement features -LRB- there are three of them hiding in Video Options -RRB- . If you do n't , upconverted video signal compounded with motion enhancements will cause some funny distortion near the edges of display -LRB- look like fishbowl effect -RRB- . My Toshiba XA2 for some odd reason , does not adjust screen size automatically so the entire picture will fill up the 16:9 screen . This much cheaper model does ! You do n't know how much time you can save with such convenient feature , you literally do n't feel it -LRB- until you are deprived of it , of course -RRB- . Overall , I believe it 's the best upconverting DVD player you can buy for under $ 100 .
 This review is for the Pioneer DV-400V DVD player.I compared the Pioneer DVD player to the Panasonic DVDS53K , Samsung DVD-1080P7 and the Toshiba SD-6000 units . All four DVD players are of the `` upconverting '' type , where the upconversion is to a maximum of 1080p nominal definition . In the stores I looked , all four DVD players were listed at more or less the same price at the time -LRB- perhaps a $ 10 difference between some -RRB- . The first test involved hooking up the Pioneer , Samsung and Panasonic -LRB- via HDMI cables -RRB- to two of the same 19-inch wide-screen LCD televisions . The next test involved connecting the Pioneer and the Toshiba -LRB- again using HDMI cables -RRB- to the same 50-inch plasma TV . -LRB- The settings in the three DVD players were left at their default values in the first test , and somewhat optimized for the two in the second test . -RRB- Samsung makes great audio video products but the picture produced by the DVD-1080P7 was a little blurrier than with the Pioneer or Panasonic . It was very noticeable even on this smaller screen TV -LRB- I believe the difference would be exaggerated on larger 50-60 inch screens -RRB- . The Panasonic had a pretty good picture and impressive sound , and it has the best remote of the four -LRB- comfortable to hold and very easy to see the buttons -RRB- . It only lagged behind the Pioneer because of the display colors . With the Pioneer , the colors on the screen appeared a tiny bit richer and deeper -LRB- but take a look for yourself since it was somewhat difficult to see the difference on these smaller TVs -RRB- . I was interested in the Toshiba SD-6000 because it apparently has an excellent Digital Picture Zoom -LRB- useful if you want to enlarge unusually wide aspect ratios -RRB- . Yes , it does have an excellent three-level zoom feature -LRB- the picture stays quite clear when enlarged , a huge improvement over the Pioneer -RRB- . At first , I was biased towards the Toshiba , since we already owned the older , interlaced 480i SD-2800 model which we really liked . However , you can only make very limited picture and sound adjustments with the SD-6000 and you will not be able to come very close to what you can get out of the Pioneer . And , on the Toshiba remote control , it is much more difficult to see/identify the buttons than on the Pioneer.The Pioneer allows you to fine tune all kinds of settings via the user-friendly menus , and this was a big plus to me . The Panasonic has pre-set picture modes and a little less flexibility in setting other picture and audio elements.Also , the Pioneer has a fully functional USB input on the front panel -LRB- however , I do n't know if this input can handle high-power USB devices -RRB- . You can get excellent picture and sound out of the Pioneer . With some DVD movies , it is truly amazing!For our purposes , the Pioneer DV-400V was the best choice . -LRB- I would place the Panasonic as a close second . -RRB- A big drawback on the Pioneer -LRB- to me -RRB- is the picture zoom . You have the option of 2x or 4x magnification -LRB- you can even zoom-in on a section of the picture by moving the cursor , to some extent , to the desired general area of the screen -RRB- , but the picture becomes very blurry at either level and you will not want to use this feature.Another problem with the Pioneer is the SLOW response each time when you turn the unit on -LRB- either using the Remote or pressing the button on the main unit -RRB- . You never know if you have pressed the on-button correctly . -LRB- It takes about 5 seconds to actually see in the display that the DVD player is on . -RRB- Also , many of the other buttons on the Remote are slow to respond -LRB- and inconsistent at times -RRB- as well.Also , the print/font in the paper User Manual is very pale -LRB- other than the bold headings -RRB- and you may have trouble reading it -LRB- but , an on-line version is available from Pioneer 's website -RRB- .
 After the purchase of my HDTV , I found the quality of my old DVD player to be abysmal and started shopping around for a DVD player that upconverts . I ended up torn between this product and the Samsung DVD-1080P . Because of limited reviews on the Pioneer product -LRB- I could only find one -LRB- albeit glowing -RRB- review about this product at the time -RRB- , I chose the Samsung -LRB- which is my TV brand -RRB- as there were more reviews of it -LRB- although some of them were bad -RRB- . The first time I used the Samsung product , it froze completely and had to be unplugged for an extremely disruptive period of time . Over the next few days the Samsung player froze several more times . Then after a few days break , I tried again to watch a movie with it . The Samsung player had lovely , pristine picture but halfway through the movie it started skipping and showing the movie frame by frame - tried to pause it -LRB- no go -RRB- and then shut it off when , yet again , it froze and would n't do anything . The stupid Samsung DVD player would n't shut off for two days , and I was n't about to go behind my entertainment center and unplug it yet again . -LRB- note
 Other reviewers have discussed various attributes of the Pioneer DV-400V DVD player
 Wow!I just got a 42 '' LG LCD 1080p tv , and really did some research looking in to upconvert DVD players . I was all set to go with a Samsung unit , but then I saw this Pioneer player at Best Buy . Now one of the BIG selling points for me -LRB- besides the 1080p upscale -RRB- was that I wanted a unit that was DivX compatible . What I liked about this unit was that it 's officially DivX certified , and has USB ports . I put the Samsung down and picked this one up instead.Again , WOW ! The picture quality is great , and I love , love , LOVE the DivX playback . As a test I burned a standard 4.7 GB DVD-R with like 20 DivX format TV shows , and loaded it into this player . It played through each show with no problems ! As a second test , I took a 4.7 GB DVD+RW and burned 8 feature-length DivX movies on to it , and fired up the Pioneer player again . On the DVD+RW , I noticed an occasional stutter effect , but picture quality was great , and the stutter really had no lasting impact on the playback of the movie.I highly recommend this Pioneer DVD player ! My 5-disc DVD changer is getting no use these days !
 I love Pioneer so I was biased already , but the picture this produces on my HDTV is incredible . My only complaint is that it does n't have an optical out but that is my fault for not reading the specs closely . I do wish Amazon provided good photos of both the front and the back of electrical components on all items . My HDMI cables are on the way , so hopefully that will take care of the optical out problem to get audio to my tv and also receiver .
 I 've had this player for a couple of weeks now and am quite pleased overall with its performance . I have it connected to a Toshiba Model 37HL67 HDTV via a $ 12.25 `` Cables Unlimited '' HDMI cable -LRB- also from Amazon -RRB- and to a Yamaha RX-V430 receiver via the audio coax . Although my TV is only 720p , after some experimentation , I set the player 's HDMI video output resolution to 1080p and find that the picture quality , even from my oldest legacy DVD 's , is truly awesome . Audio performance is also excellent on CD 's and DVD 's alike , but especially on DTS encoded DVD 's . The remote control and on-screen menus are well-designed and are generally intuitive and easy to use . One very minor complaint is that the playback mode settings are available only on the on-screen menu , so if you are listening to a CD , for example , and want to switch to random playback , you have to turn on the TV and change the settings there.The included USB port is a plus on this player , but may be of somewhat limited utility in practical application . It would not recognize my Sansa MP-3 player -LRB- only allows FAT 16/32 format -RRB- but did a great job of playing back JPEG files from my Fuji digital camera and WMA music files from a flash drive . I would n't necessarily go out and buy this player for the USB feature alone , but it 's nice to have and may come in handy some day.All in all , I would say that the Pioneer DV-400V is an attractive , full-featured player that performs very well and is a good value for the money . I would recommend it highly .
 I Purchsed this player about 1 month ago ... . and I am happy with it . It works great , doesnt overheat , resumes where dvd left off , if I stop it . It is very easy to hook up , the Set up if very user friendly . The owners manual really helps with audio/video adjustments . You have the option of changing many audio/video settings to get your movies to look and sound better than before . Who needs blue ray and HD DVD , not me . This player really makes the 480 DVD look like 1080p , check it out for yourself .
 I was at the store for 2 hours trying to decide between Samsung , Panasonic , Sony and Pioneer . I have always owned many Pioneer products and so I went with this one , one of the reasons was an easy remote to use in a dark home theater and for the 1080p upscaling . I 've seen alot of upscaling players at this price perform , but when I got home and saw this on my 150 '' tv with my 1080p projector , wow , this comes close -LRB- but does not match -RRB- the best expensive upscalers . I am very happy with this product . I wanted the Pioneer dvd recorder , but unfortunately most dvd recorders are only 1080i . Highly recommend .
 I figured I 'd wait until the movie studios and electronics companies pick a winner in the HD battles . This works great with my old DVDs and my new 1080p LCD TV . For less than $ 100 bucks I 'm very happy .
 I bought this Pioneer DV-400-k because of the reviews and price . The picture is clear and the unit is easy to use.Bryan
 Great product at great price -LRB- 69.99 with free delivery -RRB- . I recently purchased a panasonice upconverting dvd player and although the video , remote on that player is great the build quality is sub par compared to this player . glad to have this dvd player after having great experience with pioneer laser disc back in the day . usb input a huge plus . Great video . Do n't hesitate .
 This is another fine example of why I always recommend Pioneer DVD Players to others . I have tried dozens of DVD players in the past and none of them EVER measure up to the Pioneers . This like other Pioneer players has great features like
 This is a great upconvert DVD player . Set-up was easy and although the picture is n't Blu-Ray quality , it is far better than standard DVD . I would highly recommend this for the interim until Blu-Ray 's come down in price .
 It was a nice buy . Specially the resume feature which memorized the movie when you stopped it . Even after the power is turned off .
 Got this in a hurry when our old DVD/VCR player died . Amazing how much smaller the new machines are -- this has a small footprint and is only a couple inches tall . I guess I 'd just keep that in mind when you figure out where to put it -- if you 're filling a taller opening -LRB- like I was -RRB- , it will sit right at the bottom . On the other hand , you might be able to double up , I was able to put our cable box and this new DVD player in the space that just used to hold my DVD/VCR . A couple design issues
 Does everything it claims . I especially like the resume feature and the usb port . If you are watching a movie , and fall asleep , the unit shuts off . Later , reinsert the DVD , and it plays from where it left off . My previous system required me to hunt where it was.I can plug my USB flash drives into the unit , even my Sansa Express MP3 player , and play my music on my home theater system . So far -LRB- after 1 month -RRB- no problems.The upconverting works fairly well , but some artifacts are apparent.This is a good system until the Blue Ray prices drop .
 I 've had this dvd player for almost two months and it has been great . I bought it largely because it had divx capabilities but as a whole it performs better than any player I 've had . Divx movies look great so those wanting to play these files should definitely consider purchasing this model .
 It 's everything I wanted.It plays dvds and dvd-r 's just fine.I did n't really notice a dramatic change in picture quality , but enough to say it 's a good buy . I had a regular sony before that worked great but the picture was n't as clear . I mainly bought this one over the sony ns77 because it has a usb port and it was $ 10 cheaper.Plus sony is so basic ! This Pioneer has everything that has and way more for less .
 I was looking for a reasonably priced upscaling DVD player with HDMI out . I found this one , and it had a USB input that allows you to play audio and divx encoded video . I was n't sure how useful that would be but I have played video over it once and it came in pretty handy . Someone said you can even plug in an iPod but it 's only good on shuffle since the songs have strange 4 character names . I have n't actually tried that.The upscaling looks very good . I would recommend this unit highly .
 THIS IS A GREAT DVD PLAYER . IT IS BY FAR THE BEST I HAVE EVER OWNED . THE PRICE IS VERY REASONABLE . EVERYONE RATES IT VERY HIGHLY .
 Great way to have HD quality without spending it on a $ 300 HD DVD player it plays in 1080 format just as good as true hd .
 This product is not bed , but it does n't play HQ-video . But get real i had Toshiba and Avayon Divx player they do n't play some stuff either . But Pioneer works better.With evrithing else it plays well.All of my videos in Divx and Xvid it plays good.Next my Divx player most likely will be Pioneer .
 Best overall DVD player package on the market!This DVD player plays a large varied of file formats and international formats . I have played DVDs from Australia , China , and Japan , however , some people have said that they found 1 dvd in their international collection that doesnt play and then they cry and rate this product bad ... The usb connection works great and I have had no problems with my Kingston Data Traveler . Some people have complained that it does not work on external usb hard drives that get their power from the usb conection . It works with flash drives and the usb external drives that have a power connection into a wall socket . Again they gave this product a bad rating b/c it doesnt power hard drives ... The picture quality is great and I have seen it improve the picture even for movies and shows that I have downloaded . The upconverting is to 1080p , which most only do to 1080i . In consumer reports this player was rated low b/c it does not do a good job upconverting DVDs of concert events and TV shows . I watch mostly movies and it 's great for downloaded material instead of watching it on a computer monitor.Sound is through a coaxial cable instead of optical , which is my only complaint , HOWEVER , it only matters really matters if you are playing a HD DVD and since this is n't and HD DVD player it 's ok .
 This player is great . Picture quality approachs true HD DVD . Great value , easy to use . Very happy with this product .
 Purchased this for a fun party decoration - attached it to a utility clip light to give a pink glow to the room . Material was of good quality , consistent color and was exactly what I was expecting !
 The burner is working well so far . Can write a 74 minute cd from the hard drive in less than 8-9 minutes . The Sony CD Creator software is not very versatile , I would recommend purchasing another cd software -LRB- preferably Adaptec -RRB- . You need to know how to install a SCSI Adapter Card in to a PCI slot in order to connect the burner . Some knowledge of hardware installation is definitely needed for SCSI products .
 As other reviewers have noted , there are some issues with this CD burner , most notably , with software and drivers -LRB- plus , installation - but that applies to all internal SCSI hardware -RRB- . To its defense , this burner WORKS
 this mini hub works great . I have my web cam & printer connected with it & have had no problems at all . It is self-powered which means one less cord to have to deal with .
 I just had too many USB things to plug into my new iMac - mouse , printer , camera , scanner , phone charger - and needed an extension so I would n't have to keep changing out cords . This works great . It 's very light , that 's true , but not an issue for me . The case is just silver-colored plastic . It just kind of sets wherever it wants to behind the computer and out of sight . Works flawlessly .
 Love this item . It was plug and go ! No problems - nice and easy and a great price .
 not much to say except that it works great ! I 've been using this for over 3 years and have never had any problems with it .
 Good value for the money . I plugged it in and it works . It 's unpowered so I use it only with devices that have their own power sources , i.e. , printers , powered external drives , etc. . Not sure how it would work with devices that require some USB power , notably unpowered external hard drives .
 Works great . Simply plug & play . I connected it to another 4 port hub that is powered . Everything that I 've plugged in works perfectly .
 I use this at school so after I unplug my laptop to store securely for the night I only have to plug in one usb connector the next morning to get going . The hub is small , fits well on the desk , and has so far worked without fault .
 Excellent service and price . Very Orden and full shipped . Excelent presentation . Good work . Its very nice item . Full services and Very type .
 Check this one out . It is nice , slim and shiny like a silver box with FM radio .
 The weights did exactly what they were supposed to do . I did not have to use all the weights . Just follow the guidelines that come within the box and it will be perfect .
 I used the weights for snorkeling and the camera stayed comfortably in my hand .
 Works well . Camera case becomes bouyant -LRB- or sinks -RRB- . Be careful and hold on to it .
 Canon Compatible Models : PowerShot A10PowerShot A100PowerShot A20PowerShot A200PowerShot A40PowerShot A510PowerShot A520PowerShot A60PowerShot A610PowerShot A620PowerShot A70PowerShot A75PowerShot A80PowerShot A85PowerShot A95PowerShot S1 ISPowerShot S200PowerShot S230PowerShot S30PowerShot S330PowerShot S40PowerShot S400PowerShot S410PowerShot S410 Coach Edition Gift SetPowerShot S45PowerShot S50PowerShot S500PowerShot S500 Coach Edition Gift SetPowerShot S60PowerShot S70PowerShot S80PowerShot SD100PowerShot SD110PowerShot SD500PowerShot SD500 Coach Edition Gift SetPowerShot SD550PowerShot SD600PowerShot SD630PowerShot SD700 IS *** NOT COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER MODELS ***
 With these weights I was able to send my Canon Powershot S70 to the bottom of the Atlantic , and I have great faith that they will keep it there . Reliable , and more professional than a brick .
 The Canon underwater housings are designed to protect your camera from the elements , whether they are sand , rain , pool , or ocean . For use on the beach , while snorkeling , or taking shots of your kids in a pool there is little or no need to worry about the buoyancy of your camera housing . If you free dive or scuba dive you do not want your camera housing floating out of your hands . These weights are an easy way to adjust the buoyancy of your housing . The kit comes with four weight plates so you can fine tune your housing 's buoyancy . I prefer a heavier setup and have added an extra plate compared to what was recommended by Canon . I 'm very happy with the setup and they are very easy to use .
 The weights worked wonderfully but there were three things I 'd like to point out before singing it 's praises .1 . -RRB- As I was diving with the camera , the weights eventually worked themselves loose and had to be tightened about every 2 dives .2 . -RRB- The main screw that holds the weights together and on the camera -LRB- and that kept working its way loose -RRB- was the part that rusted , despite regularly soaking it in fresh water and drying it after diving .3 . -RRB- I met at least 4 other people with a canon underwater housing and only one other had weights for their camera . Everyone else said they did n't really need them . As for the two of us that had the weights , we only used two from that pack of 4 and the weighted case bumped off of stuff because it was dangling below , rather than hovering with me .
 I got these for the case I purchased for my 700 IS and the most useful thing in the box was the manual . It tells you how to find out how many weights your camera model requires -LRB- which in my case was none !!! -RRB- So while these weights work great if you need them , make sure you do before you buy . Look around for Canon 's underwater photography guide which should help clue you in .
 Sorry for the guy who sent his camera to the bottom of the Atlantic , but this product is great when you read the instructions ! The camera case shows the weight configuration needed to make it and your camera neutrally bouyant - when tightened it stays on great and the camera does NOT sink . The weight kit is a great addition for those who are really going to use the case diving . I did 6 dives and it was great !
 I purchased an optional weight kit for my WP-DC80 Underwater Housing -LRB- for Canon SD550 -RRB- . Following the instructions to make the camera and housing neutrally buoyant , I attached one of the weights to the tripod attachment spot on the botton of the housing . It worked perfectly .
 I added two of the weights to the housing for the sd700 and the camera was a little negatively bouyant , which is my preference . I 've seen a few complaints that the screw loosens while using so I decided to try something that worked great . Take a small peice of plumbers tape and wrap the screw 2 or 3 times before tightening it up . I used the camera like this for 5 days of diving and never once had to tighten the screw .
 Until I had to give up scuba diving and underwater photography for health reasons , I had a Canon Powershot G10 camera housed in a Canon WP-DC28 Waterproof Case . I used the camera as-is with no external strobes . The rig was noticeably buoyant , so I added weights from the Canon WWDC1 Weight kit -LRB- usually three -RRB- . The weights worked fine for me . For maintenance , I removed the weights and the attaching screw after every day 's diving and rinsed them in fresh water . I towel-dried the screw and worked a smidge of o-ring grease into the threads to prevent corrosion.I 've had the weights for four years , and they 're still in excellent condition .
 I have a Canon A720 IS and followed the instructions for the number of weights . Took it to the pool and watched it gently and slowly sink to the bottom . I removed one weight and it now has a slight positive buoyancy which is what I wanted -LRB- although I wish it was little less -RRB- . Before using this product my Camera was pulling at my arm through the whole dive always pressing me to get to the surface , now it only gently tugs .
 Great products , the weights added provided perfect boyancy for my underwater camera and housing !! Should be good to go for scuba diving in Bonaire and Curacao !!
 These weights work well . The only reason I 'm not giving it 5 stars is that the screw must be tightened securely or it will fall out underwater . This was my experience . A replacement screw was easy to find at the local hardware store , but of course it was not as nice as the original thumbscrew . I just wish a small tube of removable waterproof threadlocker was included .
 If you have a waterproof case and are going diving - get these weights . It 's much easier to dive w/o a postively buoyant case . Use Canon 's recommended number of weights for your camera and it 'll be nearly neutral . You 'll still want to tether it to your BC in case you drop it , but moving it around underwater is much easier when it 's neutrally buoyant than postively .
 its a nice way to keep you camera from floating away . just put enough weight to keep it boyant and you dont have to struggle with you camera underwater
 The camera and case are too boyant without it . I found it helpful b/c I didnt have to hold on to the camera at all times without it floating up .
 Worked good but like previous reviews . Watched for it to loosen and kept it tight . Noticed after one dive it was loose so I tightened it .
 Sinks a camera as advertised ; cool , huh?Some things just do n't need reviews , do they ?
 I recently used these weights with the underwater case WP-DC31 for my Canon PowerShot SD780 IS . I went on a total of 12 dives with the camera and it seemed perfectly weighted although I never tried the case without the weight to see if there was a difference . I only gave these weights 4 stars because of the difficulty I had figuring out how many weights I should use . The website listed on the documentation was a dead end so I had to search for the proper website . I found it at the bottom of the following page -LRB- take out the spaces -RRB-
 What more can you say other than they are made of metal and they weigh stuff down . Required only one of the 4 included weights to make my WP-DC5 for my SD700 neutrally buoyant . Does exactly what it 's supposed to.Screw the weight in tight and tighten with a coin or something , this probably could work itself loose over time , but as long as you check it after each dive I doubt it could come completely loose that quick .
 These are great but not really feasible if you plan on using an external strobe with your u/w housing and weights -LRB- at least with my Canon and Sealife Strobe -RRB- . I still have n't found the right solution yet . But without the strobe , they work great .
 It takes a little practice but is easy once you know how to use it . I recommend the weights sold seperately . Four weights come in the package with one being not quite enough and 2 weights probably too much . I used 1 wt . and it works better than 2 .
 I added the proper number of weights for my WD-80 case and was surprised it made the case not neutrally , but negatively bouyant . Meaning , if you drop it the case sinks to the bottom and not float to the surface . The negative was n't great -LRB- or a drag while finning forward -RRB- but I was nervous especially on the wall dives over the deep drop-off -LRB- 600M -RRB- . I think I will remove so it 's positive for future dives .
 These little weights are made of high quality stainless steel . They are a bit expensive , but are well worth it if you 've ever gone diving/snorkeling and have something extremely buoyant tied to you . This set comes with all you need to achieve neutral buoyancy for your underwater Canon camera case .
 I used all 4 weights on my camera -LRB- Canon Powershot S1 IS -RRB- case and it just kind of bobs around in front of me . Very nice neutral buoyancy and I 'm not too worried about it floating away . Although I did find a set of these weights in a reef off Catalina once so be sure the screw is tight .
 Appropriate system to balance the weight of your canon weather case . You can decide of the number of weight you want to fix , 2 , 3 or 4 .
 I have used Lumicon 's Oxygen III filter for many years . The Veil and Helix are very dim and hard to find without the filter , but pop out with extremely bright detail when using this filter . I have used this filter with my 20-inch reflector , but it works well with any size scope . You will get fantastic views of M57 -LRB- the Ring -RRB- , M27 -LRB- the Dumbell -RRB- , M17 -LRB- the Swan or Omega -RRB- , M8 -LRB- the Lagoon -RRB- , M 44 -LRB- -LRB- the Great Orion -RRB- , as well as hundreds of other nebula . I have used used other filters like the ultra high contrast , but the oxygen III reigns King !
 I love the O-3 filter for nebulas . I have the O-3 in 1 1/4 '' and when I first got it , I was amazed how much it brought out diffuse nebula and planetaries . It was like having several more inches of aperture . A good example was the Veil Nebula . In my 16 , '' it brought out extreme detail compared to the regular view through the eyepiece.When I got my set of 2 '' Orion Q-70 eyepieces , I needed a 2 '' format filter . After using several deep sky filters besides the O-3 in the 1 1/4 '' format , I knew that the O-3 was the only one worth the bucks in large format , except for maybe the H-Beta . This filter is amazing . I 've only had a chance to use it one time this February 2008 , and through the 38mm Q-70 with this filter , the Orion nebula looked almost 3-D . In fact , the swirls and festoons went way beyond the 70 degree field with the filter , whereas , without it , the nebula looked nice , but was confined to the field of view and did n't have near as much detail.I also used it on some obscure Herschel 2 planetaries and it really made them jump out against the background stars . Now keep in mind that this filter is no good for galaxies , star clusters , or dark nebula such as the Horsehead . In fact , when you are looking through it , all the stars take on a greenish purple hue and are much dimmer.Overall , this filter does the job and is a must add on to your eyepiece collection . Highly recommended .
 I had one of these before and it died out over the summer after a solid year or so of constant use . I was annoyed that it died but I went out to see If I could find another one because of how good it was . After not finding it again and going through so many other FM transmitters . This FM transmitter is by far superior to anything else I have ever used . There are only a few spots in my travels where I actually get static . I can drive through very congested areas in and around New York City and I got full signal with no static . Its great . I use this with my Zune HD and it works great . Recently I got an Android phone and have been using Pandora internet radio and this transmitter works fantastic with that too . Overall such a great product and worth buying a second time .
 I just got this today at target . I was very skeptic before I bought it because the Microsoft Zune Fm Transmitter is just God awful . I mean I could never really get a good reception there was always static with the microsoft transmitter.The monster Fm transmitter you can get a good signal without any static at all on all the FM stations.I only wish that the Monster Transmitter was able to charge your Zune because I only have one cigarette lighter in my car . I mean I did pay $ 60 for it.Why should n't it be able to charge and play music at the same time.Overall I do recommend it .
 The Monster works great . Just be sure to turn the volume on your Zune high up , otherwise having your car radio 's volume set high to compensate will let some static leak in through your music . At least , I found this helpful . Worked like a charm .
 I Bought the Zune Car Pack and got alot of terrible static and disappointedly thought this was just how it is . Very upset . -LRB- 1st time MP3 ` r/Zune 80 -RRB- Then was at Target and thought I would try Monster , expecting the same result . Even told the cashier I would be back shortly to return if it did n't work in the parking lot . Great Surprise ! Very clear on many channels . I live in a major city and had no problem finding several clear channels . I highly recommend Monster . I am hesitant to try Zune Home AV Pack . Turn up the volume on Zune , like mentioned by another ... and ZUNE-OUT ! Con
 I was a little worried after I read the reviews for the Microsoft Zune Car Pack . I 'm glad I went with the Monster Transmitter because it works great ! The sound took a little tinkering , however ; I had to adjust the volume on my Zune a little lower and turn up my car radio a little louder to avoid distortion .
 I use mine all the time because I drive a lot , and have yet to have a problem with it . Great purchase , more so than the others out there . I recommend .
 I 've used many of these FM transmitters before both in my car and in friends ' cars . They all have the same problem , once the radio station and the transmitter state broadcasting in the same frequency , you get bad quality audio or non at all . This one does an excellent job of maintaining the audio signal even when in direct competition with a radio station . It also has the added benefit of being able to choose any frequency you want.The only minor drawback is that the cigarette lighter adapter is not USB . I have a lot of devices that I use in my car and it would be great if I could use this with a USB adapter that I have which has 3 ports on it .
 I ordered this expecting it to come with a 3.5 mm connection but came with a different connection . Although it says designed for zune the pictures are misleading so if your looking for a universal transmitter make sure it is in fact universal . This transmitter is great rarely get static and its stereo so thats a plus !
 I purchased an FVL328 over a year ago and it has been working 24x7 without any problems . This unit is not for the home `` computer expert '' as you have to have a clue on setting rules etc. I am using latest V2 .06 firmware and have been successful running MS VPN via passthrough mode to terminate in MS ISA2000 firewall and using syslog into secure lan and running 7 Ip addresses on external -LRB- DSL -RRB- interface.The unit is good for supporting my 1000/256 dsl connection whichservices an SBS2000 server , 2 Win2000 servers and 10 workstations.Anyone wanting to run a PS2 will find that SONY 's security implementation is a pain in the a@#$se so the only way is to use the DMZ option in the WAN interface settings.The logs clearly indentify type of traffic in/outbound and rules/filtering works well . The FVL328 does suffer if you chose to open large ranges of ports but those trying should have their heads read.Overall a cost effective unit and for those with a clue
 I 'm adding this review after making a recommendation on a tech forum . We use FVL328 as a router , DHCP server , and remote access , for 5 Windows clients , and 10 other -LRB- embedded -RRB- clients , such as printers , fax , phone over IP , Acess Points , scanners , etc.The colleague on the tech forum pointed out all these terrible reviews . I want to correct the negative remarks posted here that are based on 2003 firmware . The history of the device is that the firmware was TERRIBLE at launch but has been progressively debugged and additional features added . Firmware is now at v2 .08 . This is the firmware we use in our office LAN/WAN . Even though the device is now EOL and firmware development has been abandoned , v2 .08 is rock solid for us.The device is fast , and operates 24/7 without any hiccups , DSL 6m/1m . It has great network database management tools and security/firewall control settings . Very useful . Port and service forwarding is a bit cumbersome to set up at first , but it works 100 % . The device can crash if there is a network conflict , ie multiple devices with same IP address . This can happen if `` segments '' of your LAN are brought online with existing IP addresses that conflict with DHCP assigned addresses . What would be nice
 I bought the HP Jetdirect 280M print server for my HP 7130 printer/scanner/fax machine . I found little documentation online so had some doubts that it was worth a few times what some other print servers would cost.I 'm glad I got it . Besides printing , the main use , I can scan from any of the computers on my network . I have n't used the fax from a computer , but the scanning works well . You can either do a scan from the `` Director '' program -LRB- or from other applications -RRB- where you control the bpi etc. , or you can connect using a web browser and scan to a file or scan to e-mail . When I did scan a multipage document to PDF via e-mail , the result was n't usable , unfortunately , which -LRB- along with some install issues -RRB- took away one star.I 'd suggest having the printer have a static IP address -LRB- you pick one rather than let it be assigned from your wireless router -RRB- . You must also have your Windows XP firewall turned off when using it -LRB- except when using it through a web browser . -RRB- You should also know your existing wireless configuration well so you can configure the printer similarly.Configuration is interesting
 The lens hood arrived promptly , fits perfectly and wo n't ever be taken off my camera as it also protects the lens in case of dropping or bumping it . I have a homemade one but this one does the job better of shading the sun .
 This Sony LSCH58A Lens Hood for DSC707 & DSCF717 Digital Cameras is GREAT !!! I use it every day !!! It allows pictures to be taken that would other wise be impossible due to having the Sun in the wrong place ! It has saved the day many times !!! Love it !!!
 A really nice piece for a photographer , beginner at least , for me works great in my sony dsc-F117 , better pictures without the sun direct to the lens
 I bought this to build a tube amp speaker attenuator.After soldering a couple wires , it worked as expected . Much cheaper than a $ 250 hotplate .
 This has been a great TV for our small apartment . The picture is small but clear , and the colors are perfect on the screen . The light weight makes it ideal for an older person . The video works perfectly . Our only problem is that I need to find the code in order to program my replacement remote control , but it is not in the instruction manual and I do n't see where to find it on your internet site . Thank you
 This kit is just the right one ! it has exactly what one needs and the quality is perfect too . The spare battery provided is very handy . This was the best price I got accross the web .
 When you look at the price of the battery alone , it 's like getting the rest for free .
 this product is everything they say it is . For the money you get lots of stuff .
 This is something you will really need to keep you camcorder save and sound . Defenitely worth the money .
 My SONY DCR-DVD 105 fits exactly in this bag . Not big but just right .
 We purchased the Sony DCR-DVD405 and it fits fine in this case . It 's great to get a few DVD 's to start out with too . We are pleased with this accessory kit .
 Is nice because after I finish to make teh video I dont need a special things to see it .
 this bag got here just before we went to sturgis and it fit in the saddlebag and did the job but the battery that game with it did not fit my sony and even after making it fit it would not work in my sony . but the rest of the kit is worth evey penny .
 Mi DCR-DVD205 entra perfectamente , junto a 2 DVD en su respectivo case , el cable AC power entra con mucha dificultad , la correa de la maleta es un poco grande . Bateria perfecta .
 Pro
 I was able to buy this bag for the price of the battery alone . The bag is high quality , also holds the spare battery , 4 discs in a pouch , and 2 other gizmo compartments .
 This accesory kit is the perfect companion for your DCR-405 . It 's fits perfectly on the main compartment and it 's very portable.It 's a must for a Handycam propietary !!!
 I would tell its is a good item if you compare the tagged price.But I guess amazon could have increased the price and opt for a Rewritable DVD . Overall good to buy.Amazon as usual is great . The product arrived on time and as described .
 It 's a very tight fit for the camcorder and the cords needed to format the DVDs inside the carrying case . And even the accessory DVD zippered holder has to be struggled with to get the case inside . I know it 's meant for opened DVDs NOT in their case , but who wants to carry them around that way when they can get scratched ? Glad I bought it though . Need something to tote the accessories around with . BTW , the battery can be recharged many many times . Good to have a backup but I 've used the same battery for months and months now .
 This bag has everything ! Well almost everything , it didnt have the battery charger , which was something i really needed , but they did offer it in a package deal with this item so that was nice , cause then they were a little cheaper . The bag is really nice though , and holds alot in it .
 I was looking for a camera bag that I could take out on weekend trips , and to store the camcorder at home when it 's not in use.This bag fit my Sony DCR-DVD405 perfectly . The front pocket can hold 4 DVDs and the side pockets are great for extra batteries . The extra battery that is included will last for about 60min , making it a great backup/emergency battery.I highly recommend this product .
 I have the Sony DCR-DVD505 -LRB- which I purchased from Amazon at an amazing price -RRB- and then purchased this accessory kit . The bag is small , but is good to carry the camcorder and three mini dvd discs in their cases . You can also carry the spare battery in the case . It is a very small case , but for day trips , etc. it is the perfect size . I have several cameras and this bag will hold my Sony DCR-DVD505 camcorder and my Nikon CoolPix P2 , three mini dvds in their cases and my spare battery with no problem . The Nikon CoolPix P2 sits on top of the camcorder in the bag with no problem . I like this for short trips to keep the camera safe and the fact that is it small enough to place in a larger camera bag without taking up a lot of space helps for traveling on airplanes where you want to combine a few things into one bag for airline carry-on baggage .
 If you do n't want to carry around too large of a bag for your camcorder , this is the bag for you . It is a perfect fit for your camcorder and its DVD case which is included in the kit . It is also nice how the case closes making it hard for anyone nearby to reach into the case . I highly recommend this product .
 This bag is perfect sized for my Sony 305 camera and was the best price anywhere .
 Very good quality case and safe carrier for the camcorder . Well worth the price .
 A camcorder bag , 3 blank DVD-R , an extra battery and a mini DVD soft-sided case to protect against damage and conveniently carry up to four DVDs . All these for less then the cost of just an extra battery SONY NP-FP50 / NP-FP30 Equivalent Li Ion Battery 2-Pack For Select Handycam DRC Series . I purchased this bag for mySony DCR-DVD305 1MP DVD Handycam Camcorder with 12x Optical Zoom . The camcorder fits perfectly inside and the bag is easy to carry and made of strong sturdy materials . I can carry the extra DVD 's in the included case and there is enough room to slide mySony Cybershot DSCW100 8.1 MP Digital Camera with 3 x Optical Zoomin too . Keep in mind you will not be able to carry the power cord or PC connectors with the camera in this bag , but who wants to carry those when this bundle gives you an extra battery in case your battery dies and you do n't need your computer connectors until you are ready to copy or download your videos . This was the perfect investment for my Handycam .
 I paid under $ 20 for this pruduct , so I have no complaints . It is slightly compact , but if size is your issue , consider luggage . It performs its purpose very well and is of high quality . I am very satisfied !
 This was such a great deal ! I am only sorry I did n't order 2 !
 i have not used it yet but this does not prevent me from giving out my previews here . the bag looks good . it seems to be able to provide good protection to the stuff you put inside . would recommend it to other buyers .
 I did not believe when i first saw this deal at such a low price . This is really a wonderful deal .
 The carrying case was a little smaller then I expected but other then that it 's fine . It was well worth the cost .
 I am always a fan of Sony products ... As much I enjoyed with my sony handycam , I am finding this carry case handy.The product is worth the price .
 Got it for a very good deal . The bag is little small , but it serves the purpose .
 I got this kit for the sony dvd-105 min dvr camcorder . I was going to get it at circuit city for 85.00 , but they were out . Good for me . The price is great ; saved 35.00 and the shipping was very fast . Camera fit perfect . The little dvr carry case is cool too .
 Sony ACCDVDP2 Accessory Kit for DCR-DVD 203 , 403 , 105 , 205 , 305 , 405 & 505 Camcorders . This Sony Accessory Kit is made with quality and is beautiful ! Very , very nice ! If you receive this , you will be very happy with the quality ! GREAT for the price !
 I had purchased 2 of the Starter Kits as I wanted the batteries . It is a great price . After I received them -LRB- on time , I might add -RRB- I looked through both of the kits in all the visable pockets but found no batteries . I was not happy . I sent off my recommendation emails as I needed those batteries for a trip and now I would n't be able to use my camcorder . One email was responded to by the `` Buy Accessories '' company Customer service this morning that said `` Look in the Velcro divider pocket '' . Did n't even notice it before but took out the Velcro divider in the main compartment and there was the battery way at the bottom . Boy , do I feel foolish . I also had seen where several others reported `` No Battery Included '' and maybe one tip to the seller would be to write on the invoice where the battery is located . It is so small you ca n't feel it and the area it is located in just looks like a sidewall of the case . Also , if the seller had included a phone number , all of this could have been avoided but they did finally answer my emails and the battery was located . All is good and hope this review voids my rant and possibley helps others locate the battery before they prematurely write their review.I would now order from this seller again .
 The order came quick and everything was in order . Good quality product , could have been a little larger but still very nice . ca n't beat it for the price . I would definetely recomment this product .
 You ca n't beat what you get for $ 10 . The case is just big enough for the camera as others have said in other reviews . I can , however , pack two extra batteries along with the camera -LRB- tight fit -RRB- . It does have ample room to pack additional disks for my use . It might not for others . It comes with a extra battery , as well . That in it self made the purchase well worth it . I 'm glad I spotted this deal .
 You ca n't go wrong with this bundle ! It 's got everything you need to start using your Sony camcorder , 3 mini DVDs , DVD storage pouch , camcorder bag and an extra battery . The camcorder fits a little tight , but I like that the bag is n't too bulky . This was an excellent purchase for my Sony camcorder !!!
 I started out with the old huge type cameras that you had to place on your shoulders . Then I saw that everyone else had these tiny fit in your hands cameras , so I purchase one and it was to small . Everytime I went to press a button , I would press two . So they I went found a camera that was just right . and then amazon came along and I found a bag to carry my new camera ... and we are living happy everafter ...
 This is a great buy . the battery cost more by its self . The bag is sony so it fits my 405 like a glove .
 I think this carry case is a good buy . The only down side is the bag doesnt have enough room to carry all of the plugs and av wires and accessories .
 ***** For the money , this DVD player is very nice -- note that it is more than just a player -- it is a kit ! It comes with all accessories , cords , batteries , etc. so you only need to spend the purchase price . This was nice for me because I would have no idea which accessories to buy . It even comes with 2 headsets and a Y adapter!Many functions run off of the player itself , and the rest off the remote . The fast forward and fast backward are only on the remote not the player , but the chapter forward and backward are on the player . I am satisfied with how things are set up . It is the first DVD player I 've ever had , and I think it makes an excellent entry-level player . I really wanted to buy something sturdy but inexpensive , and this one fit the bill ; I have heard other reviewers of other DVDs complain about what is on the remote and what is on the player , but I 'm not picky.One fun feature it has is the fast forward and backward multiply each time you hit it -LRB- first time is 2X , second time is 4X , etc. -- all the way up to 16X -RRB- . I like this because with the subtitles on , I can fast forward through boring parts of DVDs and still quickly read what , if anything , is going on.It has many more features than I would ever use . The picture quality looks great to me . The battery life is supposed to be 3 hours , and so far , that seems about right.I would recommend this DVD player kit for families with children -LRB- who will be hard on the player , so you would n't want to spend a fortune on it ! -RRB- and entry-level purchasers . *****
 When I purchased this battery the price was under ten dollars . I see it is now about 50 % higher but still much less expensive than the Panasonic battery . I did n't review this one right away because I had to wait for the charge to wear off on the Panasonic battery that came with my camera . I waited and waited . . finally the battery went low so I replaced it with this Lenmar . The Lenmar did n't last as long as the Panasonic - probably about 70-75 % as long , which to me was great considering it was a lot cheaper than the Panasonic . I did n't notice any difference in performance , only in the length of the time the battery lasted . Since I am not a heavy duty picture taker , this plus the original Panasonic batteries are plenty for me . Even at the current price it is a good deal .
 This battery is made by a major battery manufacturer , which perhaps provides to the camera manufacturer under their own label . Whatever the case , this battery works as good as the original battery at less then a third of the cost.I would highly recommend Lenmar batteries as a spare for any camera .
 I shopped around for this battery , Amazon.com had by far the best price.I ordered two batteries , and both seem to work just fine . I charged them up with the factory charger , and away they went . no problems thus far.I can not speak to the life span of this product , but they do work out of the box .
 The title pretty much sums it up . I have had this for over a year and I am completely satisfied .
 Seems to have exactly the same capacity that the original has -LRB- ~ 200-300 pictures in a day to day use -RRB- . Great to have a backup , which also helps to keep the life of the batteries up because you can actually use them all the way until they are empty and then fully charge them again since you have a second .
 This Panasonic battery does not hold its charge as long as the Lenmar battery . Very handy having more than one battery for use in my camera . This one is used up in about 150 pictures where the Lenmar goes to 200 + .
 I 've been using 2 of these Lenmar batteries and 1 original Panasonic in a Panasonic Lumix TZ3 camera for 3 months , and all seem identical . Good deal !
 Great price and worked flawlessly on my China trip . No concerns and it arrived in good time .
 The Lumax cameras this battery supports chews through it 's batteries in no time . You always want a fully charged spare or two around while you are waiting for the original to recharge .
 Works great , price was right.I love not having to worry about battery wearing down in the middle of an event . Second battery is great to have on hand.It got to me when it was promised .
 This battery works just as well as the Panasonic branded one for 1/3 the price . I use it in my new TZ5
 Satisfied with the purchase , the product sent by the store was called , arrived in good condition , I recommend to the store
 I got this as a spare battery for my Panasonic Lumix TZ3 digicam . But it works really well to be called as a `` Spare '' . The performance is fantastic , and it lasts me for over 150 shots . Does not perform as good as the original battery supplied by Panasonic , but for the price difference I would recommend it any day . Can be definitely had as a backup battery .
 Good value ! $ 6.98 . Works fine ! Item was more expensive elsewhere . So far it holds a charge for weeks with light use . Recharges in about an hour .
 You 're about to take that super cool shot ... but your battery dies and just ca n't even eek out one more shot . Having a back-up battery is essential if you are taking a lot of shots at one time.Instead of buying a proprietary battery for my Canon G10 , this is the one I got . I keep it charged and rotate it with the original battery that came with my camera . Both function the same , both have been charged many , many times and both perform just as well . But one is less money.You decide . I 'm happy with my my decision .
 I bought the LenMar battery as a replacement for a Panasonic TZ3 camera . The battery worked perfectly right out of the box and works perfectly with the charger that comes with the camera .
 I just got back from a trip using my TZ3 for a couple of weeks with this battery . The Lenmar worked every bit as well as the panasonic battery that came with the camera , fit the camera and battery charger perfectly , and cost less than half of what a Panasonic battery costs .
 This battery is 1/2 the price of a Panasonic battery . It fits nicely into my Lumix camera , but it has about 2/3 the energy , i.e. pictures before recharging , than the original . I think it is a good value as a backup .
 I bought this Lenmar battery as a backup for my Panasonic TZ5 camera . Not much to say -LRB- it 's just a battery , after all ! -RRB- other than :1 . It fits the TZ5 and works great ; 2 . The Panasonic charger that came with the TZ5 can recharge this battery ; 3 . It costs 1/4 of a genuine Panasonic battery and comes with a 3-year warranty ; 4 . The charge seems to last a good long while -LRB- sorry , I know it 's subjective , but I have n't done any timed tests -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 I bought this battery for my Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3K . The battery works perfectly with both the camera and the charger . And for only $ 7 dollars it was a great buy . I would definitely recommend it .
 I 've found this to be a very solid battery . I use my TZ5 at concerts -LRB- when they 'll let me -RRB- and when I do n't want to carry around my SLR . I take lots of pictures at concerts -- I use it as a true P&S , meaning I take tons of pictures without thinking about them and sort out the good ones later . I have 2 of these and 1 genuine Panasonic battery . I ca n't tell a significant difference . At concerts , I turn the flash off , and I can take literally hundreds of pictures on one battery with no problem .
 Good battery . Does not last as long as the original but works as a good bck-up .
 Les recomiendo que siempre tengan 2 bater&iacute;as , la original con la que viene la c&aacute;mara , en mi caso la Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ5K , y otra de reemplazo para que nunca se pierdan ning&uacute;n momento por tener la bater&iacute;a descargada . Carga perfectamente en el cargador original de la c&aacute;mara y su precio es muy muy bajo ... comparen y ver&aacute;n .
 Most Panasonic cameras have a pretty good battery life . Unless you shoot a lot of pictures , or use the flash a lot . In that case , you will need another battery and this is a good choice .
 I bought the Lenmar as a second battery for my Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ5 . It fits both the camera and the charger perfectly , and comes with a three year guarantee . I have n't made any in-depth trials , but the Lenmar seems to hold the charge just as long as the original Panasonic battery . Recommended !
 I 've paid 7 dollars , for that price you ca n't go wrong . It last near as good as the original . Works perfect in my Panasonic TZ5
 Its a good battery , but I have yet to test its longevity in a comparison with the stock one , however , it is not noticeably less powerful -LRB- but remember I have not used the whole thing yet -RRB-
 I have been very happy with the Lenmar battery , it seems to run as long as the panasonic that came with the camera and was much cheaper .
 The battery is good , holds a good charge but definately does not last as long as the OEM 's -LRB- Panasonic Lumix -RRB- battery . But for the price you ca n't beat it ! I would highly recomment this battery to anyone who is looking for a bargain and does n't want to pay the high price of an OEM . I purchased an off brand in my home town as I needed an extra battery right away and that was $ 60 and this held the charge longer than that off brand.Good value for your money , best bang for your buck !
 These are good quality batteries in my opinion . I have had them for about 6 months now . They charge and hold charge fine . I have noticed a slight bit less life than the OEM but at the cost they are fine . I bought two so I now have 3 batteries total to rotate between . They fit the slot perfectly and are not larger or `` swelled '' up like some of the really cheap brands . They come in a sealed package and the batteries have clear writing on them -LRB- on the opposite side from the photo you see on Amazon 's site -RRB- . I say this because some of the generic ones on ebay I have seen are illegible .
 So far , is works fine . I ca n't tell the difference compared to the original . Time will tell .
 La bater&iacute;a funciona pecfectamente con mi Lumix TZ4 . El tiempo de descarga es similar al de la bater&iacute;a original . El precio es muy bueno comparado con la calidad .
 I used one for a few days , it was very good.I 'm so sorry that I lost it while visiting the Bird 's Nest.I have ordered another one for my coming trip to Mexico .
 This product is great . I researched other sites and I found the best price on Amazon.com ... . It was extremely easy to set up . There 's a quick set up guide included in the box , but using the CD included may be a better choice if your going to hook up your 1st unit by a PC card or USB port . The quick guide gives instructions for hooking up your unit using an ethernet wire hook-up .
 I just recieved and connected the Netgear CG814M 802.11 b Wireless Cable Modem Internet Gateway ... it worked fine although it took Comcast cable over 10hrs , two installers , 3 customer reps and finnally a competant technical advisor at 12midnight who simply entered the correct serial and mac numbers that others before him could n't figure out -LRB- can you tell I 'm not a fan of Comcast cable 's customer service !!! -RRB- and within minutes I was up and running . An excellent , whisper quiet and sleek silver designed unit that accomplishes all that it was meant to do . The USB and Ethernet are all that I have utilized so far , I 'm waiting to configure the unit and also waiting on my wireless USB adaptors , PC cards and CF cards to really get my wireless networking off the ground . So far so good , I HIGHLY reccommend it !
 I always try to buy name brand for my printer . This worked well for me and would recommend to anyone else . Great price also .
 This is great for creating a home lab , while more expensive than 3550 's , the 3750 's have many features that are not supported by the 3550 . These switches allow you to use a QinQ tunnel and use the switch as a breakout switch with GNS3 saving you money in the long run -LRB- not needing to purchase physical routers -RRB-
 I never had a problem with these cables before , but the second set of these cable that I bought are giving me trouble . I bought a Sony 3-way RCA selector/splitter for my surround sound system because the surround sound system only has one RCA input . The audio -LRB- red and white -RRB- cable from this package has a really tight fit with the Sony RCA selector and Sony is a pretty good brand for electronics so I do n't know why I am having trouble with using this cable . It 's the 3.5 mm male -LRB- the headphone jack -RRB- end of the cable that is giving me trouble ; I have to keep twisting and turn this cable when I hook it up to my Ipod touch in order to hear sound out of the left and right speakers . Although Sony is a good brand I personally think it 's not the cable , it 's the selector because I never had any trouble with these cables before and I have been using these cables for a year or two now .
 Just what I needed ! Could n't find a replacement in any of the local camera stores or on the Nikon website . Although I thought the price was a bit high , I needed a way to keep the lens scratch free when putting it away so it was worth it . .
 The documention that comes with the router is garbage . The client software that comes with the router is garbage , In fact , the documention and the screen shots did n't match what the router 's web interface . Nor did the documentation match the client client software it comes with.Aside from the problems with the documentation , once you figure out Netgear 's logic , everything works . Well , atleast everything I 've tried . I 've been able to set up a client to Netgear VPN connection , and Site to Site . I 've also tried all the other features and so far , everything works solid . The only thing I have n't used is the wireless.Over all , I am happy with the FVM318 . The only drawback is the documentation .
 Specs are great - hardware VPN -LSB- 3DES & 256bit AES -RSB- , 100 + tunnels , dyndns support , Stateful FW , syslog , 8 port 10/100 switch , 7.5 Mbps WAN-LAN on IP & 4.2 Mbps using 3DES . Ive experienced solid performance with very good 802.11 b range and throughput . Remote access via available Safenet DialIP client and office-office tunnel to a Netscreen works well.Very good documentation on the website for connecting this device to other manufacturers equipment - like Cisco , Nortel , Win2k , etc. . Was able to bring up a branch office tunnel to a Netscreen -LSB- not documented -RSB- in about 30 minutes . Included WLAN client not tested , nor was the available full client -LSB- less than $ 30 per user -RSB- -- but its available !!! Only negative - support . I forward a couple of ports to an internal linux box . That machine can not connect to the ` net unless I turn off the port forarding . This could be a ` feature ' of the beta firmware v1 .2 b I 'm running . But that code is required to use domain names rather than IP addresses for VPN end-points . After trading email with netgear support - nothing got resolved.Overall - its a solid box with some rough edges .
 It has always been difficult to find the perfect DVDs for my recordings until i tried these ones and I 've continued to use them with no problems or complaints from my customers.They get the job done for me so I 'll keep using them .
 The Apricot EZ-UP-Universal Notebook Hard Drive Upgrade Kit made the transition from my original laptop hard drive to a new , larger drive easy and seamless . The cost of the kit was easily justified in that the hours it would 've taken to reacquire & configure all the software I currently have , not to mention all the desktop folders and sub-folders was completely taken out of the equation . Down time was minutes as opposed to hours had I not used this kit.If you are on the fence , get off and order .
 The EZ product was truly easy . I had never change a hard drive before . This was truly plug and play . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Real simple easy operation.I upgraded my HP laptop -LRB- HP PAVILLION dv9000 120gb to 320gb upgrade HD with a recovery partition , total 2 partitions , did a lot of looking on the web for a Hard Drive Kit , even on ebay . Price was right and read a lot of good reviews on Apricorn EZ notebook hard drive kit on Amazon . Heres a couple steps I took . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Turn off screen saver . -LRB- 2 -RCB- clean all temp files , with windows disk cleanup utility , clean recycle bin and do a defrag on source -LRB- old HD -RRB- . Setup HD , I tried this both ways , I could n't see any difference on this , putting your new hard drive in your computer or putting in the upgrade kit . Here 's how my reference worked out for me , I like keeping the source Hd -LRB- old HD -RRB- in my computer so I can get it ready for the transfer of image files it copied to the new destination Hd -LRB- new HD -RRB- went in aluminum closer . Loaded the Boot software Cd , answered the info it asked for -LRB- I used auto -RRB- , and remember which is scoure , and destination Hd . And when its all over and done , and new Hd is in your computer , do a defrag.And it came out sweet all the way !!!!!!!
 It works excellent but one prob which is why i gave it a 4 since we had a d400 -LRB- older computer -RRB- it kept power surging because it does not come with power cord because powered by computer so we called company they told us what kind of power adapter to use we went to radio shack got one hooked it all up used it works really fast ! So if you have older computer make sure you get power adapter !
 I changed my hard drive from 40gb to 80gb in undrer an hour with the Apricorn EZ-Up kit . This is the best way to change a hard drive .
 Great product . Easy to use . Instructions were clear and concise . Also came with a rebate which definitely influenced me to make this purchase .
 I was upgrading a 260 PATA 2.5 '' to a 500 PATA 2.5 '' notebook hard drive . Initially the upgrade did not work with the supplied USB cord and EZ GIG III software alone . It performed well once I downloaded the most recent version of EZ GIG ; which is IV as of today . I also used a 5V - AC/DC power cord from and old Kodak camera that I had in addition to the supplied USB cord . Then the upgrade began to work and completed successfully in about 3.5 hours . I then disconnected the Apricorn with my newly cloned 500 GIG hard drive , and shut down the laptop , disconnected the power cord and battery . Swapped the drives , and reconnected everything and turned on my laptop with my new hard drive . It started right up . I had to do a restart once everything loaded up though . The $ 10.00 rebate is a great deal too . What an awesome deal and easy upgrade experience !
 Glad I came across this product . Upgraded from a 100GB Hitachi 2.5 hard drive to a 500GB Hitachi 7200rpm 2.5 SATA hard drive on my Toshiba laptop and am typing this review after booting up on my cloned hard drive.One word to summarize my upgrade
 This kit works as advertised and did an awesome job when I upgraded my laptop hard drive . The whole process took less than an hour and I now have a 100 GB backup -LRB- the old drive -RRB- that I can use with the case that 's provided . Its worth the money .
 I used the Apricorn kit to upgrade the disk in my IBM ThinkPad T42 and it worked exactly as expected . The software is intuitive and easy to use with no manual required . In less than an hour -LRB- including time to remove the old drive and fiddle with mounting screws -RRB- my ThinkPad went from 40GB to 160GB with a $ 50 replacement drive . The Apricorn hardware is solid and clever , with both SATA and PATA interfaces and no tools required . After installing the new drive and doing a couple of reboots , the laptop is operating swimmingly.One word of advice
 I got this upgrade kit along with a newHitachi 320GB Travelstar 2.5 Inch SATA II 7200 RPM Internal Hard Drive Retail Kit HD20320 IDK/7Kto upgrade the hard drive on my Dell Latitude D830 laptop . The process was easy to do following the instructions on the box . I did not install the program on my computer like others ; instead I had my computer boot from my DVD drive -LRB- done via changing some preferences in the BIOS -RRB- . It took about an hour to complete the cloning process -LRB- I had over 100 GB of data transferred -RRB- , and the new hard drive has worked flawlessly since.All in all , a very easy process , but I do feel like the hard drive case is not the best . The fact that it can be easily opened helps in this process , but I wish there was a way to screw it shut when you transfer your old hard drive into the blue case . Now , flipping a little spring-loaded switch will kick out the hard drive , which I wish could be partially disabled without destroying the hard drive case.I do recommend that prior to doing this , you become familiar with where your hard drive is on your device and that it is indeed removable -LRB- e.g. many netbooks do not have removable hard drives , or replacing them may be a very technical process -RRB-
 This is a good kit . Is slow but works very well ! about 3 hours to clone ... but it works
 Our laptop had a 30GB hard drive that was overflowing with pictures . Using a external hard drive worked for a while , but was just too inconvenient . I thought that I was going to have to manually reinstall all of the programs to the new drive by hand , but a -LSB- ... -RSB- review recommended the Apricon upgrade kit.Worked perfectly ! Installed the software , slid the new drive into the enclosure , and started the cloning process . About an hour later , I installed the new drive into the laptop , and was up in running without a glitch - all data and programs transferred seemlessly ! And the PC is even faster!Highly recommended for anyone that needs to upgrade a laptop hard drive without spending weeks reloading programs and data .
 Easy to install , cloned my harddrive in 1.5 hours , put new hard drive in laptop , worked perfectly .
 This product is as advertised , the enclosure is easy to use and the software is very intuitive . I had no problems in doing what I needed to do . I would recommend this kit to anyone , seasoned pro or a beginner .
 What an amazing product this is . I was running out of space on my 80gb hdd so I decided to get the Western Digital Scorpio Black 320 GB Bulk/OEM Hard Drive 2.5 Inch , 16 MB Cache , 7200 RPM SATA II WD3200BEKT to replace it . I read most of the reviews on this product and decided it would be worth the try . The cloning process was very easy and fast . It depends on how much stuff you have on your old drive but it still did n't take that much time . The software installation was easy too . Very easy for anyone to figure out . It copied both partitions of my laptop so now I have plenty of room to add more stuff to my computer . Absolutely recommended .
 This product rocks !! It is so easy to use . I had upgraded my memory in no time at all . Very wonderful product . Worth the money .
 This is a useful device . Without a hitch , I upgraded the HD -LRB- IDE -RRB- on an older HP laptop . I also used it on a 2008 X61 Thinkpad -LRB- SATA -RRB- ; although the process differed , Apricorn had documentation regarding the alternate installation . I certainly recommend this product and appreciate the previous reviewers of this product as they ultimately swayed my purchase .
 This worked well . I used it to upgrade a ThinkPad laptop and it worked as advertised .
 I wanted to upgrade my very full 80gb laptop hard drive with a new 320gb that I also purchased from Amazon -LRB- at a savings of almost $ 50 from one of the local big box retailers -RRB- . Local computer people were going to charge me between $ 75 and $ 100 just to clone my old hard drive onto my new one . Instead , I bought this EZ upgrade hard kit and saved myself a bunch of money . From the time I opened the box to the time I put my new hard drive into my laptop was about two hours , and most of that was just waiting for the data to transfer over -LRB- it transferred about 1gb per minute -RRB- . The hardest part of the whole process was putting the screws into the hard drive enclosure , since the screws are so small -LRB- this is n't a complaint , as the screws have to be small enough to fit into the threads , so it 's not the manufacturer 's fault , but just an observation -RRB- . Also , it seems the hard drive enclosure wo n't work unless the screws are in the hard drive , so do n't try and take a shortcut like I did.The software was easy to use and did all of the work for me , including the partitioning of the drive.So between the savings on the hard drive and the savings by doing the cloning myself , I estimate that I saved about $ 70 - $ 100 by buying this piece of software.I was a little anxious about this , but in the end it really was ` EZ ' .
 This products worked great . I cloned a Dell XPS M1530 Vista laptop to a larger drive and it worked great . The drive enclosure is a nice one that you can continue to use after cloning . Good value for the money .
 I 've been doing computer mods and upgrades for a while , and hard drive upgrades have always been a pain . With this kit , however , the pain is gone ! Seriously , it works quite well . Used it to upgrade my Dell Dimension E1705 laptop to 320 Gigs from 80 Gigs and it worked like a charm , took about 2 hours to copy everything.Only thing you need to watch out for is that some software that keeps track of what kind of disk it is on may need re-activation . None of my really expensive software was affected , but Diskkeeper was , so if you use it you may want to know that you may have to plunk down for another license -LRB- although it 's worth the money not to have to reinstall everything onto the new drive -RRB- . This is n't a fault of the product though.Bottom line - Great product that works as advertised .
 I used the EZ Upgrade to go from my Toshiba 's original 160GB Fujitsu SATA HD to a Western Digital 500GB SATA . The directions for using this program and the hardware included were easy to follow and worked as expected.PROBLEM
 Everything worked as advertised with one minor modification that had to be made on the fly . Seems the Lenovo R60 HDDs include a mount of some sort that had to be * carefully * removed from the original drive before it could be installed in the Apricorn chassis.Its a little un-nerving to do ad-hoc surgery on your fully-populated HDD * before * the cloning attempt.Depending on how comfortable/handy you are with a screwdriver around your good HDD , this solution may or may not be worth the risk .
 I used the Apricorn upgrade kit to upgrade my HP laptop from 60 Gb to 250 Gb . Once I obtained the HD upgrade instructions from HP , I found that it was easy to use . The new HD snapped into the external enclosure without any need for tools . I connected the HD with the enclosed USB cable . I booted the laptop from the included CD and cloned my old HD to the new . Then I removed the new HD from the enclosure , removed the old HD from the laptop -LRB- and I needed a Phillips head screwdriver for this -RRB- , and swapped the two drives . It took about 20 minutes of hands on time and maybe 3 hours to transfer the data . One word of warning , the product is encased in a difficult clamshell plastic package . I cut my finger on the plastic while attempting to remove the product . I would advise that you wear gloves when unpacking the product !
 Bought this to swap a 250GB Western Digital Scorpio PATA/IDE disk into my wife 's HP DV1000 notebook . The existing 60GB disk was struggling under the burden of digital content that a 10MPixel digicam can produce!As the defacto IT department for my household I 'm reasonably technical and there were a few options for transferring the partitions between the two disks , but I value my time and wanted a quick and easy solution.Total time invested in the disk upgrade was 20 - 30 minutes , including reading the documentation . This product really lives up to its name . Cloning the contents of the old disk to the new one took less than 1.5 hours , but once it set off I walked away and left it so I ca n't be too precise.Two thumbs up !
 This product does work , but there are absolutely no instructions -LRB- except the 1-2-3 printed on the package -RRB- , and even Apricorn 's website takes you to a blank page for instructions.As others have noted , it does not come with a power cord , but when I got it hooked up with only the USB cord provided I could feel the drive running when I put my hand on it . However , since my computer could n't ` see ' the drive , I too hooked up an old cell-phone charger . Still no changes , I could feel it running but could not locate it . I was about to call the support number when I decided to give it a shot . And it worked . A couple reboots and two hours later I had a cloned drive installed.I would rate this 5-stars were it not for the total lack of instructions . Still , I would highly recommend this product . And for anyone who purchases this in the future , before you buy or hook up an external power source , see if it runs without it first , and if so , post a review so we all know ...
 It saved me tons of hours by cloning my old drive to the new drive in less than 2 hours , super fast and easy to use , installation is simple and user friendly , I would highly recommned this to everyone , this is one of the must have items .
 Purchased this upgrade kit to clone my OEM Hitachi 60G 5400 RPM HD data to a Seagate Momentus 7200.1 100G 7200 RPM HD and highly recommend this kit for this purpose . Very easy to use and had my new drive cloned and installed in about 1.5 hours . Note
 Purchased this as a tool to speed up the process of replacing harddrives for customers.This tool is great . Insert the CD . Boot from the CD . and Start the copy process.If you have the new drive already in the Laptop you can place the old laptop hard drive into this thing and away it goes copying everything over flawlessly . Keeps count of any errors.I was luck . No errors.Job Done . Such an excellent $ 30 investment that will pay for itself in just a few upgrades in the mount of time saved .
 I 've used this several times in interoffice repairs . It needs a bigger power supply and better connections . This really does work well , just do n't bump it during the clone operation . The Apricot Software rocks ; It 's the best out there I think . This unit is good for one to five drive exchange jobs then its worn out !
 Okay , just to give you some background ... I had/have an Acer 5700 duo-core Laptop that had 1gb ram , 80GB hd 5400 rpms ... I was running out of hard disk space on the laptop and wanted to enlarge it so I could have enough room to also put all my CD 's on my computer -LRB- right now over 40GB of music and growing daily ... LOL -RRB- . First thing I did was upgrade my memory to 2GB ... -LRB- My husband has an updated/newer laptop that I upgraded his to 4GB and took his two 1GB memory cards and put them in my laptop -RRB- ... I bought a WD Scorpio 320GB , 16mb cache , 7200 rpm hard drive from here on Amazon to replace my OEM hard drive . I followed the directions that CAME WITH the Apricorn EZ upgrade and had absolutely no problems.I did NOT need the y-splitter or the alternate power source.I believe that the people that were/are having problems with needing those are because they have an older laptop , which I believe Apricorn has a different version of this Upgrade kit for older laptops that includes the power adapter.Needless to say , I think it took roughly 45 minutes total to do the cloning and swapping out of the hard drives . Took me physically longer to screw in the 5-6 miniscule screws for the hard drive enclosure in my laptop -LRB- one screw was a tight fit and I have big fingers , took a couple tries to get it in the hole to screw it in ... :--RRB- -RRB- when I replaced the new hard drive.This was a lot cheaper way to go than paying someone to mirror my hard drive for me , and I now have an 80GB external drive to use as a back-up if I need it !! Definitely happy with the product and would recommend !!!
 I needed to clone a laptop hard drive onto a larger one . The computer stores wanted to charge a couple hundred to do the cloning and I figured I could buy the hardware to do it myself for cheaper . This upgrade kit was the easy way to do clone the drive . It was mostly a little waiting around for it to finish so I went and watched a movie while it worked.I like that this kit will do ATA and SATA drives . And once you clone to the new drive , you can use the old drive in the Apricorn kit as an external backup drive.This kit made the cloning very simple and I definitely recommend this product to anyone who is running out of space on their laptop hard drive .
 The Apricorn EZ-Up-Universal worked just as advertised . I was able to copy the contents of a netbook 's hard drive and upgrade it to a 500GB hard drive with no problem . And now the old hard drive stays in the external case for use as a portable backup drive . Excellent solution !
 Used to easily upgrade my laptop to a bigger hard drive . Installing the hard drive in the provided enclosure was a bit difficult , it took some effort to push the drive into the -LRB- PATA -RRB- interface connector . Otherwise the rest of the upgrade was a breeze.One small issue that arose after installing the Software Suite , was that errors started popping up when I tried to eject a USB device . I found the solution to this problem on the web , it seems that the clone Software Suite disrupts the USB driver . A USB driver refresh fixed that issue . The only reason I gave it a 4 out of 5 is because of the effort in seating the drive , the issue with the USB driver , and that the provided USB cable is a bit short . A good product overall if you want to clone a disk drive for either a backup or replacement . The enclosure will work with either a PATA or SATA hard drive .
 I purchased this kit to upgrade an HP notebook from a 160 GB to a 320 GB hard drive . The QuickStart instructions were all I needed to have the Apricorn perform its mission.One suggestion
 I bought this kit to copy over my 30gig notebook hard drive to a new 80gig hard drive . I pretty much followed the instructions , copied the drive , installed the new copy - and viola my laptop now runs the same as it used to except I 've got an 80 gig hard drive with lots of room!Plus , I reformatted my old drive and used it in the enclosure as a 30gig storage device.The enclosure is a nice machined aluminum - a class act . The software is pretty straight forward . I actually called support -LRB- I had n't plugged in the hard drive into it 's socket with enough force -RRB- and I spoke with a real person fairly quickly.So , this is really a nice tool to use to upgrade your hard drive . You can use it on a MAC or PC if you have a laptop hard drive to upgrade .
 I bought this product to upgrade my 40gb laptop drive to a 120gb drive . I have to admit I was a bit hesitant because it sounded a little too easy . I started it early on a weekend morning , expecting to monitor it for hours while it cloned my drive . I was pleasantly surprised when it completed in about 40 minutes . From the time I opened the package to the time I was back to work on the new drive was less than an hour . No problems or errors , and no need to re-install the OS or any programs . Just pop in the new drive and everything 's back to normal . Very impressive . I would highly recommend this product to anyone planning to upgrade hard drives .
 This upgrade kit works flawlessly . It 's very easy to clone data from one drive to the other . Just beware if you have a ZV5340us that you 're trying to switch out . The Hp drive of this model will not connect to the enclosure due to some plastic molding they have across the pins .
 Absolutely fabulous - it cloned my existing hard drive -LRB- 60G -RRB- and put the clone on the new drive -LRB- 120G -RRB- . Piece of cake , worked perfectly . Just make sure you do your research first to see what hard drives you can use to replace in your laptop .
 This kit has everything you need to upgrade or back up your hard drive , except the new hard drive of course.I am not extremely computer literate and thought I would have to take my laptop into a service shop to get the hard drive replaced . Apricorn helped me through it without a snag . I was able to copy my entire old 40 GB hard drive to the new 160 GB , smooth as silk . Worked the first time , unlike the competitor which I bought first and had to return.I highly recommend the EZ upgrade kit .
 I got the Apricorn external hard disk housing and a 500 GB hard drive for a laptop upgrade . I simply used the automatic function of the Apricorn software to clone the new hard drive from the drive in the computer . I replaced the old drive with the new one and the computer booted up and ran normally . The old drive went into the housing for reformat and use as an external backup drive . Since the Apricorn package had the software and I had all needed hardware , I got the new hard drive in an OEM package for even more savings . Delivery from Amazon was prompt and there was very little effort involved in the job .
 This is an excellent product ! It makes upgrading a hard drive super-easy , eliminating the need to reinstall all of your programs and operating system on the new drive . I 've used it to do 2 upgrades now , and am amazed at how fast it is . It is such a time-saver that if you 're planning on upgrading more than once -LRB- or more than one computer -RRB- , you 'd be foolish to not buy this product.My only complaint , which is not enough to deduct a star , was that it did n't allow me to set the partition sizes exactly as I 'd have liked to.If you check the official site , it says that the product does n't work with 64-bit operating systems yet , so you should look into that if you have the 64-bit version of Vista or 7 -LRB- which is n't yet released as I write this review -RRB- . Edit
 I bought the Apricorn EZ-UP-Universal Kit and used it to clone the 80 GB hard drive in my HP laptop with a 320 GB hard drive . It was easy , intuitive , worked flawlessly and I am very impressed . I did not have to reinstall Windows XP or anything . It just made a perfect clone of my hard drive and I swapped them and the laptop booted just like before but with 240 additional GB available . Wow ! Now I have another 320 GB hard drive in the blue box that comes in the kit and use it as an external hard drive . You can do that with the kit as an added bonus . Great software , great hardware . I recommend it to anyone who wants an easy way to upgrade a hard drive .
 If you can follow directions this is a snap.If you want to go to a bigger hard drive , get this and avoid all the headaches.I had no problems upgrading the hard drive on my Asus netbook . It does what it says .
 This saved me a lot of money . Considering Best Buy would charge me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to transfer the data from my old hard drive to my new one , I saved about -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks by purchasing this product . It could not have been easier . I did exactly as instructed - installed the software , plugged the new hard drive in , cloned everything and switched out the drives.The only thing I would remind others to do before starting the process
 This is a great item that should have made upgrading my notebook 's hard drive really easy . However , there is a known issue with this product on a Dell computer with Media Direct . I WISH THIS HAD BEEN NOTED IN THE DIRECTIONS ! The problem can be avoided just by not copying one particular file . However , if you run through the whole installation without the extra steps you will get the blue screen of death and the upgrade does n't work.Once I called technical support , they sent me an email that explained how to fix the problem . It took me a lot of extra time to `` fix '' what I could have avoided in the first place . -LSB- ... -RSB- In summary , this product did work , and I was able to use it to upgrade my hard drive . However , I wish I had been told before hand that it needed and extra step to work with my Dell computer .
 I have a Dell notebook with Media Direct and Vista . I wanted to put a larger drive in . They instruct you to load the software on your machine and perform the clone via Windows . This did n't work , and the main problem was my machine kept timing out half-way through the install.The tech support guy had me clone the drive by booting to the CD , and then had me put a command in that kept the BIOS from timing out . It then worked flawlessly.If their website were better , I 'm sure I could have done this without the tech support call . It really was quite easy.If you want to use MediaDirect , it requires a special install . I do n't use this , so it was n't important to me .
 Used upgrade kit to go from 40gb to 160gb HD . Software and hardware worked perfect . In about an hour -LRB- 10 minutes of paying attention -RRB- it was all done . I combined this with a WD Scorpio WD1600BEVS . Also the HD enclosure is built really well . I would recommend this to a friend .
 I upgraded the hard drive in my ancient Compaq Armada E500 laptop from a 12 Gig to a 40 Gig . This package made it an unbelievable smooth and stressless process . Everything went as advertised , software worked great , and now I have a spare external drive as well . I highly recommend this . I was dreading this upgrade , and it turned out to be easy .
 Its works Great and it 's easy ! If you can transfer a music file from one place -LRB- hard drive -RRB- to another device -LRB- MP3 player , External hard drive -RRB- you can wheel your way through this in a breeze.It made going to a 160 GB hard drive on my Dell D630 happen in about 1 hour to boot with new hard drive and all old software working properly . THANKS for the timesaver Apricorn.I choose the in windows version . First Load the EZ Gig II software , choose which drive to clone to which and set back . It will actually reboot and does the exchange in a non windows based window . Much like Norton disk doctor if you 've ever scheduled a surface scan with the fix errors checked.I 'm so glad to have this tool , would use again , and comes with highest recommendation .
 Sometimes you find a product that does what it says it will do and is easy to use , this is one of those products . Just do n't forget to put the adapter on the hard drive like I did and it will be fine .
 Went from 10GB to 250 GB in my old Dell Inspiron 8600 in less than 30 minutes from package opening to boot of the new drive . No muss no fuss no cryptic error messages -LRB- ala Symantec Ghost -RRB- . Highly recommend it .
 This product perfectly suits my needs . I rate this product 5 stars . The purpose for which I bought this product is to clone my notebook harddrive as I upgrade from a lower to a higher capacity . I may also use this to backup my harddrive . My trust at this product stems from my happy experience so long ago with its previous version , Apricorn 's EZ Notebook Upgrade Kit which included the software EZ Gig II . It even allowed me cloning -LRB- instead of simply imaging -RRB- from a higher to a lower capacity harddrive which I would use as a backup -LRB- Windows 98 and Windows XP Media Center -RRB- for my laptops . I also bought an adapter , and so I was also able to use EZ Gig II to clone and backup my desktop pc . I never had any problems , and Apricorn 's customer service was excellent . As the Serial ATA -LRB- SATA -RRB- port and Windows Vista operating system came about , I had to buy this new product . The old version only applied to parallel ATA -LRB- PATA -RRB- ports with operating systems prior to Windows Vista . SATA and Windows Vista did not yet exist at the time that I bought the old version . This new product now applies to both PATA and SATA ports -LRB- both from IDE or EIDE -RRB- , and Windows XP and Windows Vista operating systems . Apricorn 's literature indicates this product also applies to Apple 's MAC .
 The Apricorn EZ-UP-UNIVERSAL EZ Upgrade Universal Hard Drive Upgrade Kit performed flawlessly and easily . Highly recommended for all hard drive upgrades
 There 's the old adage about , `` If it seems to be too good to be true , it probably is . '' This product defies that logic . It seems too good to be true , but it is.I just changed out my Dell laptop Inspiron 60GB original drive with a 160 WD using the EZ GIG software . It went flawlessly . I cloned the original drive in a little over an hour . Another 10 minutes to replace the existing with the cloned , and voila !! EZ Gig software as an added feature also allows you to image a disk -LRB- as opposed to simply cloning -RRB- , and offers the ability to create a bootable restore CD . I ca n't find anything about this software that is n't superb .
 It was really simple as they said it would be.The instructions where clear and after a short while I was done replacing my old , low capacity , internal hard drive . I thought I 'll keep it as a backup for a while till I 'm confident everything is working as well as it was before the switch . Now , I 'm using my old hard drive as an additional external storage which is really great.Saved me lots of time , did n't costs much , I can reuse it if needed in the future and I 'm still using the old hard drive .
 This is the BEST , COOLEST product I have used in a long time . Worked exactly as described . Put the new hard drvie in the supplied enclosure -LRB- the one I received is very solid aluminum -RRB- . Plugged into my laptop and booted from the supplied disk . Followed the simple onscreen instructions . It took 90 minutes to clone 70 GB of data to the new hard drive . The congratulations screen came up , I shut down the laptop , switched hard drives , and like magic the laptop booted up with everything exactly as on the old drive except for an extra 100GB of space . Software also give the ability to make a recovery disk . I have n't tried that yet.Read all the instructions first . The only problem I encountered was that in some documentation it states the best way to clone is to install the software and run from windows , and in other documentation it states the best way is to boot from the disk and clone from there . I tried cloning from windows -LRB- XP -RRB- and got a write error about 30 minutes into the process . I shut everything down and then booted from the disk . The clone went perfectly.I highly recommend this product . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This product worked just as advertised only AFTER I located a power supply for the hard drive enclosure . I was able to use an old cell phone charger that had the correct plug and voltage output . I upgraded to a Seagate ST9160821A-RK 160 GB Ultra ATA 2.5-Inch Internal Hard Drive for my HP Pavillion Media Center dv5140us . Perhaps the Seagate requires more power than the USB port puts out . I seem to be the only one that has had this power problem though , and Apricorn does sell a power supply for the enclosure at their website.HP tech support told me it was not possible to upgrade my laptop to a larger hard drive , but thanks to Amazon and Apricorn HP was proven wrong !
 This upgrade product rocks ! I used this kit to upgrade my 3-year old Gateway M320 40gb hard drive to WD 120 Scorpio . Total time -LRB- after reading the instructions carefully -RRB- from chkdsk and defrag old drive to swapping in new drive and successful bootup -- 2 1/2 hours . An anxious moment when the initial bootup takes a while , then joy to see this product did exactly what it says it will do !! Looking forward to try the other features of the software , and using the old drive for backups and extra storage !!
 I was having problems with my ZD7058 HP Notebook . It took forever to do anything , and sometimes it could n't boot up . I had been nursing the hard drive along by marking the bad sectors and moving the data for some time.I ordered this Apricorn product to attempt to recover the old drive to a new and slightly larger drive -LRB- 80gb to 120gb -RRB- . Thanks to Norton 's Go Back I was able to get my PC to a bootable configuration and started the Apricorn software . Follow the instructions with the unit . I was a little apprehensive while it was running because it made slow progress -LRB- 3 or 4 hours -RRB- for an 80gb drive.The biggest surprises were after it finished . What had occupied 49gb of space on the old drive only occupied 36gb on the new drive . Boot up is much faster and everything runs faster than it had before . I had n't realized how bad the old drive had become . I have not detected anything missing/lost by the transfer and the speed increase is like buying a new PC.FIVE STARS for doing what it says it will do . It 's now been more than a month since the cloning , and still nothing missing or corrupted . As my title says `` A Product That Actually Does What The PR Says It Will !! '' . DISCLAIMER
 I was able to clone my Dell 's hard drive to a new , bigger drive without any loss of data . It 's pretty much plug an ' chug software so no steep learning curve needed . Upgraded from 40 GB to 80GB in only about an hour total . It did the formatting and partitioning and delivered me a new laptop drive with no fuss.Be not afraid ... . it works .
 very good product . Simple , easy to follow instructions . I was amazed at how simple it was to copy one hard drive to another then install the new one into my laptop and immediately use the computer .
 Apricorn EZ Upgrade Universal Hard Drive Upgrade Kit -LRB- EZ-UP-UNIVERSAL -RRB- Have you ever dealt with a technically convoluted problem?Try cloning or upgrading a dying HD in a laptop.Then try it with this tool!Awesome difference!Great product , reasonable price , Amazon provided maximum distribution skills and perks . Thanks to all .
 First of all , this product worked excellent , it was the fact that I have a Thinkpad that required a bit of tweaking of the instructions . It 's also a great product because the enclosure can remain as a backup drive.I 'm providing this review in hopes that it saves someone else some time and hassle.I ran into a problem following the regular directions , as my laptop would n't recognize the usb enclosure.I called customer service and received excellent assistance.Here are the steps which I was told to take : -LRB- First ask for newest build for the software since it 's likely that the cd you get is n't the most recent version . -RRB- 1 . Download the latest build of the software from the link that the technical support will email you .2 . Burn -LRB- not just copy -RRB- the . iso image onto a cd . -LRB- Optional step -RRB- Run software and backup your hard drive before proceeding3 . Open the cd drive and shut off your computer4 . Once the computer is off , insert the cd into the drive5 . Then reverse the procedure in the instructions and place the NEW drive in your computer and the OLD drive in the usb enclosure6 . Plug in the USB cables .7 . Turn on the computer and press F12 to access BIOS .8 . Enter the BIOS Setup9 . Go to the Security page and disable the Security Chip and Pre-Desktop Area -LRB- if enabled -RRB- .10 . Change the Boot Order to the CD drive .11 . Save changes by pressing F10 and exit .12 . Boot to the EZ Gig cd .13 . Select Disk Clone option and clone the external drive -LRB- with the OLD DRIVE inside -RRB- to the internal drive -LRB- the NEW DRIVE -RRB- . Remember this is opposite the instructions included with the guide .14 . If you wish to keep the Rescue and Recovery portion of your Thinkpad , select manual sizing for partitions .15 . Size the Rescue and Recovery partition as close as you can get it to your original drive and make sure it is in the first portion of the hard drive . -LRB- Otherwise the Thinkpad can not recognize that portion if it is sized differently or in a different area of the hard drive -RRB- 16 . If you are upgrading to a larger hard drive , then select the other partition and move the slider to set it back to back with the Rescue and Recovery portion . This will result in two partitions
 I used this to clone/upgrade an 80GB laptop drive to a new 320GB one . At first I tried to do this without buying the AC adapter . It would n't copy properly - it took forever and I got tons of read/write errors . I called Apricorn support and learned that the optional AC adapter is needed with the faster drives -LRB- 7200 rpm vs. 5400 rpm -RRB- . I ordered the AC adapter and now the cloning takes 30 mins and does n't have errors . If you do n't have the AC adapter and are cloning a 5400 to a 7200 -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- , just make sure the 7200 drive is in the laptop and the 5400 is in the Apricorn enclosure since the enclosure draws enough power via USB to spin the 5400 drive .
 The 20 GB hard drive in my wife 's notebook PC was almost full and we wanted to upgrade to a larger drive while preserving all of her programs , data , settings , etc. . I did a search and found EZ Gig to be the preferred notebook hard drive upgrade/replacement solution.It comes with excellent instructions and everything you need to get the job done -LRB- except the new drive which is purchased separately -RRB- . It took less than 30 minutes to install the software and hardware , make a backup image of the old drive , start the cloning process , and install the new drive in the notebook PC . Obviously , the copying process can take a few hours , but that can be done at night or on the weekend when the PC is not in use.This is an outstanding product and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to upgrade/replace the hard drive in their notebook PC .
 This product worked as advertised . Upgrading my hard drive was literally an EZ process.I have a Thinkpad T40 with a 40GB internal hard drive -LRB- with two partitions -RRB- I wanted to upgrade . I bought a Hitachi TravelStar 160GB internal hard drive separately -LRB- obviously not included -RRB- . The process took three steps and less than thirty minutes : Step One
 The Apricorn EZ Hard Drive Upgrade Kit easily saved me a day 's worth of work . Since the hard drive in my Compaq laptop was reporting a SMART error that predicted imminent drive failure , Windows XP was taking about 20 minutes to boot . Worse , the system would not stay alive long enough to backup the data files , let alone all the applications that I had installed with updates . However , with the EZ Upgrade hard drive kit , I was able to boot from the included CD and then directly copy the old hard drive to the new drive in under an hour . After which , it was a simple matter of replacing the old hard drive with the new hard drive . Once done , the system booted perfectly . I wholeheartedly recommend this product to anyone else that faces a similar situation .
 I was able to successfully upgrade -LRB- clone -RRB- to a new 500 GB , 7200 RPM hard drive on a Dell Precision M6300 running the 64 bit version of Windows 7 . However , there are a few crucial pieces of information you should be aware of before you start . Some of this information is buried in the documentation and not readily apparrent or does n't exist in their docs at all . Thanks to some of the reviews posted here I was able to complete the process without much trouble.First , the reviews indicating this product does not work on Windows 7 , 64 bit are not entirely accurate . Yes , it will not work if you INSTALL the software on a 64 bit machine but it will work if you boot directly to the cd . Be aware that if your cd does not preceed the hard drive in your boot sequence you will either need to modify your BIOS settings or easier yet , reboot and wait until the message appears that specifies what function key to press to manually change the boot sequence -LRB- F12 in my case -RRB- . Be ready as you will only have a few seconds to press the key . If you miss you will have to wait until it completes and try again.Second , 7200 RPM HDD 's require more power than your standard 5400 RPM drive . The documentation is pretty clear on this . You will either need to use a power adapter or a USB `` Y '' cable -LRB- the kind with two USB connectors -RRB- neither of which are included with the original product . Some reviewers said they were able to successfully clone to a 7200 RPM drive using just the standard USB cable but you are opening the door to possible failures down the road . I was able to use a `` Y '' connector I had from another external drive.Third , and probably most important , be prepared and do n't panic in the event of a clone failure . The review by Stephen Hjemboe , `` Yes , you can clone Windows 7 '' , really helped me here as my first attempt to clone the drive ended in failure with a flurry of `` sector write errors '' after about 30 minutes or so . I had followed Apricorn 's 3 step instructions ; placing the new drive in the USB case -LRB- which is very easy by the way -RRB- and attempting to clone from the laptop to the USB drive . Thanks to Stephen 's review which contained an undocumented work around , I did n't panic . I was able to successfully perform the cloning process . In a nutshell , his workaround is this :1 . Swap the drives before cloning . Basically , you want to place your new drive in your laptop and your old laptop drive in the USB case .2 . Boot to the cd , choose the clone option and select the `` Custom '' configuration in the Clone Wizard . This will take you through some prompts , most of which you can leave on the default setting . The prompts you are interested in are the ones that ask you to select the source and target drives . It is important that you specify the USB drive as the source and your laptop drive as the target . You will have a chance to review your settings before you kick things off . Make sure you see `` 2 - > 1 '' as the clone direction before proceeding .3 . Start the clone process . Depending on the size of your drive it will probably take an hour or so . It took me about 1:15 to clone a 150 GB drive . Note
 Product gets a 4 , Apricorn Support gets a 1 !! This product ships with a CD that is version 2 of the EZ GIG software . It does not work with laptops that have a separate partition for system recovery , but Apricorn support does not have a clue to that issue.Once you get Apricorn to give you the key to the latest version , which is version 8 , and create a install cd for it the software works fine.Get the latest version before you start your upgrade . You will save yourself many hours of frustration .
 This product does everything that I needed from Norton Ghost . And it costs half as much as Norton Ghost . Plus it includes a nice laptop compatible drive enclosure.It can easily move existing hard drives to image files stored on USB drives . It does this much better than Norton Ghost 12 , which often crashes in the middle . The CD-ROM is bootable , so it copies outside of windows . The bootable disk worked fine with all USB drives that I used.I use it to upgrade hard drives as well as create sector level backups of my Windows computers .
 I used the EZ Upgrade Kit to upgrade the original Seagate PATA 80G drive in my old Compaq Presario V2000 Laptop to a 160GB Seagate ST9160821A since I was running low on space on the original drive . The laptop came with a 8GB D
 Ladies and Gentlemen , Hello , I just had to write this review . I have never worked on a computer before , I have never tried to clone a hard drive or anything like that before . I am telling you this because I want you to understand just how simple and easy to use this product is . I followed the very simple `` on box '' directions and it took me around 50 minutes . Worked perfectly , no snags at all with this product.Look
 This was exactly what I needed to migrate from my Laptop 's HDD to the SSD . It was very easy and the only thing that I would have liked was more control over what I could copy versus just the Document folders
 This product works great and was really easy to use.old HP laptop died , screen would n't work . I guessed the hard drive still worked . I bought this product , took the laptop apart pulled out the hard drive , grounding my hand with the kitchen faucet . I put the hard drive into the little metal box , plugged the usb into the new laptop and transfered all documents easily.I did not use the software . I have used it to transfer files now as a normal external hardrive.I figure I will eventually set it up as a automatic backup .
 From a hardware perspective it works great as an external enclosure for my old laptop harddrive . However I tried to use the supplied software to image my new drive with my old one . Did not work at all , in fact it rendered my new drive useless . I had to unmount my drive and then reformat it . DO NOT USE TO IMAGE A DRIVE . I used a third party program to image the drive and it worked flawlessly , very fast performance . I used it to back up my entire system and takes less than an hour .
 I had to jam my old laptop hard drive into this case as it had screws I could n't remove , but it works great . I would buy again .
 I could not have had an easier time with migrating to a new hard drive ! It 's so much easier than installing your OS on a new drive and then all of your programs and settings and hoping everything lines up . With this kit , and the software that came with it , I was able to transfer everything in about 80 minutes . My laptop was up and running on the first try without any issues and has been stable for months . This is the way to go for hassle free drive upgrades .
 Easy to assemble and use . Software is straightforward . Very simple to clone the new drive.Worked right out of the box .
 I needed a well built enclosure for a hard drive I removed from my computer because I wanted to use the hard drive as a backup . The case comes apart , you install the hard drive , and anchor it with four screws . It also has a CD to reformat the drive . It was a third cheaper from Amazon than the local electronics store . Money well spent so I could reuse the hard driver .
 Bough this to clone my slow , almost full laptop drive . Case was really nice and software worked flawlessly . Within an hour , my drive was cloned and up and running . I now have a smaller portable external drive in the case til the next time I use it . Great price too !
 High quality enclosure . Easy to install and operate . A little more step by step documentation would have eased the stress level . Took just a few minutes .
 Replaced the stock 40GB Hitachi drive in an IBM X31 Thinkpad with a Samsung 160GB . Everything went smoothly with no problems . Recommended product .
 I was referred to this product from after searching online for directions on changing my laptop internal hard drive . This product helped tremendously !! I do n't think I could have done it with out it !
 My 2005 IBM laptop was acting weird . Symptoms of a possible impending hard drive failure . I bought a new hard drive . I bought the Apricorn hard drive upgrade/cloner kit . Loaded the program - cloned the hard drive - removed the failing drive - replaced it with the much larger and brand new cloned hard drive - works perfectly ! Bear in mind , that by `` clone '' , I mean CLONE ! The program copied everything from the old hard drive to the new hard drive perfectly - all the programs , all my settings - all my data - everything ! Absolutely nothing changed when I swapped out the old drive for the new drive . I was really impressed ! In addition , I can now use the old hard drive as an external storage device because the kit came with a neat drive housing . -LRB- However , I did n't want to risk the old drive failing with a lot of data stored on it , so I 'm not using it as a storage device - but I could -RRB- Product worked exactly as advertised . It was easy to install and implement . The whole process took less than an hour . I highly recommend this kit ! This is truly a lifesaver kit !
 It took me all of ten minutes to upgrade my laptop 's 80gb HDD to a 320gb with this product . Actually , the most difficult part was getting it out of the packaging . I would definatly reccomend this to anyone who is looking to upgrade their notebook 's HHD or create a backup .
 I bought Ghost to upgrade a hard drive . Played with it for weeks . While I am no Bill Gates , I can do many things with a computer . Ghost never explained how to ghost a hard drive.This program was simple , easy to understand and came with a hard drive case that I now use the old hard drive as a backup . Wish I had bought this one first .
 Great solution -- worked as promised , no glitches . I even only had USB1 .0 and it still was great . Now used as an external usb drive . Software easy as well . Buy it . -LRB- This was to replace an old Thinkpad 16GB with a 160GB disk -RRB-
 Excellent product . Worked exactly as described . A great time saver to copy from old hard drive to new hard drive .
 I successfully used the EZGigIV software to clone several hard drives . It formats drive automatically and drive can also be used as an external storage/backup drive . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased the Apricom EZ-UP because I wanted to upgrade the hard drives on my laptops to SSD . One of the laptops is a relatively new HP Pavilion and the other is an old Dell inspiron 1200 . The Dell system uses a PATA drive and I have not opened the HP yet.When I started I did not want to remove the Dell HDD until I had a workable replacement ready to insert . So , I put the SSD in the EZ-UP case and plugged it in to the USB port . The EZ-UP was not recognized by any of my file managers or the EZ-UP software . I got an error message that said I should be sure the device was connected `` and powered '' . This is where the documentation and instructions are lacking . The device has and external 5V DC power port . I thought maybe the thing should have an external power source attached but no such devices were mentioned in the product descriptions.I have a 64Gb SATA SSD attached to my OS X system so I removed it and inserted it in the EZ-UP case . Now the device was recognized and I could have used Acronis TrueImage to clone the Dell system to this drive . However , since this SSD is SATA it would be useless for the Dell system . Jsut to be sure the problem was the new SSD I removed the Dell HDD and replaced it with the SSD . I booted the system from my recovery Acronis TrueImage CD and could see the SSD.When I placed the Dell HDD in the EZ-UP case and connected it via the USB cable Acronis could see it and I was able to clone the Dell drive to the new SSD . Acronis said the SSD had some existing partitions . I would guess that the drive partitioning was the reason the EZ-UP device was not recognized when I first attached it.The only reason I did not give this product 5 stars was the error message wording and the lack of other documentation . Otherwise , I found it to be a very useful utility device .
 Excellent product . Worked like a charm . An inexpensive way to save a laptop with a failing hard drive . I definitely recommend it .
 cradle worked , software did not , `` clone does not support different block size `` I used the western digital acronis software instead , it worked fine .
 This works I dont know why others rated this as bad but it worked for me . I was replacing a failing 640 gig hdd with a 1 tb hdd and it did it in under two hours . Packaging sucked but a sharp knife overcame that . Just dont cut through the packaging label its the instructions .
 Disclosure -- did not buy this from Amazon . The hard drive in my refurb Thinkpad was getting iffy . sometimes clicky . I was really worried about trying to back up to a cloned drive , because I had heard terrible tales of new hdd 's that would n't boot . After googling a bit , I found that the recommended solution is
 1 - the encluservery durable and easy to open , close , and swipe drivesSATA , PATA , 3-6 GPBSpowwer supply input for extra power , eg in car with stereo ... etc not needed for PCdown side , too heavy2 - the software320GB / 100GB used in approximatly 70minvery easy to usewhen clone your new drive will have the new drive manufacturer name not old drive manufacturer nameideal if you switch from higher capacity HDD to lower Capacity SSD you wont get not original windows after cloning3 - recommendationin case you really need PATA port to clone from or need a PATA encluser , or want to swap drives easly in to a singleencluser so this is your item approximatly 12 $ is what the encluser cost you and it is great encluser except that apperanceis not so great and it is heavyin case you just need to clone SATA drive and that is it buy the other apricorn clone software that comes with only USBCable only 19.99 $ from Amazon as welleither way you chose to go the most important is apricorn clone software is amazing and easy even a kid will be able to useit
 Very easy to use hardware and software . I cloned my smaller original laptop drive to a new larger drive with no problems . All the drivers worked after the drive swap . Only thing that had to be installed after the swap were drivers for the new brand and model drive.The software was very easy to use . The hardware worked well . The SATA drive connection inside the case does n't connect as fully as the connection in the PC so that had me a little worried . No problems occurred though . I have n't used the old drive as a portable drive in the case so I ca n't comment on how well that works .
 Installation and setup were straight forward . I skipped a step prior to cloning my drive . I did n't prepare my old hard drive properly . The program did n't mind that the drive had issues . It would have let me clone my drive as it was , but it warned me there might be problems . After I cleaned up my original drive it cloned it without a hitch.After I was done I was able to keep my old hard drive in the case and use it as a handy 150gb drive to transfer files.I 'm very happy with both the software and hardware .
 I purchased this so I could clone a new hard drive for my laptop . I wanted to upgrade my Dell Inspiron e1505 laptop to Windows 7 , but the original hard drive was n't large enough to handle the operating system includig the few programs I run consistently . I bought this after looking at the Dell website for recommendations for both a hard drive and for a cloning device.I had many problems getting this to work with the e1505 . I do n't believe the problems were related to the EZ-Upgrade , but to the the Media Direct program in the Dell laptop . The laptop dates from 2006 . There were many sites suggesting that upgrading the hard drive could be trouble and it was . After many tries , including down loading EZ gigabit III from the website and trying it , I finally called EZ Tech Support -LRB- 4 days of moving the hard drives back and forth and reformatting the new hard disk -RRB- . Tech Support was aware of the problem with Media Direct -LRB- they said version 2 although I ca n't confirm , that is the version I had -RRB- . Instructions were sent via email on how to remove the data in a sector of the existing hard drive , and then running the EZ program . The instructions did n't specify EZ II or III . I tried II first . It did n't work.What finally did work
 This product was the perfect solution for migrating the overloaded 40 gig drive on my IBM T42 laptop to a shiny new 320 gig drive . Absolutely no problems at all . In less than 30 minutes everything from my old drive was transferred to the new drive and after swapping them my system booted normally and everything was as it was before , other than having a LOT more storage . And the enclosure provided will be very useful as an external drive . I could n't be more satisfied !
 This product is really working as what is said in the ads . Upgrading my laptop hard drive was very easy just following simple instructions .
 This is an outstanding product . Followed the easy instructions and had cloned my hard drive within 15 minutes.I certainly recommend !
 This product is absolutely fantastic . I used it to upgrade my Lenovo notebook computer hard drive to 500 gig . It let me transfer the entire contents and system to the new drive . I called the company for support and they were great . Afterwards you can even use the old hard drive as a USB drive .
 This was the best investment I 've made in quite some time . Putting a bigger hard drive in my laptop simply could n't have been easier . And I 'm saying that as somebody who had a problem during the process ! However , Apricon offers both phone and email support , and they could n't have been better . Turns out that the problem was with my computer , and not their software , but they helped me fix it anyway.And now I have a place to backup my important documents and pictures to , which I did n't know I would be getting . Such a bargain!As a person who is n't really technically minded , I highly recommend it .
 works great . good instructions . software is easy to use . hard drive case is well made and durable . my laptop really needed a new hard drive . it 's like a new computer again .
 I 've upgraded my Lenovo N100 HDD from 80 GB to 320 GB . As this machine has a second partition reserved to the OS recovery , I had to manually setup the cloning process to allow for the unallocated space to be contigous to the primary partition and the recovery partition at the end of the new HDD . After that , I extended the Windows partition using Bootit-next-generation . The happy ending
 I wanted to replace the 75GB HD in my Dell Latitude laptop with a larger one , but was uncomfortable moving everything from one drive to the other . I did some research and found the EZ . I got the drive from Dell and the EZ from Amazon within a day of each other , sat down , followed the instructions -LRB- very simple instructions -RRB- , and the 70GB of stuff was transferred within an hour . I took out the old drive , put the new one in and it worked perfectly . The EZ housing serves as a storage container for the old drive which is now a separate , extra drive . A very cool product !
 Worked perfectly . Quick and easy setup . I 'm so glad to have a larger hard drive so smoothly , without having to reinstall everything . I have a Dell Inspiron 5160 and upgraded to a Western Digital 160 GB drive ...
 I 've done many hard drive upgrades manually . I decided to give this package a go based on the recommendations of others . It was well worth the money on the time savings alone . I upgraded from a 120Gb drive in my thinkpad to a 320Gb drive -LRB- both SATA -RRB- . I am running Windows XP . I did n't even read the directions . I installed the new drive in the provided enclosure , connected it to the USB port and booted to the provided CD . I then selected the clone option and clicked through a few screens leaving the options to the default . Within 20 minutes it was done . I then swapped the drives in the laptop and I was good to go . Ca n't get any easier than that
 I have a thinkpad X61 , originally 120gb upgrading to 320gb . Ez upgrade is quite confusing since they do n't give me an actually manual and you have to go to their website to get one . Here 's a brief instruction : - Delete any unnecessary files -LRB- you do n't want to waste time on this -RRB- - Clean up and defragment laptop - Turn off laptop - Connect Ez upgrade to laptop via USB and put disc in laptop - Boot laptop with disc already in laptop and ez upgrade connected - Follow instruction on screen - When done disconnect ez-upgrade and turn off laptop -LRB- do not reboot laptop with ez-upgrade still connected because it would alter some settings in the hard drive -RRB- - Follow your laptop instruction manual as to how to locate hard drive slots and how to remove them . Cnet.com has a video to demonstrate this , search it upUSB cable came with product is slow , it 's version 1.1 . Recommend USB 2.0 for faster transaction . Mine took 2 hours for about 80gb of files.Taking the hard drive out of Ez upgrade is a pain since I was afraid to damage the hard drive , you have to wiggle it a little bit as you pull it out .
 I just got the Apricorn EZ-UP-UNIVERSAL EZ Upgrade Universal Hard Drive Upgrade Kit as a Christmas present . I used it to upgrade a 30GB Hitachi drive in my Dell Latitude C640 to a 160GB Seagate . I was glad I read the reviews for some of the feedback because I had a couple of issues , but a day later , it 's like I have a new computer . My laptop has only a 1.1 USB port , so it was slow going -LRB- 6 hours -RRB- as others mentioned , but I did n't have to use an external power supply . I do strongly recommend that you go to the Apricorn website and read the detailed documentation . I used the boot from CD method . I did have the error message afterwards when removing a flash drive . Here 's how to fix it :1 . Go to Device Manager2 . Under View , select Show hidden devices3 . Scroll down to Storage Volumes and expand4 . For all Generic volumes listed , right-click and select Update driver5 . Let Windows find the driver , you may or may not need to rebootWhen you 're done , the error goes away . Not too complex , but I would n't attempt this whole thing unless you 're somewhat savvy with computers.Overall , I still gave a rating of 5 stars because the process worked very well , and I read that other cloning software had the same issue with the error message afterward , so I 'm thinking that 's a general quirk with cloning a drive with XP . After it 's all said and done , I 've got a lot more storage and a blazing fast -LRB- comparitively -RRB- laptop . Good product .
 The Apricon EZ Upgrade kit worked flawlessly to upgrade the disk in a Dell Inspiron 600m with Windows XP . Cloning the Dell 's 60GB disk to a new 250GB Western Digital WD2500BEVE took about an hour for copying , and a few more minutes to swap the drives . If you upgrade this or similar Dells , you will need to remove the pin adapter from the old drive and put it onto the new drive before inserting the new drive in the Dell drive caddy .
 The cloning software works and is easy to use . The drive enclosure is very well made and can be used as a nice external drive enclosure when not cloning hard drives . I saved a lot of money by swapping hard drives myself rather than using a shop . Highly recommended .
 I got the Apricorn EZ-UP `` Clone Kit '' to upgrade my laptop.Wow !! This product worked like a champ . It also saved my hide when I tried to mess with partitions on the laptop -LRB- went from 40GB to 320GB -RRB- to put up Ubuntu Linux -LRB- while saving the existing Rescue and Recovery partitions and the MBR -RRB- and blew up the O/S -LRB- Windoze XP pro -RRB- . Re-partitioned , and reused the product and viola -- good disk.The product is extremely well documented . This was a totally painless upgrade , very straight forward and most importantly -- it worked first time out of the box !!! I would recommend this product for any laptop HD upgrade !!!!!!
 this suppose to be a really complicated process and requires another computer with the right cable and connector to ghost the drive but with this upgrade kit , I was on a new hard drive an hour later . You can even re-use the kit as a portable USB hard drive . Simply genius .
 The CD that came with the kit was accidentally damaged ... so I tried to call tech support which was no where to be found ... when you go to their website you can see that online chat with tech support should be available from 8am-5pm PST but , they are never there ... and when you call their telephone line you will have to wait forever and at the end of the day nobody would pick up the phone . It was sooo frustrating indeed ... I decided to call up their sales and sure enough when it is about sales somebody picked up ... the guy happened to extend the help and so I was able to fix and recover the CD online through their download site ... well when this ordeal was thru ... installation was a breeze ... I cloned my laptop 's 100Gig HD in no time and swapped the new drive to my laptop ... when I booted up it was as if nothing happened ... this is really a work of a genius ... Had it not been for this software , you have to reinstall the OS and all the drivers and this can take ages ... the happy ending made me forgive the Poor tech support from Apricorn and still give them 5 stars ... where it not for the support glitch ... I would given this product 10stars hehehehe ... that 's how good this is ... I wo n't hesitate to buy this product again .
 Package ordered 11/23/10 arrived 11/28/10 , fast service product was what i expected , the upgrade went fine no problems , simple software to follow . THANKS
 The kit worked perfectly . The process took less than 30 minutes from start to finish .
 This is nice to have around . I often run into the need to turn an IDE and/or SATA 2.5 '' drive into an external . I have n't used the software , but I love the external case itself .
 I cloned my Windows 7 drive to a Seagate Momentus XT 500 GB 7200RPM SATA Solid State Hybrid Drive on a Lenovo X201 . I had to do some research before I found a method that worked . But I got the correct advice on an Apricorn FAQ page -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . The tricks that worked for me were
 I was a little skeptical about this product , but in the end my experience quite exceeded my expectations . I wanted to upgrade an older Dell laptop -LRB- Latitude D610 -RRB- to a bigger hard drive -LRB- Western Digital 120 GB Scorpio Blue PATA 5400 RPM 8 MB Cache Bulk/OEM Notebook Hard Drive WD1200BEVE -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB- -RRB- . Simply ran the software and followed all the default settings . There was no hard part - if you can use a screwdriver you 're all set . And when you 're done , you have a spare drive in a solid case that becomes a backup drive , which you can connect to any machine . Really nice , really easy .
 Apricorn EZ-UP-UNIVERSAL EZ Upgrade Universal Hard Drive Upgrade KitThe easiest upgrade ever and it made my life much easier . Very easy to follow , very reliable and best 40 dollars I spent .
 Used the upgrade kit to upgrade my wife 's laptop hard drive . It was easy to use . The software was simple , and in just a few steps , I was cloning the existing hard disk .
 Very easy BUT the instructions did n't work on my Thinkpad T61 with Vista . I hooked up my new 320GB drive via USB and inserted the CD and got nothing . Tried executing the Autorun and still nothing , so I powered off the laptop and rebooted with the CD in , and the menu came up . It took 1 1/2 hrs to copy 130GB to the new drive . All in all , and VERY good experience and I end up with my old 160GB drive as an external USB drive .
 The upgrade kit was extremely easy to set-up , install and use . I could not believe it ! I booted from the CD on my HP Pavilion Laptop running Vista and it booted up like a charm . I ran the disk copy and after nearly 8 hours of transferring , it failed !!! I retried and three hours later , it worked like a charm . I swapped the 120GB laptop HD with a new 500GB HD and I was up and running . It could n't be easier.Visit CNET to get a good overview on how to do the swap , it helped me feel confident enough to do it .
 Steps :1 . Install the software .2 . Put a blank harddrive in the provided enclosure .3 . Run the software -LRB- note that you do not need to have a CD drive connected to the computer to do this part -RRB- .4 . Swap the hard drive in the enclosure for the one in your laptop.You are done ! The whole process -LRB- for a full 40GB harddrive -RRB- took about 1 hour . The old drive can now be used for storage with the enclosure .
 This item was so easy to use , I had and old laptop with win . XP and a 20 Gig Hard Drive and the instructions were so simple to follow on the manual . It took me about 20 minutes to set it up and leave it running . I do not know exactly how long it took because my USB ports are 1.0 not the like the new ones 2.0 so I think it took a few hours to complete the transfer , but when it was done it finished I had an exact copy of EVERYTHING I had on my old drive onto to my new 60 Gig drive . Awesome !!!
 I use the Upgrade Kit primarily as a portable backup . As such it works fine for me . The original harddrive was slower than the replacment drive and so I 'm not sure whether it 's the drive or the Upgrade Kit -- but access is really slow . I 've given it 5 stars because it is small and compact and installation is really very simple and easy . Support from Apricorn was good as well . There might be some persons who would want to synchronize their old drive with the new one , but I wanted a clean install so I ca n't comment on the synchronize characteristics . The backup software allows the user to create , explore and restore exact images of the harddrive and it actually works well .
 I bought this to replace my 40GB drive on my Averatec laptop . I followed the instructions the LED lit up , but my laptop would not recognize the 100 GB drive I bought . I was fuuumminggg ! I was cursing every living thing near me until I reopened the case and shoved the drive as far as I could into the universal interface . Then and only then did I realize I had not pushed the pins far enough in my attempt to be super delicate with my new drive . Please , save yourself some heartache and ensure the pins are seated correctly . I cloned the drive through Windows and it worked perfectly . Upgrading my HD from 4200 to 7200 has made a great difference in performance .
 The hardware is a nice clean package that is well made . The software in the box was out of date but a call to Tech Support got me a download of EZ GIG III . I even got an unlocked copy of the software that works with other USB external drives and it is invaluable to back up the primary drives of my computers . I use the software with external USB hard disk drive cases to store mirrored files on normal 3 1/2 inch HDDs.It took 24 minutes to copy my primary drive to an Intel 160 GB SSD . No problems at all ! The software ran in Windows 7 perfectly . The software transferred the data from the primary 1TB drive to the 160 Gb drive and resized the partitions automatically . Upon reboot with the old primary drive removed , the system converted the drive to the new SSD primary drive and relabeled it to Drive C. Could n't be easier . It is step by step with a clock to tell you how long it will take and how fast it is transferring data . It does not verify the data after transfer as the primary drive is still running Windows.It was a good investment .
 Seems the people having the most problems with this are running a Dell laptop or Windows7 . I have a ThinkPad T30 running XP . The first issue you need to address is how large of a drive does your bios support ? My old laptop ca n't support drives larger than 150-160GB so I went with a 7200rpm drive , going for speed rather than capacity . The product worked exactly as described with no major issues . Minor issue was that the software did not recognize the USB2 pcmcia card so I was forced to spend 20 hours copying the drive using the built-in USB 1 ports . I did not see a way to run this as a two-step process , so I used the default/EZ method after booting from the CD.After copying the drive , I was able to install the faster clone . WinXP booted easily , asked to reboot once , then it came right up . I ran an exhaustive disk check since the partition size was expanded . Windows kept running the disk check and BSD 'd on me a few times before I restarted with last known good configuration and removed the disk check with regedit - all of which I blame on Windows.After wrestling with it for 20 minutes the system is booting fine . It 's quite impressive for what it does . Had I needed to do this manually it would have taken days instead of hours . This kit works with a majority of laptops , mostly older non-Dell . I 've never met a Dell owner who has n't encountered an `` issue '' with their system - so , quit blaming everyone else . `` You bought a Dell , dude . '' - good luck with that.Windows7 . Enough said . This is why I was upgrading my WinXP laptop because once it dies I 'm replacing it with a MacBook Pro .
 I did as a lot of the reviewers suggested by first getting the old hard drive into decent shape -LRB- defragging , etc. -RRB- . I also made sure I did n't have any USB drives or anything else connected to the laptop.I 'll actually steal a little of James T 's thunder -LRB- review posted June 1 , 2011 -RRB- , because his review helped me the most .1 . I used the EZ Gig III software CD included in the kit , making a boot disk -LRB- CD -RRB- . The software will take you through the steps , so it 's easy to do . I ran the program from this boot disk .2 . I turned off my computer , unplugged the power cord , removed the battery , removed the old hard drive . I had one -LRB- slight -RRB- problem with the old hard drive , in that it was enclosed in a chassis . In order for the new hard drive to fit in my laptop -LRB- a Western Digital 250GB -RRB- , I needed a tiny Philips head screwdriver , which I did n't have . A trip to the local hardware warehouse , and I was back in business , installing the new hard drive into my laptop.Let me say this
 Great information in these reviews . Let me add what I 've learned.Dell Inspiron 1420 with Media Direct 3.3 Western Digital 7200 RPM , 320GB Scorpion Black with free fall sensorReading through reviews , I found issues to be aware of and tried to research solutions . Here 's what worked for me.Issue-Some say there is not enough power for a 7200 RPM drive to operate properly in the Apricorn housing.What I did-I installed the new drive in the laptop and put the old drive in the housing . The Apricorn software automatically recognized the proper direction for the clone . I ended up doing the clone twice -LRB- see below -RRB- and even the second time , selecting the direction for the clone was very easy.Issue-Many reports that Dell Media Direct will ruin the clone.What I did-I did a lot of research on this and discovered that the issue seems to only affect versions 1 and 2 . Our Inspiron 1420 has Media Direct 3.3 and it did not appear to cause any problems . I did n't do anything to accommodate Media Direct other than address the partition size issue -LRB- see below -RRB- . Issue-In automatic mode , Apricorn software dramatically increased the size of the Dell Recovery partition and the Media Direct partition , but not the C
 If you just want to upgrade your notebook 's hard drive there is no simpler way to do it . Insert the new drive in the enclosure -LRB- no need to close it up -RRB- and run the application from the CD . With the click of a mouse it will clone the old drive to the new drive in minutes . As long as there is some life left in your old drive it works great . Just do n't use it for going from a spinner -LRB- hard drive -RRB- to an SSD because there is a possibility that you wo n't get TRIM support . TRIM is needed to preserve the life of a SSD and get full performance and usually only installs with a fresh Windows installation . On the other hand you can go SSD to SSD just fine because Windows is expecting an SSD.Where it comes up short is that it is for notebooks only - you have to use their 2.5 '' enclosure to do the clone . You ca n't just hook up drives via conventional cables and clone - it wo n't do it . The enclosure is required . One star off for a designed in limitation . As long as you understand that limitation I recommend it .
 I bought this product from Amazon , and could n't be happier with my purchase . I have limited I.T. skills & was so impressed by the ease of use of this product that I was convinced I was doing something wrong until the new -LRB- larger -RRB- drive booted right up and ran flawlessly . The drive I swapped was on a Dell Lattitude D630 and I can honestly say that the most difficult part of the whole process was unscrewing the tiny screws to get my old drive out of the laptop . Before I started , I pulled up the complete instructions from -LSB- ... -RSB- on my desktop , took my time , and there were no problems . Finally , even though I was being overly careful and `` taking my time '' the whole process was complete and I was up and running in under 30min . I would n't hesitate to buy this product again , and would strongly reccomend it to anyone looking to back-up or upgrade a laptop hard-drive .
 I needed to install a larger capacity hard drive and this product performed as advertised . I did defrag the drive and run the Windows error checking and repair programs before starting . The cone went perfectly !
 I upgraded my 80G hard drive in my laptop to a 500G drive - I used this Apricorn EZ upgrade kit and it worked like a charm . I used it for just a basic cloning -LRB- did n't create any additional partitions etc -RRB- . From the time I started the process using the included software CD it went through smoothly and I was up and running with the new drive in less than hour and a half . I did backup my important documents and did a defrag before I started the upgrade just in case , but overall this product is an excellent one and I would recommend this to anyone based on my experience .
 This cloning kit does what it says it does . You insert the hard drive , clone it and swap the drives . I kept my old drive in case of ermegency but you can always format it and use it as an external as they state .
 I have had 2 of these Apricom EZ-UP 's and both were great -LRB- gave 1 to my dad -RRB- . You can upgrade IDE and SATA type drives with the included USB enclosure case . This kit also includes easy to use upgrade software to clone -LRB- copy -RRB- the contents of your old hard drive over to the new one . The case only fits 2.5 '' hardives or smaller and WILL NOT fit 3.5 '' drives . Great item !
 Was able to remove laptop disk drive , put it into this device , put a new drive into the laptop , re-installed windows -LRB- & my personal software/utilities -RRB- , and copied the old drives info onto the new drive -LRB- from the now ` external ' old drive to laptops new internal c
 I read numerous reviews before buying . In some instances the product was panned as -LRB- 1 -RRB- did n't work and -LRB- 2 -RRB- flimsy case . If those problems ever existed they 've been fixed . It worked perfectly and the case is as sturdy , solid and sleek looking as either or my external hard drives . I started the process at 4 PM ... everything was installed and the cloning had begun by 4:06 . By 4:50 the process was flawlessly finished . Another 5 minutes to shutdown and swap old & new drives . When I booted the PC discovered the new hardware and added whatever drivers were necessary ... then said to reboot . On the reboot everything worked exactly as advertised . Now how perfect is that ! And to sweeten the experience they give a $ 10 rebate . So for the cost of a new SATA hard drive -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- and this software , case & USB cable -LRB- $ 24.99 after rebate -RRB- I upgraded from a 5 year old failing 120 GB Fujitsu to a new 320 GB Scorpio Black .
 This is a great product and very easy to use!I wanted to upgrade the hard drive on my laptop and was contemplating re-installing the operating system and all the software . I had done that in the past . It is easily a two weeks process and you never get all the settings in your programs just they way you had them before.I was a little concerned about using the Apricorn EZ-Upgrade because of some of the reviews that reported some problems . I was prepared with a backup in case of problems.When I tried the replication , everything went great . I upgraded from a 80 GB drive to a 320 GB drive in about 1 hour.I took the following steps before the upgrade :1 - Cleaned up the original hard drive of any junk I did not need2 - De-fragmented the original drive3 - Had 15 GB free in the original drive to allow Windows XP enough space for operationI recommend this product to anyone that wants to upgrade their laptop hard drive . You do not need to know much about computers . Everything is explained in the instruction that come with the system .
 I recently upgraded my hard drive from 80GB to 500GB , and would n't have done it without the EZ Upgrade Universal Hard Drive Upgrade Kit . As a college student , I neither have the finances to buy a new laptop nor the patience to give away my laptop to a local technician and pay $ 120 to have my hard drive upgraded . I just purchased the EZ Upgrade Universal Hard Drive Upgrade Kit , and it made everything very easy . I have no complaints .
 Used this successfully without any issues . Has limited instructions with product but I had the CNET review that let me find it in the first place .
 It was easy to install and easy to move my data . Worked well w/o issues .
 I was little nervous swapping out my wife 's computer hard drive . Heaven forbid I lost anything , or it did n't operate as her old one . Directions are easy to understand and the supplied software worked flawlessly . Swapping out the complete operating system , files , and files were transparent to my wife . Her laptop works just like it did before but faster and more capacity . I would recommend this to everyone who ever had thoughts of upgrading their computer 's hard drive . Again , extremely easy to use . Just follow the instructions and you will have no problems .
 So far I 've upgraded two laptop hard drives and the cloning of the original drive and booting of the newly imaged drive went without a hitch . I just followed the steps on the package -LRB- you can download the manual -RRB- . Be sure you know how to change out the hard drive in your computer -LRB- where it is , how to remove it , how to install the new , how the old/new are connected , etc. ... -RRB- . Keep the old drives around for backup untill you are satisified the exchange is working well . You may find as I did that the extra space and speed -LRB- going from 5400 to 7200 -RRB- seems as if you have a new computer . The kit is very worthwhile . And though everything in the kit may be available as components -LRB- cloning software , cable , case -RRB- having it all together helps out in making the process easier .
 No problems with upgrading my Dell D630 laptop with an 80GB , 5400RPM SATA drive to a 320GB , 7200RPM speedster.Here are the steps I followed
 Works just like they say it will . Installed easily . Clear directions . If you want to copy your hard drive , this is the way to go . Highly recommended .
 My HP dv6500 laptop hard drive started to make some strange noises and I was occasionally getting `` Operating System Not Found '' when booting up.Bought this and a Western Digital WD3200BEVT . Had no trouble installing the software on Windows Vista , cloning the drive through the wizard , swapping drives , and booting the new one . Now I have twice the space and a faster drive -LRB- Windows Experience score for hard disk went from 4.8 to 5.4 even though both drives are 5400rpm -RRB- . Great product overall .
 I purchased this due to many good reviews here on Amazon.com . Thanks for those who wrote their experience down . The installation went by without one hitch . It cloned the OS , programs and all files in less than 40 minutes . Not one error or missing file.I also purchased , as one review was helpful in writing , a double / `` Y '' USB cord for it from Cables-to-Go # 28107 USB 2.0 Mini-B Male to 2 USB A Male Y-Cable -LRB- 6 Feet , Black -RRB- also from Amazon.com , because my new harddrive was a 320GB SATA 3Gb/s Hard Drive 16MB 7200RPM 2.5 IN w/o Free Fall Scorpio Black from Dell for my Latitude / D520 . -LRB- and a reveiw stated they use more power than my 5400rpm Seagate HD and the double USB gives more when used -RRB- . Otherwise I would have problems with the speed during cloning.The original HD was only a 40GB and only had 8 GB left . I already had a 320GB backup drive but that is just for normal backup use for my PC and my laptop which both had just 40 GB harddrives to begin with.I have Windows XP on both and I 'm not ready to give them up for Windows 7 . This was a great and easy product to use and would highly recommend it for someone who did this for the first time .
 The most difficult thing was my fat little fingers gripping the laptops screws and having them fall to the floor , never to be seen from again.Just like it advertises . It was as easy as 1-2-3 . It took about an hour to upgrade my Alienware m11x 160gb to a new 320gb hard drive.I just let the cd do the work and it was done . The only exception was manually partitioning the drive , but the software actually does it for you if you let it.Definitely a worthwhile investment for upgrading your laptop -LRB- s -RRB- hard drive .
 There are two upgrades practically every computer needs to extend it 's life
 Great little kit . Allows hard drive swap out very easily . Manages partition sizes up or down -LRB- larger to smaller or smaller to larger drive sizes -RRB- . Works with PATA or SATA drives . Really useful to have in your tool box !
 As the product was advertize , easy as 1 2 3 , they could n't be more right . I wanted to clone my hard drive and that 's what happens . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Was recommended to me by an experienced engineer . Not only simple but fast . I have used Seagate , WD , Acronis etc. > this system was idiot proof . It does not include a 5v . power source for the new external drive , but I found one I had for a camera . Could be purchased separately if external drive is to be used often . I was replacing the HD in my Lap Top and now have a complete system backup should it die.Buy it , you will have no regrets .
 Got this to expand an existing laptop . . Got the new drive , plugged this in . . after an hour it was done and installed . . Worked perfectly , no problems . . looking at using this for a couple more machines we have in the house and family .
 Apricorn EZ-UP-UNIVERSAL EZ Upgrade Universal Notebook Hard Drive Upgrade KitMy Laptops 80 Gb hard drive was full , maybe 1 to 3 Gb 's free space , and I was expecting it to crash any day . I needed to install a larger drive , but it also needed to be a `` P `` ATA IDE drive , not the newer SATA drives . I found some here on Amazon and chose a 160 Gb then proceded to research how to transfer `` ALL '' my old drives information over to the new one , including the program files and the Desktop.Most of the programs I saw would transfer your document files , but not the programs . You would have to install them from their original disks . Some of my programs were freeware or purchased from the internet without disks , so I had to find another way.This program with it 's drive enclosure worked like a charm . It did take quite a few hours , but remember there was over 78 GB of information to transfer . And it will work with both PATA and SATA drives as it has connectors for both.This was much easier than using a `` Back Up '' and restore program or drive . When I put the new drive in my laptop and started it up , it was like booting up the same system I had used for years.If you need a larger drive in your laptop , this is the way to go . and you can use your old drive in this case as an external hard drive after you install the new one .
 I am very satisfied with the Apricorn Adapter after using it to upgrade my old overloaded 60GB IBM Laptop HD to a 160GB HD.I had an initial problem in which I could not get the transfer to work as described in the documentation , but a call to Apricorn Tech Support resolved the issue immediately . Because my system is an IBM Thinkpad , I had to put the new HD into the laptop and mount the old HD in the new Apricorn supplied case and make some easy changes to system setup to get the system to boot from the Apricorn supplied CD . After completing these relatively simple steps , it ran like a charm , and now I have a spare portable bootable HD -LRB- Apricorn drive case with my original drive installed -RRB- that has all my files available for use if I ever need them .
 I bought this to back up a failing hard drive in my 6 year old Dell laptop . It was very easy to use and is very well built . Since it is both IDE and ESATA , I have now used it to back up several other notebooks and laptops . It now functions as a portable hard drive.The software was also very easy to set up and use .
 I have a T42 Thinkpad that is about 4 years old . It works like a charm still but the hard drive was only about 35 gigs and almost full . I did n't want to pay a tech to put in a new hard drive so after much investigation , I purchased this product . To say it `` worked as advertised '' for me would be describing exactly what happened . I got it in the mail , just followed the directions and my new 125 gig drive was working and all my data including the operating system and everything else was copied to it and the laptop started right up and I have n't had a hitch since - its been at least three months now . And the computer works much better thanks to the increased size of the memory .
 Just as the title says . Plugged in the drive using the case that was provided and popped in the CD . The autorun installed it and a menu popped up . I selected `` Clone Disk '' and my computer then restarted . It then ran the clone software and cloned my 160GB drive in just under an hour .
 Most of the reviews I read on this said about how easy the use was . They were n't lying I pulled the drive bay out of the box and got right to work swapping in a new PATA drive for my mother 's old laptop aside from the slow USB 1.0 on that computer it worked great . A few weeks later I used it to install a new SATA drive in my personal laptop which went much faster as mine has USB 2.0 both went off without a hitch and the bay is now housing a spare drive for backups and is still working great . The software included is very simple and straightforward I would recommend the whole set to anyone who wants to swap hard drives in a laptop it 's simple enough for beginners yet complete enough for more advanced users and it makes ghosting a drive simple .
 I bought this product to clone my ACER5738-6969 500 GB Hard Disk with Windows . First , the Apricorn Gig II Software wo n't work under Windows 7 . I called Apricorn for help . A technical support e-mailed me a link for downloading EZgig2_5197 . iso and burning it into a bootable CD-ROM . Following the instruction in the e-mail , pressed the F2 key during powering on , changed the `` Boot '' priority from the internal dark disk to the CD-ROM drive . Then , I cloned the 500 GB hard disk in about 1.5 hours .
 Let me start by saying , this product worked great ! The accompanying software is a version of Acronis , it is a block level copy , and the result was excellent . Having a `` no-tool '' expansion case is a great benefit.My one gripe , the succinct `` instructions '' -LRB- pre-printed on the cardboard package insert -RRB- said go to the website for more instructions . The provided URL went to the corporate website and , try as I may , I could not find any instructions to print -LRB- they did have a short video -RRB- . I would have expected instructions for disk prep , etc. . I date to DOS 2.0 days , so muddled through , but I 'm not sure how a newbie would have faired . To the manufacturer 's credit , the included software package has any utilities you could need -- so long as you identify the right one -LRB- s -RRB- . With the caveat that some knowledge is required for missing instruction areas , this is a great tool !
 This product was simple and easy to use , just as advertized . The price was right and did n't have a problem . Would recommend it for any hard drive update .
 Works like a charm . I used it for a PATA drive and then my son used it for a SATA drive . Makes upgrading drives a snap .
 I had read the reviews and was not sure it would work on my Dell . It took about 2 hours total for the clone , was very easy to use , just followed the simple instructions and let it run . I upgraded my Dell Inspiron 6400 laptop ,80 G hard drive to Scorpio SATA 250G 5400 rpm , 8MB hard drive and worked smoothly , the previous hard drive had similar specs . I had one single partition for backups -LRB- came that way -RRB- and it kept the partition proportional on the new hard drive . Very happy with the product .
 This hard drive swap waseasy and fast . The case is well builtand the cloning software works great.This is money well spent .
 I just used this to upgrade my Dell Inspiron 's hard drive . I used it to clone my old hard drive into the new one before replacing it . It was really a breeze to use ! Very user friendly software . It made the process of replacing a hard drive a lot smoother than I thought it would be ! I certainly recommend this kit .
 I purchased to increase the hard drive capacity of a Dell 8200 bought in 2001 . And it worked but only after I purchased a power adapter from Apricorn . My 8200 USB 1.1 port could not handle the power demand of the Western Digital hard drive . And that port was slooowww . It took 15 hours to clone the 60 GB OEM drive . But both limitations were weaknesses of this old PC so the Apricorn earned the 5 stars . The Apricorn was extraordinarily easy to use . I changed notebook boot order so it booted from the Apricorn CD . Then I followed the instructions step by step . I was able to clone my old drive which had been split into two partitions onto the new 250 GB drive with two partitions -- one for OS and programs and one for data . After cloning , I returned the boot order to it original order.By the way , the Apricorn Univeral hard drive upgrade kit works with both SATA and PATA drives .
 I used this for my toshiba laptop to swap my hard drive . Just wanted to clone everything . It worked PERFECT the first try . Just like they say Easy as
 Easy setup and install . The one thing I did n't know is that the CD is a bootable cd and you can copy that way as well , which was a bonus . The down side to using the program through the bootable CD is that you ca n't specify the new partitions without losing space as unpartitioned . Simple drive enclosure that allows either EIDE or SATA drives simply by flipping the drive around with connectors on either side . USB powered or can be powered with an AC Adapter -LRB- not supplied though -RRB- . Although I have n't tested it yet , I think the software will allow you to use any USB externally enclosed drive , so you could clone a 3.5 '' as well.All told , a solid program with a well built drive enclosure and usb cable .
 I found that the EZ Upgrade kit is true to its name . I upgraded two laptops in less than an hour with no hitches . Everything worked in accordance with the simple , easy to read documentation . I just wish that all my computer purchases were this simple and straightforward to use .
 The hard drive works great and the EZ Upgrade Kit made it a breeze to copy all my files from one drive to another . I would recommend this product it was very easy to use .
 It was very easy to replace my old 20Gb HDD with a new 120Gb drive.For those of you who are not wireheads , let me suggest a couple of things before you buy anything :1 -RRB- Make sure you know what kind of hard drive you need to buy to replace the existing drive -LRB- e.g. , SATA vs. EIDE , physical dimensions -RRB- . It would n't hurt to look up the specs of the existing hard drive on the manufacturer 's website so as to buy a compatible HDD .2 -RRB- Make sure you have your laptop manufacturer 's instructions for replacing the hard drive in hand.Good luck .
 Upgrading a laptop hard drive could not have been made easier ! I had an IBM T41 ThinkPad with a 40GB internal hard drive that I wanted to migrate to a 160GB drive . I had tried to do it with the software provided by IBM/Lenovo , Software Rescue and Recovery , and ran into multiple difficulties with it . I spent hours upgrading to the most recent release , etc. . With this product it was , literally , completely painless . It took 5 minutes of my time and about 2 hours of elapsed time to pull it off . I installed the new drive in the hard drive case -LRB- 15 seconds -RRB- , plugged it into a USB port and installed the software . The software makes it impossible to mess things up . You simply start the process of `` cloning '' your existing hard drive and come back a couple of hours later when the process is finished . Then , you pop the new drive out of the case , remove the existing hard drive and replace it with the cloned drive . And - voilla - everything looks the same , but you have all this additional hard drive space , and your laptop is much faster . One last benefit is that you could use your old drive as a USB drive in the case used for the cloning if so desired !
 Installation of software , transfer of data , and re-installation of data to new drive went off without a hitch . No glitches or manual intervention required . Hardware and software functioned as advertised .
 This product worked so well , I thought I did something wrong . Not only is it simple and straight forward , you get a portable harddrive to boot , excuse the pun . The only thing I had trouble with wasfinding the place to download the complete manual ; look under `` documents '' , however I did n't need it .
 The product was easy to use just like the reviews said . It worked like a champ . Took 3 hours for it to clone my 180gb of data . Simple , quick and it works .
 My hard drive was about dead , and I could n't boot into windows . I bought a new drive , under the assumption -LRB- duh ! -RRB- that my Dell laptop had 2 hard drive slots ... like most . My plan was to slave the new one and use freeware to clone . Could n't do that . So , I bought this and it made the whole process unbelievably simple , and fast . Completely worth the money . I highly recommend it .
 This worked perfectly to upgrade my 80 GB PATA hard drive with a Western Digital Bulk -LRB- WD2500BEVE -RRB- Scorpio 250 GB , 5400 RPM Internal Hard Drive with 2.5 in . diameter , . Although there are free disk imaging solutions out there -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and I already owned a USB PATA enclosure , I decided to buy this based on positive reviews . Linux-based solutions still do n't guarantee 100 % NTFS support and I did n't want to screw up the upgrade . I chose to boot from the CD and manually resized the partitions , where I noted that the software was unable to resize my reiserfs and Linux swap partitions , but did a fine job making a 1:1 copy . I left some free space in front of the Linux partitions to be able to use that space later with Linux . The cloned drive worked perfectly out of the box , both with Windows XP and Ubuntu Linux . It was not even necessary to update the GRUB configuration as Ubuntu addresses the partitions by UUID number . So I 'm very satisfied with the performance of the upgrading kit . My one criticism is that external USB enclosure is larger than usual due to offering both PATA and SATA connectors , and is made of quite heavy metal . I have other external 2.5 '' USB hard drives which are considerably smaller and lighter , so I would n't choose to carry this one around . However , the product definitely did the job it was intended to do , so I give it 4 stars .
 It took a long time for 80 Gb to transfer to my new drive , but laptop drives are 5400 RPM so you ca n't expect much more . Plus , my `` old '' drive was massively fragmented . This product does more than just cloning hard drives , but it clones hard drives perfectly . This is an excellent product that works very , very simply and reliably . Negative reviews are often because the reviewer made errors and is looking to blame the product . Keep that in mind . This thing worked great , and after the process you have a very nice , sturdy internal drive caddy that can be used as an external drive , and will also serve to backup or clone many more SATA or PATA drives .
 This product works exactly as it should . The software cloned my drive without any problems -LRB- took a little over two hours for my 256GB drive -RRB- . The hard drive enclosure is made of aluminum and looks to be pretty well made . I would recommend this to anyone who wanted to upgrade their hard drive .
 I just used the EZ-UP-Universal to clone my old 50GB hard drive in my laptop , to a new 750GB hard drive without error . I am so glad that all my programs are running fine and all my files are copied correctly . One needs to be careful when dealing with large hard drive such as mine - if you use the suggested way of directly copying your old hard drive -LRB- in your laptop -RRB- to the new hard drive inserted into the case provided by EZ , you are very likely to get the notorious error `` different partition size between the 2 drives , not supported '' . The solution to this problem is to take the opposite way of disk-copying by following the following steps
 This product is a lifesaver when your old drive starts to fail . Made mirror image of old drive on new drive saving hours of reinstalling and upgrading programs .
 I bought this to backup my laptop hard drive and it works great for that purpose . It accepts both ATA and SATA 2.5 '' laptop drives via a USB cable that attaches the backup drive enclosure to your laptop . The software allows you to select the origin and destination drives , and will size the partitions on the backup drive , up or down , to match the sectors of the original drive . The software can clone your existing hard drive , or selectable sectors . While not advertised , the software can also clone standard 3.5 '' hard drives in desktop PC 's , if you have a backup hard drive attached in lieu of a CD ROM , or to another IDE SIDE motherboard connection .
 I recently purchased a new laptop with a 320 gig 5400 rpm hdd . However , the techie geek in me really wanted to swap it for a 500 gig 7200 rpm . I did quite a bit of research in choosing a program to perform the task of cloning the hard drive . While there were quite a few capable programs available to do the job , the Apricorn EZ Upgrade provided both the software and requisite hardware to get the job done . The included drive enclosure was found to be light yet quite durable , and drive installation was a snap . The cloning software operation was smooth and easy to use . Once the operation was complete I merely swapped the new drive from the enclosure with the original drive in the laptop , and now I have a larger , speedier laptop , along with a respectable size portable drive in a quality case . Highly recommended for beginner to advanced .
 I have a Dell Alienware laptop that I bought recently . However , I was filling up the hard-drive faster than I expected , so I wanted to upgrade . So , I bought a WD Scorpio Blue 500 GB hard-drive for $ 55 and the Apricorn EZ-UP-UNIVERSAL EZ Upgrade Universal Notebook Hard Drive Upgrade Kit for $ 35 . The replacement of the hard-drive was incredibly simple , the Apricorn software literally made it one-click ! Place the new drive in the enclosure provided by Apricorn , connect it via USB to your laptop , run the Apricorn software , and it does the entire copying ! Then , remove the new drive from the enclosure , replace the old drive in the laptop with the new one , and you are done ! Highly recommended .
 If you are thinking about upgrading your hard drive then this is the product you want . I do n't care if you have never been inside your computer or if you have rebuilt it 10 times , the EZ upgrade is the way to go . You wo n't go wrong with this kit , it 's a sure WINNER !!!!!
 It took me about four tries with twice as many removals of my old hard drive before I got it right . If you want to do it right the first time , then I have some helpful hints for you . On my first try , I did none of the following and had issues running my programs because I ended up doing the exact opposite of steps 1-5 , so I 'm trying to save you time by having you learn from my mistakes.My Hardware and Software : I have an old Dell Vostro 1000 laptop running Windows XP with a Western Digital 120 GB hard -LRB- 5400 rpm -RRB- . My new hard drive was a Western Digital 500 GB hard drive -LRB- 7200 rpm -RRB- . I purchased a USB Y-cable as other reviewers have suggested since a 7200 rpm hard drive draws more power than a 5400 rpm one . However if you use the following steps , you may not need a Y-cable if your old hard drive is only 5400 rpm.My Successful Procedure :1 . I did not use the EZ Gig II software included in the kit . I went to the Apricorn website and downloaded EZ Gig III .2 . I made a boot disk -LRB- CD -RRB- using the EZ Gig III software . I used this CD to run the software instead of running the program from my computer hard drive .3 . I turned off my computer , unplugged the power cord , removed the battery , removed the old hard drive , and installed the new hard drive into my laptop .4 . I installed my old hard drive in the hard drive enclosure included with the kit and used the USB Y-cable that I had purchased . I probably did n't need the Y-cable because my old hard drive is only 5400 rpm but I used it anyway . I also unplugged my laptop cooler that was being powered by USB . This was probably overkill but I wanted the cloning to work so I was taking all precautions .5 . I reinstalled the battery , reconnected the power cord , connected my old hard drive to my laptop via USB , powered on my laptop , and quickly inserted the EZ Gig III boot CD that I had made . The EZ Gig III program started up and I just followed the prompts . The whole process took me about three hours since I had turned on sector verification . If you turn this off , the process will be twice as fast . The software also comes with a user manual in . pdf form.Two helpful reviews that I read before doing my cloning were :1 . Scott Buck 's review dated August 19 , 20102 . Stephen Hjemboe 's review dated July 19 , 2010You may not have to follow all five steps as I have outlined but I can only write about my experience . If you 're having problems cloning your old hard drive , you might give some or all of my steps a try . Maybe it will resolve your problem -LRB- s -RRB- .
 I just upgraded my Dell from the original 40 gig 5200 rpm drive to a 100 gig 7200 rpm drive using the EZ Upgrade Kit . Took about 1 hour from start to finish . Smooth and fast . I hate computers , so when something actually works as advertised I 'm very happy .
 I bought this to upgrade my Dell laptop from 70GB to 500GB . The computer uses Windows XP . I followed the instructions with the kit and had no problems at all . The new drive fit neatly into the clip that slides into the box they provide . The software did exactly what it was supposed to do
 I had a few hiccups , which I though others might want to know about , but it worked like a charm.FYI , I am PC user . HP Pavillion dv6200 , 80GB , Windows Vista.The process that you go through is to put your new hard drive -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- in this device and plug it in as a USB device ; install the EZ Gig II software ; map the partitions on you current drive to partitions on the new drive ; run the cloning software and copy data across ; then you exchange drives and you 're done.The software takes a crack at allocating the partitions for you , but that did n't work for me as I had a small recovery partition set up on my original drive . The software wanted to allocate all the extra space to the new copy of the recovery partition.The software allows you to resize your new partitions so I was able to shrink the recovery partition , but for some reason the software did n't allow me to resize my main partition . It was fixed at 69GB . So I called the free tech support and after a few minutes -LRB- 5 I think -RRB- I spoke with someone who gave me a suggestion on how to fix it . I organized the new drive so that my main partition was at the front of the new drive and the recovery partition was at the back of the new drive , leaving unallocated space between.I ran the cloning software -LRB- it took about 2 hours -RRB- and exchanged the hard drives -LRB- really quite easy -RRB- . Once finished , I used Windows disk management utilities and expanded the partition to absorb all the unallocated space . Viola , complete.Overall , I am extremely pleased with the upgrade and upgrade process .
 This item was so easy to use , I had and old laptop with win . XP and a 20 Gig Hard Drive and the instructions were so simple to follow on the manual . It took me about 20 minutes to set it up and leave it running . I do not know exactly how long it took because my USB ports are 1.0 not the like the new ones 2.0 so I think it took a few hours to complete the transfer , but when it was done it finished I had an exact copy of EVERYTHING I had on my old drive onto to my new 60 Gig drive . Awesome !!!
 I use the Upgrade Kit primarily as a portable backup . As such it works fine for me . The original harddrive was slower than the replacment drive and so I 'm not sure whether it 's the drive or the Upgrade Kit -- but access is really slow . I 've given it 5 stars because it is small and compact and installation is really very simple and easy . Support from Apricorn was good as well . There might be some persons who would want to synchronize their old drive with the new one , but I wanted a clean install so I ca n't comment on the synchronize characteristics . The backup software allows the user to create , explore and restore exact images of the harddrive and it actually works well .
 What can you say about name brand . Xerox only really likes it . The most make there machines to be really pickey .
 Product was as described and just what I needed . Well packaged and shipped quickly . Thank you !
 There 's no way I would take my HVX out in the rain without this thing . It protects the camera from the weather , but I still have access to all of the functions . Great fit . I love having it .
 I bought these to protect my sub-woofer in audio production studio monitors -LRB- read expensive speakers and would n't want to replace because of my inadvertent carelessness -RRB- . Arrived quickly , exactly as stated , good seller . Suggest you measure your speaker diameter to get the correct size -LRB- this seller offers this product in other sizes -RRB- . Will recommend to friends .
 I gave this five stars because of the price verse what you get . It is very strong and has rubber around the ring . I have no doubt it will protect well.I took a risk ordering this without knowing whether it would fit . I am using it on a Rockford Fosgate entry level 8 '' subwoofer . I tried to avoid buying the Rockford Fosgate grill because they cost about 50 % of what I paid for the subwoofer itself , which is dumb.This grill is exactly 8 inches in diameter . It is not larger . That means when used on an 8 '' sub , it will have to sit on the subwoofer 's ring , not outside the ring . This may or may not work in your install and may or may not look nice . It works for me , but does n't not look too pretty . For about $ 5 -LRB- with the mounting hardware -RRB- I will live with the cumbersome looks verses $ 25-35 for the perfect fit Rockford grill.The other option I might have tried would be order the 10 '' grill for my 8 '' sub , if I wanted to mount the grill outside the edge of my sub . However , in that install I 'm not sure the grill would be tall enough.If I remember , I will measure the actually true height of this grill and update my review .
 I have used these type of grill covers in the past so this review is based on both long-term and short-term use . This type of universal grill cover consists of sturdy metal construction with a rubber gasket around the edge . Again , to correct a complaint by another reviewer that this grill does not come with pre-drilled holes for mounting with the speaker , this type of grill is universal . So that the end user can customize their usage without fear of purchasing a grill with holes that do not match their equipment , the end user is expected to either use separately sold clamps or drill the holes using the template that comes with the speaker.As a side note regarding installation with the clamps , drilling avoids the extra expense , delay of the install , and general pain of having to to a raised &#34; top mount &#34; install described below as the clamps are not flush . The clamps are beveled.If you use the clamps , you must cut a half inch thick piece of MDF that fully supports the entire circumference of the speaker . You can not simply make small blocks of MDF to place under the clamps because the blocks will not properly support the speaker no matter how much silicone you use . For boring technical performance issues , the front and the back of the speaker must be isolated from one another and the basket must be perfectly still while in operation.Thus , you must use a jigsaw -LRB- or band saw on the outer cut -RRB- to cut a circle in your MDF the height of the bevel of the clamp by the OD -LRB- outer cut -RRB- and ID -LRB- inner cut -RRB- such that the mounting lip of the speaker is fully supported by the ring . If you do n't have the template that came with the speaker , use a protractor and measure the inside and outside diameter of the mounting lip TWICE to avoid a mistake . Wear safety goggles when cutting wood . I also use a fillet glove on the hand that is NOT on the jigsaw that you are inevitably using to hold the MDF . Make sure the fillet glove has a non-skid substance on the palm and business side of your fingers . Fillet gloves , if properly evaluated prior to purchase , fit snug and use chainmail that will save a finger and/or avoid puncturing your hand should the power tool slip , which is the gloves intended purpose in the first place . If the logical fallacy of appealing to authority will help , billions of sword wielding historical dudes , and WOW characters , that use -LRB- d -RRB- chainmail ca n't be wrong . In addition , they are great for Halloween and/or as a marital aid on dress-up night or so I have heard.You can avoid having to hold the MDF by securing it with furniture clamps to your sawhorses . Regarding the safety goggles , I have some that look like sunglasses , which avoids your family and friends ripping on you for looking like a diver out of water or fearless fly or ... However , watch the color of the fillet gloves because you may look like Michael Jackson , which will open up an entirely new category of zingers . If necessary , you can shut them up by threatening them with the power tools . John Candy effectively used this technique in Uncle Buck.Additional installation tip , if you do n't have the template for the speaker to use as a guide for drilling the holes , place the MDF with the pre-cut mounting hole on a flat surface . Insert the grill , face first , into the mounting hole for your speaker . If it falls through , you did not measure TWICE before you cut the hole and/or you are under the influence of mind altering substances . Immediately remove the power tool from your hand and seek professional help for both the install and failing to follow Nancy Reagan 's advice.Carefully , place the speaker on the grill , face first , with the magnet pointing at you . Make sure that only the mounting lip of the speaker lands on the mounting lip of the grill . Drip a small dab of glue through the mounting holes of the speaker onto the grill mounting lip . I use glue because it is usually laying around the shop . Use glue in a well ventilated area . Do n't eat or sniff the glue . Remove the speaker but not the grill . Put on the goggles and fillet glove . Drill after you have measured again . Presto , you have killed two birds with one stone . No , I do n't actually throw stones at birds.By the way , I am not in anyway affiliated with the manufacturer , retailer , Amazon or any other possible inventory or equipment supplier used for DIY speaker installation . I am not a professional installer . Proceed at your own risk . I give no warranties for the aforementioned advice . The advice above assumes that you have read and follow all safety precautions for the power tools and related installation items .
 I bought these to protect my sub-woofer in audio production studio monitors -LRB- read expensive speakers and would n't want to replace because of my inadvertent carelessness -RRB- . Arrived quickly , exactly as stated , good seller . Suggest you measure your speaker diameter to get the correct size -LRB- this seller offers this product in other sizes -RRB- .
 These are made from pressed , waffle-punched , steel . Pretty rigid and reasonably protective . They come with a soft/stretchy vinyl-rubber ring around the mounting ring edge , which you can easily remove . But , this leaves a sharp waffle-shaped irregular edge . I would think this grill is pretty difficult to mount on anything from the front . Even mounted through an 7 '' hole from the back , the irregular waffling at the edge did not give me an easy 4 equidistant points to put screws through.However , I made it work for me , and it is far , far cheaper than other grills .
 Unless you 're a professional photographer , you probably would n't want to carry an expensive camera with you on a daily basis . This is a great little camera to carry around 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . It 's comfortable in your pocket while the lens stays under its protective cover . Dead batteries ? pop in new AAA 's . The 16MB internal memory will probably be enough to get you through a day of casual snapshots , even though you could expand it . Finally , if you lose or break the camera , you 're out less than $ 100 . Yes , let 's be honest , the picture quality sucks compared to a higher-end digicam , so by no means should this be your only camera . But this little guy will be there for you when you would n't otherwise have a camera on you , and a so-so picture is better than none at all .
 Pocket-sized cameras are usually valued for their size rather than the quality of the images they produce . But we were n't satisfied with that . We want size AND quality ; and luckily , digital camera market leaders Mustek wanted the same thing , and produced the incredibly nifty D50 . Although it measures just 8 x 3.5 cm , the D50 offers the kind of image resolution that puts many more expensive models to shame - a superb 5 Megapixels!The D50 is the perfect choice if you want to take the highest quality still images , but do n't want to pay extra for a large range of features you might not use . That 's not to say the D50 does n't have any special features ; far from it . It features a video recorder option , and has a built-in microphone and digital voice recorder for adding your own soundtrack . You can even use it as a web cam . Enjoy key features without being blinded by science.The D50 's top quality resolution and built-in flash produces fantastically crisp and clear shots , but you can still tweak them to suit your needs . The D50 features a macro mode for stunning close-ups , plus 4 x digital zoom . You can also choose between three levels of resolution , or shoot yourself , so to speak , thanks to the built-in self-timer . You can even view and edit your shots on the D50 's built-in 1.5 '' LDC screen!With the 16MB onboard memory , you can store upwards of 200 lo-res images , but the D50 is SD and MMC card compatible if you want to store more hi-res images or video footage . Stylishly designed and small enough to fit in a breast pocket , there 's never been a better pocket camera for top class shots
 Awesome gadget . Set-up was as easy as was written in the quick set-up guide -LRB- provided -RRB- . Worked on Mediacom cable modem flawlessly !
 I needed this wire to power some LED 's that I installed behind my monitor using my power supply . This wire did exactly what the description said and the shipment came pretty quickly .
 The order was processed quickly . I received the item promptly and it was quickly installed and charged up and is working great . It was a great buy and a great transaction .
 I do n't have a AZ 7594 but I do have a AZ 7594 . I love mine a lot . The 45 seconds esp really works and the quality of sound are smooth as well . But let me be honest the headphones are ... too big and easy to fall off . But anyway , I still think this series is perfect for its price . If you think sonys and panasonics with esps are too expensive for you , you 've got to try philips . Trust me . You 'll like it .
 I bought this player for my daughter a while ago , and I never regretted about choosing the Philips . Before I decided which player to buy , I went to a the local electronics superstore and tried out everything what they had on display . It did n't take me long to realize that with portable CD players you basically get what you paid for
 I received this unit from Amazon today . It is quite well-built and eye-pleasing -LRB- except for the cheesy stick on the cover saying CDRW compatible -RRB- . Aluminum cover , plastic base , solid and heavy . The headphone is big and ugly -LRB- personal taste -RRB- . Since the in-line remote control takes standard headphone plug , I used a pair of Sony earphones instead . There are three buttons on the remote -LRB- play/pause , skip forward , and stop -RRB- and a rotary volume control , but no skip backward ! Also the remote looks dumb compare to the Sony 's . Now the sound quality . It is very good in normal playing mode -LRB- no DBB -RRB- . I 've tried some rock , some jazz , and some classic on the unit and it performed very well . With the DBB on however I did n't feel like gaining too much of the richness at the low frequencies , except for the annoying fake boost . -LRB- This could be personal-flavor dependent -RRB- . I also took the unit for a drive to try the skip protection . I am very pleased with the ESP45 . There was n't a single skip during the half hour driving with the unit on the ceter concole in my truck . It is for sure better than the Sony sports model -LRB- DE51 -RRB- which gave me a lot headache in skipping.This unit is manufactured in China and carries one year free exchange warranty world-wide . If you want a perfect portable CD player , you should look for something else like a high end Sony . If you want to balance the quality , function , and price , then I would recommend this Philips AZ7594 .
 This is a great cd player.I bought because it had all the extra stuff sony and panasonic had , but i was alot cheaper.The esp45 is great , not a single skip ever.The carrying pouch is nice too.The remote is the best because u can put the player down in the car and hold the remote to adjust volume or change the song.Out of the hundreds of cd players i looked at and the the ones i used to own , this is definitely the best !
 There are many reasons to buy a Philips CD player , but the most important one is that they sound much better than every other brand I 've tried . You may read or hear that all CD players sound the same , but it is n't true at all . There are significant , audible differences between different brands and models and Philips CD players just sound better . If you 're doubtful , just play one of your favorite CDS in a Philips and in any other brand ; you 'll hear the difference.The headphones which come with the player are OK , but if you get a pair of Sennheiser headphones , you 'll hear how good these CD players really are !
 There are so many other players out there that claim they have skip protection , but Phillips is the real deal . My friends have other brands that are the same value -LRB- 45 -RRB- of skip protection , but they still complain of skips when running and what not . Well this cd player not only works skipless when I run , it does n't skip in my car either . Now granted there are SOME instances like going over bumpy train tracks too hard , then it will definitely skip . I had my expensive deck cd player stolen so I bought this until I get a new car , and my deck -LRB- installed -RRB- cd player skipped more than this one does ... go figure . Definitely worth it if you plan on putting it in your car .
 I would just have to say this is one of the best purchases I have ever made . Out of all the cd players -LRB- sony , panasonic -RRB- I ever owned this is the one that tops them all.First off the sound is incredible . It has a very nice balance between the bass and treble , unlike many sony products which just shoot out bass and no other frequencies The 3 level bass control is a great feature - it 's not like panasonic or sony 's where there 's bass or no bass at all - its always nice to have a midway.The user interface is also nicely done - very easy to find and use - clean.The back lit lcd interface is easy to read and great for those low light situations.The anitshock really works . I literally shook this cd player until my hands got tired.The only thing I did n't like about it were the headphone - clumsy and a bit big - BUT I always end up buying new headphones anyway.For the price and the features this is the one !
 Not only is Philips Magnavox a top brand name , it is also known for quality . The main things I like about this cd player was the bass . You have three stages of bass and the second stage is about as much as you get with other cd players , but this has one more to give you even more ! Another thing I like about the cd player , is it 's 45 second ESP . A 10-20 ESP will get you by , but if you are active as me , a 45 second ESP will give you un-skipped music , 24/7 . The extra battery pack you get with the player makes it so you can play for over 40 hours , what other cd player has over 20 ??? The music quality is excellent ! One flaw that I had was the headphones , two days after I received the cd player , they stopped working , I do n't know why , but if you do decide to buy this cd player , buy another set , the headphones were good , but not lasting . You will not go wrong on this purchase .
 I bought this same CD player for a friend about a year ago and paid close to $ 140 for it . I then ended up barrowing it a couple time and knew then that I got my money 's worth . The best feature is the rechargable batteries , which last for a long time . The skip protection is great , the first thing that My Friend did when he opened it was plug it in , put in a CD and started shaking it very hard and there wer n't any skips . When I put it in my car I do n't even have to turn on the extra skip protection it is still skip free except over railroad tracks . Now it 's time for me to buy a new CD player and this is the only one that I even considered buying , however I could n't find it anywhere until I looked on Amazon.com . It 's also forty dollars less than I paid for it a year ago , but it 's worth much more .
 First i wan na say that this has been the FAR best cd playere ive ever used . Every Philips purchase ive ever made has satisfied me . I didint even need a portable cd player at the time i looked at this and i had an old sony that worked just fine but looked up to this cd player . I was sheer amazed that someone would put so much into one cd player even for its price and if it was anyone it was Philips . When i saw this cd player i fell in love with it becuase im just an average 15 year old that likes to listin to music . my probloms with my old cd player were that1 . i like to listin to music in the dark and id have to find a light to change stuff on it . The Philips had a backlit lcd that 's very bright .2 . My cd player would skip when i put it in my pocket and rode my bike . But the philips Has 45 seconds of esp witch is way more than i needed . Every time i use this thing its never skipped .3 . It did not have a remote control so i would have to reach in my pocket when riding my bike to get it out and change things on it . But with the Philips i just have my handy dandy remote on my pocket that Changes my volume , switches to the next track , stops and plays , and it has a hold button so nothin bumps it and when you put the cd unit on hold the remote can still switch tasks on it .4 . I went through batteries like a dog on a peice of meat . But even with the Philips 45 seconds of esp . the Nikel-Cadium-lithium-Ion batteries hold up for days . And every time i lay my cd player down i just hit stop twice and it charges them up so i got a full tank and you dont even have to take them out . And its got an extra batterie pack so when you go on those long trips it wont run out .5 . Batteries alwase fell out the bottom of it . The philips has inside batterie compartment so that they wont .6 . It got beat up very bad every time i dropped it it made a scratch . And with the philips ALUMINUM lid efvery time i dropped it noting happend to it .7 . It did not play Rewritable cds so when i make mixes i got ta use a new blank CD-r Every time . And the Philips uses cd-rw fluently8 . It Had NO style and did not look good . The philips is a stunning desingn and amazed my freinds .9 . I could barley read the lcd it was so small . But the Philips Has A massive display ON the top so its very easy to readThere was only one downside to this great cd player is that a month after i had it the back left hinge for the door broke off , i was very dissapointed i had the same problom humby27 -LRB- see his review on this page -RRB- had and this thing became very hard to use and i explained it to amazon to return it and they said thed be glad to return it WITH FREE SHIPPING too . That made it a lil better but i wanted a replacement since i loved this thing so much . and trust my luck there out of stock . I have looked everywhere for this cd player on the internet and can only find it here . I have tried to find an alternative to this cd player and i just cant find it . Besides Sonys top of the line walkman witch is $ 487 and theres no way im paying that.Bottom line is that i hope that if you buy this it will stay durable and not break . but this is an awesome cd player and i recccomend it greatly .
 My second Yamaha receiver . Tried Panasonic , Pioneer and came running back . Its the crystal clear sound that makes Yamaha the king !
 This is great receiver for those who are just getting into home theater systems . Good power to 6 channels . Lots of DSP presets . Easy settings at least for me that is . Lots of inputs and outputs . It comes with an easy to use universal remote too .
 my second yamaha A/V reciever my first was A 2nd from top rxv-2090 it came out on the fringe of home theatre it had a excelent amp but a little out of date as far as home theatredecoding beeing its based on 5 channels not 5.1 knowing i needed a updated after hearing my girl friends get this ! 300 $ home theatre in a box i realized while my 2090 sounded better the timming was better on her cheep system . Still I am surprised at how much better the HTR-5590 sounded my first dolbly digital movie blew my mind do n't forget i had a 1500 $ 1995 model yamaha witch was very good too , i would give it a 4.5 but no option for it here
 I just got these headphones and plugged them into my ipod , and the sound is great ! I 've never had noise cancelling headphones before , so I ca n't compare them against other noice cancelling headphones . I found the feature very effective though . Some other reviews complain about the noise cancelling not being effective , but I have no problem with it . It may have to do with the volume you listen to your music with -- obviously the louder , the better it is . When you turn on the noise-cancelling feature , it effectively boosts the volume . It comes in a nice case , and can be packed away compactly.Amazon is a little pricey for these headphones . I did some shopping around on the web and was able to pick them up for $ 138 including shipping.My only dislike is that the noise cancelling device is connected by cords between the source connection -LRB- ipod , or whatever you 're plugging into -RRB- and the headphones , and it is about the size of a penlight -LRB- about 4 '' by .5 '' by .5 '' . -RRB- It has a little clip so that you can attach it to a pocket or a belt . For travelling on a plane , I think it will be fine , but if you want to be unencumbered , like if you want to go for a jog for example , I find that it may be slightly awkward or clunky .
 I travel regularly and needed something other than earplugs I could use to quiet the cabin noise . I am so happy with these I would recommend to everyone . The sound is really wonderful and the noise cancelling is remarkable . There is a bit of ear drum pressure from the sound cancelling however you get used to it .
 I read a review about these headphones and they had an excellent professional review so I decided to give them a try . I have been really pleased . The sound quality is excellent and the earpieces are really comfortable . I would highly recommend them to someone looking for really high quality headphones for a slightly more expensive price .
 I did a lot of research on user forums regarding noise canceling headphones . I decided finally to get these . I first got the 250s at circuit city just to try them out and the noise canceling ability was amazing . With no music playing it really blocked out a lot of the lower frequencies . I decided at that point I would return the 250s and get the 300s on Amazon cause they were the same price . Once the 300s arrived I noticed there really was not much of a difference between the 250s and the 300s . If you want to save a few bucks go for the 250s . You will probably just as satisfied , but I tend to always want the top of the line.Comfort
 Comparing the Sennheiser PXC 300 and the Bose Quiet Comfort 3 are essentially comparing apples to apples . I too have gone to the local audio store , listened to , actually , the Bose QC 2 and compared to the Sennheiser PXC 250 . I bought 2 pair of Sennheiser PXC 300s for $ 169 each . Unless you are a fanatical acoustic audio expert , or carelessly wealthy , save your money and get the Sennheiser PXC 300s . I 've used these on long domestic flights as well as in the office at my desk . Great noise cancelling and wonderful audio . I have rather large ears , but found I could wear them for 4-5 hours without a problem . Plugged into a -LRB- dual jack -RRB- Mintek 10 inch DVD player on the plane , we were oblivious of everything except the movie.The battery pack is slightly larger than a Sharpie marker and has a very sturdy clip . It will fasten easily to your jeans belt hoop or even the seatbelt on the plane . Yes it takes about 8 seconds to untangle the cord . The head set is very light because of this and I do n't see that as an inconvenience . The battery power is advertised to last 20 hours ; it does and longer . Even when the battery runs out , you still have sound which is not the case with the Bose.All in all , you will be very pleased with the performance and price of these PXC 300 headphones .
 Pros
 These are wonderful headphones . The noise cancelling technology gets rid of most external noise and substantially improves the quality of music you hear through the headset . While they may seem pricy , compaired to other noise cancelling headphones of this quality they the price is quite reasonable . If you want noise cancelling headsets these are the ones to buy - they are just wonderful .
 I am thrilled with these . I bought them to replace the high-end `` in-ear '' headset for my iPod , because they became uncomfortable after an hour or so . These are far more comfortable , and do almost as good a job of blocking out noise as the ear plug model did . They fold down nicely , and the travel case is very compact . There is a mild hissing when you first turn on the noise cancellation if you actually listen for it , but you forget about it in minutes and certainly do n't hear it when music is playing . This was well worth the investment for me . I use them on planes , at the office , and even at home sometimes to drown out whatever Nickelodeon show is blaring on the TV . Highly recommended .
 Very comfortable headset - noise cancelling is really good based on the small headset . You can get more noise cancelling if you purchase a headset that cover completely your hears but then they become bulky to carry around . Overall I reccomend this product . Good price great performance .
 I own three different noise cancelling headphones now
 I recently took these on a long overseas flight and they were wonderful ! They are tuned to block airplane noise specifically and worked like a charm . The ear pieces of very comfortable and I used them for hours at a time . The only complaint is that the ear pieces could fit a little tighter around the ear and block more noise . When I pushed them tight , it was nearly silently . But that might affect the comfort .
 I love these . They fit and do n't hurt even after several hours . I can sit in the same room with the hubby while he is on the treadmill -LRB- loud -RRB- watching his TV -LRB- even louder to hear over the treadmill -RRB- and with the extra noise cancelling `` wand '' on , I can easily hear music and audiobooks . They fold up easily and store in the included case which is well made . One note , if you leave the wand on the battery will die -LRB- of course -RRB- and then if you put on the headphones you wo n't hear anything -- I thought they were malfunctioning until I realized the wand was on . Once off I could hear fine , and new batteries got the wand up and running again . It would be 5 stars if there was no `` wand '' and the extra noise cancelling boost was built into the ear pieces .
 Very effectively reduces droning-like noise -LRB- steady engine noise ; steady exercise equipment noise . -RRB- Does not cancel ambient talk.Earpiece-headband is very comfortable.Cumbersome to wear when walking-jogging -LRB- a 5-inch battery pack that would be clipped to clothing gets in the way -RRB- . Used on an indoor exercise bike -LRB- battery pack clipped to stand -RRB- - it works very well.Used on an airplane trip - it also worked very well .
 I 'm very happy with these overall . Good quality sound for NC ` phones . They reduce most background noise down to something way less bothersome.My only gripes
 The Sennheiser PXC 300 is a good product with accurate sound reproduction . The noise cancellation feature performed as expected . My only gripe is the battery pack and the attached fixed cabling that is associated with the noise cancellation circuity . Untangling the cabling each time is a hassle and so is putting away the battery pack when on the move . I wonder how the new Bose QuietComfort 3 with rechargeable batteries fair in this department .
 It is a very nice device for walking the city streets . Headphones will reduce the NY hum to a minimal level but at the same time you are aware of your surroundings -LRB- you hear muffled car horns etc. -RRB- . In addition , subway iPod listening also becomes possible . The only annoyance is a `` dongle '' with the batteries and all electronics , but you get very nice and comfortable ear pieces as a result . Now I am actually looking forward to the commute accompanied with a nice music selection .
 Like several others who have reviewed the Sennheiser PXC 300s , I had listened to and was impressed by the various Bose models . But I just could n't bring myself to pay the incredible price they demand -LRB- like ALL Bose products ! -RRB- . I 'd seen several reviews and liked what I read . I 've also owned other Sennheiser headphones and was always impressed with the sound quality . Finally , I took a leap of faith.For the money , I do n't think you can find a better sounding pair of noise cancelling headphones than these . Sound quality is excellent with solid bass response and crisp high end . The noise cancelling feature makes airline travel almost bearable . They are very comfortable , too . The phones fold up and fit in a small soft-sided carry bag that will also carry a Nano -LRB- what I use -RRB- and takes up very little space . I recommend them highly - especially at the price .
 I recently bought two pair of these noise cancelling headphones to replace earlier headphones we had bought from Radio Shack . We wanted to upgrade quality while not going through the roof in price . I did a fair amount of online research and decided to buy the well regarded PXC 300s and am not disappointed at all . My wife and I use these for traveling . We travel overseas and try to be pretty light , so the ability to fold up and become quite compact was a strong plus . Comfortable to wear - not too much pressure on the head . Good noise suppression . I 'm sure that we would get better fidelity -LRB- and bulk -RRB- with Bose , but at barely $ 100 per pair these are an excellent choice .
 I thought I would write a review as I have had these for several years now . They are a great pair of headphones ! Sound quality is excellent and the noise cancellation is terrific ! The ONLY drawback is the battery pack . With this thing in the middle of the headphone cord , you will knock it around and it will fall on the floor at least once a sitting . The battery pack with all of the electronics for the noise cancellation is just in the wrong spot . It has fallen off the table so many times that now I have a low buzz in it . Oh well , I got a few good years out of it anyway .
 i bought these for my wife , and she loves them . they are more clear than conventional headphones .
 The headphone are great , but I would like to have more bass . That 's the big problem with small headphones.But for the price , they are not too bad .
 I 've owned several Sennheiser headphones , and have always liked the quality of the sound and the durability of their products . I considered the very similar -LRB- and somewhat cheaper -RRB- PXC 250 , but in the end went with these primarily because of Sennheiser 's assertion that the 300 's have slightly better noise cancellation and bass response . These are comfortable enough for me to wear all day , and block out enough outside noise that I can listen to my iPod at a comfortable volume while on the train , rather than blasting at full volume and still missing details . I like that hard case , as I keep these in my backpack and they get banged about a lot .
 I travel for a living ... so I needed headsets that were high quality , noise cancelling , and compact ... This headset met all of my requirements , and given its size , it provided outstanding noise cancelling . I did not expect to have the same level of attenuation as the large bulky headsets . I strongly recommend this headset for anyone that travels often ... if you can afford the space to carry a larger headset , you should go for larger , otherwise , this is your best choice .
 I just bought these NC-headphones and I now wonder how I 've flown without them all these years . I could n't believe how loud I had been listening to my music and movies while flying . The noise cancellation takes away the low hum of the jet engines . I even slept better with them on -LRB- no music or movies ... just the noise cancellation -RRB- . They 're light , comfortable and travel in a compact bag . So far , no complaints .
 These noise cancelling headphones are worth their weight in gold . They are easy to use , easy to store and feel great on your ears even on long trips . Great price and work great !
 They are lightweight and compact . I have used them on airplane trips 4 times already . They do cancel some of the noise , but for those that have n't used this technology before , do n't expect it to get quiet on a bus or plane . The main problems I have are the separate unit that contains the batteries is a little long to store/hide conveniently when in use and the two sets of wires easily get tangled . My wife has a $ 60 pair from another well known company , so I am not sure if these justify the higher price .
 I was able to test a bunch of headphones at my local electronics store . For just plain music listening , you can get much better sound for a lot less money with many different headsets . But if you are looking for noise cancelling headphones that are compact , reasonably priced and sound good to boot - these should be on your very short list . In fact , the only real competition is probably Sennheiser 's own PXC-250 's . I erred on the side of caution getting the `` better '' ones . They look a little cooler too . The only other choice , if you do n't want to look like an airline pilot , is the Bose QC 3 's . They are still bigger and at $ 350 , I figured I 'd buy both the Sennheiser 's and a 30 gig Ipod for about the same price.I do n't regret it a bit . They do exactly what they are supposed to do on the plane - Block out much of the engine noise and minimize the drone of nearby conversations . They also meet the frequent flyer requirement of being small and light and easy to pack . I 'd rather not have to deal with the wires and battery case , but it 's a trade off you have to make at this point if you want something this small and a sane price.Oh - and the conventional headphones I mentioned in the beginning - they will sound great in the store or at home , but at 30,000 feet , any advantage will be drowned out by all the noise . For flying -LRB- or long train rides - I do n't know what 's worse , the clickity-clack or the constant cell phone conversations -RRB- the PXC-300 's are lifesavers . Music , movies - whatever - they sound great even without cranking up the volume.Highly recommended.Update-Most of the preceding was posted in January 07 , fast forward to last week.Arghhh ... I just lost them ! The dangers of air travel . I blame completely the couple -LRB- you know who you are ! -RRB- that was sitting next to me on the plane . The flight was packed . I was on the aisle . When we got to the gate I got up to get my bags in the overhead . When I turned around , both of you were up , jamming into the crowded aisle with your large roller bags now pulled down and blocking my seat . With all this crap now in my space , and not enough room to move an inch , I forgot the Sennheisers and my unfinished Rolling Stone . I did remember the leftover $ 4.00 bag of chips though , so it was n't a total loss ... -LRB- Okay , I vented and am over it . All is forgiven . -RRB- I decided to try Shure E3 's as a replacement because I 'm hoping to use them for everyday use , not just travel . If I ca n't live with the in ear sound isolation , I 'd happily go back to Sennheisers , though I might try the 250 's next time .
 Clear , crisp sound . Superior base . Sound not distorted when you use the noise-reduction feature . Works great on the plane as well as kicking back in the living room . I did a lot of research before buying these for my husband who was ready to graduate to something high end . I tend to agree with others that the Bose have a great ad campaign , but the headphones themselves do n't compare to these . Also , they 're lightweight and not clunky to carry around . Comes with a travel case that fits snugly into his messenger bag .
 Bought these for my Dad for Christmas . He lives on airplanes . He absolutely loves them . He says that the noise is not only dramatically reduced but the music sounds much better also . He likes that they are compact not the over ear muff style . Based on his experience to date , I would recommend them to other -LRB- airplane -RRB- travellers who want a light , compact design with good noise cancellation and music fidelity .
 I 've purchased these Headphones primarily for in flight audio . I 've used it while exercising on my Nordic Track and Total Gym machines . They are extremely comfortable , cut out most of the noise from the machines and allow me to listen to my music without raising the volume too high . The sound quality is excellent . Be aware that they do n't cancel noise entirely but enough to enjoy the music that 's why I gave it a 4 stars intead of 5 . I am looking forward to try them on my next long flight.Highly recommended .
 THE GOOD : The majority of the reviews on this product hold true . They are not the BEST noise-canceling headphones , but they are pretty darn good . I have used them on an airplane , bus , car , train and even in the office to drown out the AC . Overall , they have performed as expected . Also , the price is very good , compared to the Bose , which I understand the performance to only be slightly better than these , for over double the cost.THE BAD : The stick that controls the noise-cancellation is a bit bulky . It has a clip , so it can be controlled , but it would have been nicer to have that control in the headset , or better yet , near the adapter -LRB- I hope no-one takes that idea :-RRB- -RRB- . Additionally , these are somewhat ear covering -LRB- that is what allows the noise-cancellation to work effectively -RRB- . Think of DJ headphones , but smaller . Personally , my ears do get a little warm after wearing these types of headphones . This is not specific to the Sennheiser , but generally the covered ear type of headphone.Overall
 The headphones are great . Airplane travel is now much better . I also use my headphones in the office and at home.battery life is good . Headphones are light , well-built and performance is fantastic . Price is unbeatable ... I think I paid $ 128 . . Compare that to the comparable $ 400 Bose model.I do not rate them 5 starts because of the separate baterry pack . This however is not a big deal , and actually does not bother me at all .
 The noise cancelling works well in many places
 well im very picky person , i 'm cheap but do n't throw money for trashy things . . Before buy anything i research a lot and read all reviews too . Just to make sure what others think and them experience . . so does n't matter its my shoes , my jacket , my camera , phone , laptop or my headphone . . i 've iriver , Zen and Ipod . . i was looking for good headphone well obviously Boss was the best deal but lil expensive for most of us . . then i found this Sennheiser PXC 300 . . After read different different reviews about people and check company background i decide to spend $ 119.99 . . so now about Sennheiser PXC 300Look -- Very Very Ordinary and CheapSize - Too Small to Cover your earBass - Depend on what you playing . . But not too bad.Weight - So light weight and ComfortableNoise canceling - Only 55 % Sound - Awesome , you can listen sing every single beatSo if you are looking for one great bass headphone then i do n't think so its good deal , this headphones are perfect for country , jazz , r & b ; and classics music , not made for rap or hip hop or techno music oh for Metal music this is great . . Well overall im very happy with this i would give 8 out of 10 . . so try it trust me you wo n't be disappoint
 The PXC 300 headphones sound good , and they are surprisingly effective at reducing ambient noise in airplanes , especially low frequencies . They are less sensitive than ear buds , and require a higher volume setting from the source to obtain a given sound level . That may reduce battery life in the source , but I have n't noticed significant change .
 Like some of the other reviewers I did a lot of research before buying.I wo n't bore people repeating too much of what has been written before however , this is an exceptionally good product.I travel from the West Coast to any other part of the US every other week and I had been using some old Sony noise cancelling headphones that I bought 3 years ago.The Sennheiser are a much superior product - better sound , better noise cancelling . Used them on a roundtrip from the West Coast to Miami this week for the first time and they exceeded my expectations in every way.Although I have not tried the Bose , I can not see that they could be any better than these Sennheisers.So they are better made , at least as good sound , at least as good at noise cancelling , more compact/lightweight and half the price of the Bose.Its a no-brainer really .
 Bought these headphones for my husband for Christmas . He wanted a pair of Bose Q3 's , but I did n't want to spend $ 350 . After checking a number of reviews , these headphones were highly praised for their light-weight and easy portablility , ... and they were a fraction of what the Bose cost . My husband loves them , and our bank account loves them too !
 This is the second Sennheiser noise cancelling headphone that I have purchased . It is lightweight , convenient to carry aboard a plane and works well at reducing the engine noise .
 I like the Sennheiser PXC 300 headphones . The noise-cancelling feature works but does not remove all background noise.I used the headphones on two flights where I sat near the wings -LRB- and engines -RRB- of a large passenger jet . I would estimate that 60 % of the engine noise was cancelled.If I had to buy noise-cancelling headphones again , I might go for ones that cover more of the ear and that cost somewhat less .
 I am extremely happy with the sound from these headphones . They are small and light enough to wear during my work out and the noise canceling qualities are superb !
 My husband lost his Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones . He was very pleased with them and wanted to replace them but the price was too high . He researched other headphones and bought the Sennheiser PXC 300 Noise Cancelling Headphones . He liked their performance and price . I purchased two other sets for Christmas gifts and both recipients used them on recent flights and were amazed at how well they worked .
 My wife was going to buy me the Bose headphones for my birthday . I thought they were just too pricy so I looked for alternatives . These were less than half the price and had received good reviews.I have had these for about seven months and they are great . The noise canceling , while not 100 % , is significant . I estimate that the dull background roar of the plane is reduced by 90 % , without being plugged into a music source . Add music and you are in your own world.Wearing these for an extended time -LRB- over three hours -RRB- produces some discomfort on my ears . But I assume that putting anything over your ears for three hours would do the same.Having tried these and the Bose , if money is no object , get the Bose . However , you can get two of these for the price of the Bose , and share the experience with your partner .
 My 18 year old son requested Bose but for $ 300 , I looked around and compared reviews of others . These had the best reviews and I got a great price on these . I did try them and they are not completely Noise cancelling . I did not try the Bose but these for the price are good enough .
 I bought my son a pair of these headphones and he loved them so I had to try them . I was very pleased with my purchase . The sound quality is great and the noise canceling is a lot better than I expected .
 provides a nice noise reduction , though it is not completely cancelled . Also at low volume/there is a kind of white noise . But that 's better than the noise that I need to be reduced . If there is no noise at all , noice cancellation produces deeper sounds compared to turning the cancellation off
 Gave it as a gift to my son who flies frequently and listens to alternative music -LRB- deep thudding base and no melody - but I digress ... this is a review of headphones , not music -RRB- . He loves the headphones and in direct comparison with his partner 's Bose , says the Sennheiser is as good as the Bose at half the cost . A no brainer in his opinion .
 I purchased these for my recent transatlantic flight . I did alot of research , because I did not want to spring for the Bose , also , too many comments about the Bose headpiece cracking after several wearings . So , I decided on the Sennheiser 300 , which were also recommended by a friend . They come in a nice little case , and they fold up , does n't take too much to get the hang of folding them . I was also happy because they have a two prong adapter which was necessary for my flight . They cancelled out all of the plane 's swooshing noises , which give me terrible headaches . You arrive much more rested , IMHO . They do n't cancel out ALL noise , such as the screaming baby , but do minimize these disturbances . Very comfortable to wear . I think these are the best in this price range , and they are sturdily constructed .
 At first I thought that these were quite an expensive purchase , however after trying them found that they were every bit worth the money that I spent . They are well and truly the best noice cancelling headphones I have tried and they do really work . Once you switch them on the plane total piece and quiet from the surrounding noises and the music sound quality for play back was also of a very high quality.I would recommend these for anyone who had regular flights , particularly the longer flights overseas .
 I bought these for my wife as a Christmas present . She normally travels using company provided Bose QC II but she was very impressed with the Sennheiser 's performance and comfort . Her opinion is that they are as good as the Bose and more comfortable to boot . I have used them as well and I find their performance to be outstanding and they are very comfortable . Bose makes nice equipment but the cost/benefit analysis after comparing both products makes Sennheiser seem to be the clear winner .
 I use these both in airline travel and at the gym . The noise canceling feature functions well in airplanes . In the the gym , it blocks nearly all the other noises and helps block the pain of exercise .
 I never expected the extent to which these headphones made my travel much more pleasable . I would recommend these headphones .
 They arrived sooner than anticipated in perfect shape . Tried on a recent flight - they are awesome . They truly cancel the plane engine noise and allowed me to sleep -LRB- rare for me on a flight -RRB- . Note
 The good news is they sound decent , the noise canceling works as well as you would expect and the also still function even when the battery is dead -LRB- just no sound canceling -RRB- . Also they have great battery life.The bad news is that folding them up is n't that easy , you have to fiddle a bit to get them to fold up the right way one side must go under the other must go over just a mess . The cords do n't feel that durable . While I have had these for 2 years it has yet to fail , but I try to be very careful with the cord do to the rather cheap feeling . Lastly the portion that hold the battery is a bit large and not well placed along the cord.If you plan on using these in your home and never really folding them for travel then they would be 5 star headphones . If you plan on using them to travel and will be folding them up and pack on a regular basis then I would say they are more like 3 star headphones . I use mine at home but for travel I have a pair of Sony noise cancelling headphones that do n't work quite as well but because they fold up and travel better , well I use them on the road for that reason alone .
 I use it on a bus . It blocks most of the low frequency noise . The quality of the sound reproduction is amazing .
 The best thing about the headphones are thier size and packability . They fold into a small space , fit nicely into the supplied case , and fit easily into my crampt brief case . The sound is excellent -LRB- second only to the more costly and bulky Bose -RRB- , and the noise reduction is great . As with all sit on your ear headphones , they do make you want to take them off after a several hours of use . My wishes for improvements
 A great , lightweight NC headset . I do a lot of traveling in all types of airplanes , and the 300s keep the noise out while providing excellent sound reproduction . In a jet airliner , the overall effect is terrific . In a turboprop , it is a godsend . The unique folding feature makes the included zipper pouch easy to store . I also like the airliner dual plug adapter , in case I want to watch what 's on the airplane 's entertainment system .
 -LRB- This review is for the PXC 300 -RRB- This is a well-executed product , but since there are some compromises , I 'll give it a 4.5 . I was looking for something that would isolate me from ambient noise in our open office arrangement . I have some nice Shure E2Cs , and some Sennheiser over-the-ear phones -- but the Shure buds require more fiddling if someone drops by your desk , and the larger phones look a bit anti-social . Do n't expect full spectrum , noise free performance from any active noise canceling headphones . It wo n't happen , and I have other headphones/earbuds which offer better spectral performance . But in the office or on the plane I 'm just trying to listen to something decent and to control background noise by means OTHER than cranking up the headphone volume . Pay three times more for the Bose , and you merely paid three times more.These Sennheisers beat the Bose models because you can use them in the passive mode -LRB- battery off -RRB- as `` regular '' headphones should you wish to remain entertained by the airplane 's armrest -LRB- United Channel 9
 I love my Sennheiser noise-cancelling headphones . Not only does the noise-cancelling feature work well , but the sound quality is excellent and they are comfortable . They also fold up nicely , so they 're convenient for taking on a plane .
 Very comfortable to wear . While the noise cancelling mechanism is a bit awkward to deal with , the light weight of the headphones on your head does compensate for this design issue.The other major plus is that you do not look like a poseur wearing egregiously overprised Bose headphones -LRB- I call them Pose headphones -RRB- .
 Ease of use - excellentBattery life - lasted a flight to/from Hawaii and still in useDecreased cabin noise - good -LRB- nothing else to compare it to -RRB- Sound quality - very goodPrice - not as expensive as Bose
 I find that Sennheiser PXC 300 provide quality sound reproduction , and remove distracting outside sounds . Their comfortable and easy to adjust . I would recommend them at this price .
 Pros : - Excellent noise cancelling capability-Extremely comfortable for extended periods of time-Great battery life-Good audio quality -LRB- see qualification below -RRB- - Fold up into a relatively compact spaceCons : - Like all noise cancelling headphones , only works on lower frequencies-Like all noise cancelling headphones , adds a low-level hiss of white noise to the background when on-The electronics unit on the cord gets in the way-Will not cut out as much noise as in-ear units-Origami-like folding requires some patienceIF you are one of the lucky few who can tolerate in-ear buds -LRB- the headphones that stick into your ear canal like earplugs -RRB- AND find buds that seal off your ear canals adequately , you 'll get much better noise reduction than noise cancelling headphones provide . Earbuds also provide noise reduction over a wider spectrum and do passively in the same way those little foam earplugs do . This is also , obviously , the most portable option , as these units often fit in small cases a little larger than a silver dollar in diameter.For the rest of us , there 's the noise cancelling option . So about 2 years ago I decided to go this route . I was doing a lot of traveling by plane and found the general cabin noise and engine drone to be distracting when listening to music . I went by an in-airport electronics store and tried out all of the noise cancelling headphones they had -LRB- including the highest end Bose units -RRB- . I found the Sennheiser PXC 250 provided significantly higher quality audio than any of the others -LRB- including the Bose Quiet Comfort series -RRB- , with a smaller package , with better noise cancelling ability , and at a lower cost . I was able to test all headsets in a side-by-side comparison with and without music in a busy airport terminal -LRB- Atlanta -RRB- and with and without noise cancelling . Let 's just say the difference is impressive.I just purchased the PXC 300 model and have found them to be even better , just as you would expect . This review applies equally to the PXC 250 model except where noted . A comparison of the two is at the bottom.That said , all noise cancelling headphones have limitations.First , they all are better at low-frequency noise reduction . I 've heard several explanations for this ranging from technological limitations to safety reasons . Suffice it to say that they all reduce engine noise , repetitive noise -LRB- such as fans -RRB- , and most ambient noise significantly . They will reduce the volume of surrounding conversations less -LRB- though still some -RRB- . So this means , though you will not be put on an island of tranquility , you will have a noticeable reduction in ambient noise . The easiest way to prove this to yourself is to turn the noise cancelling circuit off and notice how much louder you tend to listen to your music in the same environment.Second , in a quiet environment with no music playing through the headphones , you will notice a faint hiss added when noise cancelling is turned on . Most people wo n't notice this if they are listening to music -LRB- although some can -RRB- . The amount of this noise varies from headphone to headphone and has no relationship to the quality of noise cancelling . In good quality headphones , the hiss is several orders of magnitude quieter than ambient noise in even moderately noisy environments.Third , the noise cancelling requires circuitry and batteries to be placed somewhere . In the larger headphones -LRB- like most Bose Quiet Comfort series -RRB- , they have enough room to put it in the headphones themselves . In smaller ones , like the Sennheiser units , they have a separate `` wand '' with the electronics in it . Neither of these is an ideal solution.Considering all of the above , I have found the Sennheiser PXC 250 & 300 models to be the best compromise . The amount of hiss added in the background is minimal and is easily ignored in most situations . If you are an audiophile , you 'll probably notice it , so you are better off in quiet places using a more traditional headset . If you are traveling , though , the hiss is such a small sacrafice compared to the ambient noise you 're losing , that it 's an easy trade . Of all the models I tried , the Sennheiser units were among the quietest.When compared to the Bose Quiet Comfort 2 , I find the sound quality to be superior in the Sennheiser units . The Sennheisers do n't muddy the sound as much as the Bose units and the instruments on the soundstage are more distinct . Do n't get me wrong . None of these units are studio reference-quality headphones . Considering the price , though , the Sennheiser units sound about as good as comparably priced non-noise cancelling headphones , if not a little better -LRB- the PXC 250 being cheaper -RRB- . Besides , if you 're so picky about sound quality , why are n't you listening to your music at home instead of on a plane?I found the PXC 250 's level of noise cancellation to be better than the Bose units ' . The PXC 300 is even better . This may surprise some people due to the fact that the Bose QC2 unit covers the whole outside of the ear , pressing firmly against the side of the skull with the leather covered foam pads whereas the Sennheisers only press up against the ear itself . Thus , there are a lot more gaps for sound to creep into your ear canal with the smaller Sennheisers . So , as counterintuitive as it may seem , the Sennheisers still do a significantly better job of cancelling noise than do the Bose units . This may be due , in part , to the whole nature of noise cancelling and the fact that the headphones are actively cancelling out noise rather than relying on passive measures.PXC 250 vs. PXC 300So , comparing the PXC 250 to the 300 is the final task . Both units have the same form factor , the same `` wand '' containing two AAA batteries , and essentially the same look . Both are extremely comfortable for long periods of time -LRB- both are traditional over-the-head designs -RRB- , though can get warm from body heat against the leather headphone cushions . Also , both fold into a smaller area in exactly the same way . The headphones have extra hinges that essentially allow the units to fold into about half the space and loosely lock in place . It 's a little challenging , though , for some people to get the hang of it in the same way that a lot of people have trouble folding up car maps.According to the company , the PXC 300 is supposed to be superior in regards to noise cancelling . This is probably provable in a laboratory setting , but is much less noticeable in the real world . Thus , in this regard , the PXC 250 is the better deal.Sound quality is also very similar between the two . Bearing in mind that you 're listening to these in noisy environments , the PXC 300 probably does n't warrant the extra money.Finally , and somewhat strangely , the two units come with two different carrying cases . The PXC 300 comes with a semi-hard ballistic nylon type case that opens like a clamshell with a zipper . It provides a reasonable amount of protection to the headphones . Unfortunately , I like the PXC 250 case better . It is a soft case made of ballistic nylon . However , it has a belt loop and an extra zippered pocket on the outside . Thus , you can separate your spare batteries and plug adapters from your headphones . In addition , the soft case is perfect for also carrying around an iPod in . The PXC 300 hard case has no belt loops , no extra pocket , and is a little more of a chore to carry around along with all your luggage . I 'm actually swapping it out for the PXC 250 case.In summation , the PXC 250 and 300 are both noticeably superior to their noise cancelling competitors in their intended purpose , both in sound quality and in noise reduction . They will not compete against high end non-noise cancelling units in a quiet environment , nor will they compete with in-ear buds with a comfortable fit and a complete ear canal seal -LRB- which I find uncomfortable -RRB- . They will , however , provide a marked increase in comfort and quiet on those long plane , bus , and car trips , and will likely become a faithful traveling companion.Of the two , the PXC 250 is probably the better deal . The differences in noise cancelling and sound quality between the models are minimal , especially when considering the intended environment , but the price difference is not .
 If you 're expecting to buy these and cancel ALL outside noises , then you need NOT apply . The PXC300 like all -LRB- Bose , previous Sennheisers , Sony 's , etc. -RRB- are designed to cancel out certain frequency ranges that prove to be the most annoying to commuters/travellers . These range in the 300hz - 1Khz band . Most sounds outside this range are unaffected . The positive is that for travellers looking to drown out that annoying aircraft cabin noise , these will work wonders for you . They 'll also work well in auto 's , trains , etc. . What they are not as good for is cancelling out conversations -LRB- although they will mute it somewhat -RRB- and other higher frequency sounds around you.Sound quality is good but not quite in the excellent category . IMO , they are better than the Bose since I find the Bose to sound very colored -LRB- sound is not the same as the source - typical Bose -RRB- , the Bose seems to bottom out the bass driver when playing certain types of music , and finally the Bose noise cancellation circuit introduces more hiss than these Sennheisers.Ergonomically the Sennheisers will travel well with you . The carry case fits the headphones , battery stick and adapters very well . The Bose , on the other hand , is a huge monster that takes up half your carry luggage.If you 're looking for a true sound isolation headphone you 'd need to look at something like the Shure E4C or the Etymotic ER4P . These truly sound great and accurate while virtually eliminating ALL outside sound . The downside is that they are in ear headphones and many find them uncomfortable and difficult to wear on an airplane , especially when cabin pressure changes and your ears ca n't equalize the pressure as easily .
 This is my first noise-canceling headphone . So I was very curious to see how it worked . And how good its sound was . I must say I 'm very satisfied - the phones are well worth the price.The phones are very light , and very soft to wear . They fit tight and their very good cushioning provide already an excellent sound insulation from the ambient . It is possible to wear the phones for hours without getting tired or your ears sore.Without noise-canceling , the phones present a clear sound , with crisp treble e strong bass . Being closed , there is some problem with building a `` natural '' sound image , specially with pop music where stereo separation is artificially increased . Otherwise , sound quality is hi-fi class.Turning noise-canceling on has in fact two effects . There is some amplification of the signal . In my case , that 's great given my laptop has a somewhat low output . The amplification is coupled with a sort of `` loudness '' effect . There is a clear reinforcement of bass and treble . What might disturb purists actually works great for noisy environments . What about the noise-canceling effect itself ? Well , it 's quite amazing given you do n't expect miracles . Basically , the `` oooossshhh '' sound generated by air conditioning , plane engines , or the bus rolling on the road disappears , or is greatly reduced . This is enough for a much greater enjoyment of your music.My only disappointment was that the noise-canceling unit is not detachable as I expected . So , even if you do n't intend to use noise reduction you have to carry the unit , that is a little larger than a fountain pen . Alas .
 I have used the Sennheiser PXC 300 and the Bose QC2 on domestic U.S. and trans-Pacific flights to/from Australia . Here are the relative strengths and weaknesses : PXC 300 - smaller & lighter - takes up less room in carry-on - plays without active noise cancelling feature turned onBose QC2 - fully cover the ears to shield maximum sound in-leakage - somewhat more comfortable on long flights - will not play without noise cancelling feature turned onI like the Bose but must tip in favor of the Sennheiser 's given the substantial price difference . Wake up Bose ... think `` value priced smart design '' .
 For the price , you simply wo n't find a better set of noise-cancelling headphones . Believe me , I 've looked and compared . I have read reviews stating that these are not as comfortable on long flights as the Bose QuietComfort 2 -LRB- which , by the way , cost over $ 100 more -RRB- , but I find that hard to believe . I have worn these for several hours without the slightest bit of discomfort . The sound is amazing , as well . I have a rather good home theater system , and these sound better than it . The noise-cancelling works wonders at eliminating low-frequency droning noises , such as airplane engines , air conditioning and the like , with virtually no coloring of the music.At prices ranging from $ 150 to more than $ 200 for a set -LRB- Amazon 's is the best price of the major online retailers -RRB- , these are not for everyone . However , if you want a pair of noise-cancelling headphones that actually work , and you demand excellent audio reproduction , you wo n't find any better than these . Included when you buy a set are two adapters -LRB- one for airplane audio jacks and one for larger stereo systems -RRB- , batteries -LRB- for powering the noise-cancelling feature -RRB- , and a very nice case that the headphones fold down into for compact storage and travelling . All-in-all , a terrific package .
 I have been a headphone aficionado of sorts for going on four decades . Among my favorites at present are the HD-580 and the Sony MDR-V6 . In the past , I 've owned the classic Sennheiser models HD-414 and HD-424 , as well as a pair or two of AKG , etc. . You get the idea.I have to begin with a short discussion of noise reduction . Except for a couple of really cheap off-brand models that I have listened to in stores , all of the noise canceling headphones that I have listened to are roughly equal in terms of their active noise cancellation ability . Of the ones that genuinely work , they are effective only over the lower 2/3 or so of the audio spectrum . The reason is that in order for active noise cancellation to work , the waveform produced by the headphone must arrive at the eardrum with the proper phase relative to the original waveform . At 20 kHz , the wavelength is about one-half inch , so the microphone would have to be placed essentially against the eardrum in order for the ambient noise that it `` hears '' to be the same as what the ear hears . Taking into account the need to place the microphone at the outside of the headphone in order to receive the ambient noise at a much higher level than the sound emitted from the speaker , it is easy to see that at higher frequencies , it is n't possible for the microphone to hear the same ambient noise waveform that the ear hears . Headphones that are effective at reducing ambient noise in the upper octaves do it the old-fashioned way
 My choice of headphones depended largely on the reviews available at Amazon.com and I had shortlisted 2 products , the Bose and the Sennheiser . I had a chance to visit the Bose Showroom and they gave me a demo of the noise reduction headphones . Quality of sound was definately very good but they were bulky , real bulky and it would be a pain carrying them in your hand luggage . I took a chance and opted for the Sennheiser . They are smart , come with a compact carrying case , excellent sound and the noise reduction is really good . I would say maybe the Bose are about 20 % as far as NOISE REDUCTION is concerned , mainly because thier ear pads cup the whole year , so automatically some external sound is blocked . However considering that the quality of sound is the same and that these are much sleeker and cheaper , nearly 1/2 the price , I think it is a great buy . In fact even if the Bose were the same price , I would opt for the Sennheiser since in my case price was NOT a criteria ; Convenience while travelling was and of course the quality of sound .
 I 've been in the market for a good pair of noise cancelling headphones for a while , and after trying out a pair of Bose noise cancelling headphones , decided not to buy them , mostly because of the outrageous price . I wanted to try out a pair of Sennheiser 's but could n't find a store that would sell them so based on the excellent reviews , I put them on my X-mas list . My dh bought them on Amazon for a very good price for me . Also , someone else accidently bought me a pair of Sony Noise Cancelling headphones for Christmas , so I got to try those out too . Well , my final verdict is that the Sennheiser 's are the best noise cancelling headphones out of the three . They have some drawbacks , but I think the sound quality more than makes up for those . Here 's how they stack up .1 . Noise cancelling
 I had been a relatively happy owner of the previous model in this series -LRB- PXC 250 -RRB- -- noise reduction and small folded-size relative to price . Rating the PXC 250 a 4-star product and motivated by my expectation for an improved version + the comments here at Amazon , I decided to buy the PXC 300 -LRB- the current model -RRB- . I can only speak for the use of both models during air-travel . This being the context of my comment here , I see ZERO improvement of PXC 300 over the PXC 250 . Needless to say , I may save you some money in case you decide to buy the PXC 250 , based on this review.To make it complete , for the curious ones , here 's what I commented on the PXC 250 : There seems to be a couple of uses for PXC 250 . I will speak only in reference to their noise canceling function in airplanes . To really come and appreciate these headphones one has to use them during a flight overseas . I would estimate the noise reduction to about 60 % , of which 50 % is due to electronics and 10 % to the small pads that apply on your ears . I wrote ` small pads ' for they do not cover completely one 's ears . Battery life seems decent and sound quality is top considering the circumstances -- jazz and classical music will come through just right . Their being foldable is a neat and space-saving feature!Could PXC 250 be better ? They surely can -- though I 'm not 100 % clear on how much improvement ought to be expected from electronics vs. the geometry of the ear-pads . Not having tried Bose QuietComfort II headphones in flight it is hard for me to draw any comparisons . However , if one travels often by plane , the price concerns associated with Bose QuietComfort II headphones should n't be an obstacle , especially for trying them . Otherwise , PXC 250 is a safe buy!Addendum
 I 've tried out a number of noise-cancelling and isolating headphones with an iPod . Here are my impressions : Shure E4c -LRB- isolating -RRB-
 I am very impressed with the BOSE noise-cancelling headsets that I 've tried out in the airports . The effect is almost like you are in your own private bubble - even in the middle of a busy lobby . When I found the Sennheiser PXC300 on sale at Amazon , I jumped on it because BOSE never discounts their prices - and $ 300 + is too rich for my blood . The PXC300 set is GREAT in some key ways
 I had the Sennheiser 250 which my bulldog Buster -LRB- the spitting image of the shredder dog pitching Fellowes shredders -RRB- finally rendered inoperable.The 250 was a good buy . The 300 is even better . I listen mostly to classical music , with heavy doses of choral masterpieces and opera . But I also listen to jazz combos , and vocalists , recorded in intimate settings . These headphones render clean and unbiased sound for both types of music.The noise cancelling is less obtrusive to me than was that of the 250 , and it is more effective . My wife often watches TV while I work and listen to streaming audio . Ordinary sound volume from the TV does not penetrate the sound from the 300 . It was noticeable to me when using the 250 . All in all , a big improvement.BTW , I bought mine on Amazon from Electronics Expo which provided great service .
 I recently purchased this item and had the pleasure of giving it a few tests on some trans-atlantic travel recently.First off , I will state that this is my first noise-canceling headset purchase so I ca n't compare it to Bose , Sony , or the other products.I flew from Chicago to London on a Boeing 777 . In the past when I 've made this trip , the engine noise and airstream noise in the cabin made it difficult for me to sleep and just tune out . You can obviously play your MP3 player as loud as you want and eventually overcome this noise , but especially when trying to sleep ... this isnt ideal.So , since sleep was the goal I decided to go with a two tiered approach . I used foam earplugs for passive noise cancellation and then wore my Sennheiser 's as well for active noise cancellation . The combination of the two really made for a nice experience . It was very calming and peaceful to have the engine and air noise blocked off and then I just streamed in my MP3 player to provide some light music and I slept very well.Some observations of mine ... The reviews I had read complained about the battery pack . I personally had no problem with it . I usually wear a sweatshirt on a plane since I tend to get cold , and I just clipped the battery back to my collar and didnt even realize it was there . So , while people were making hay about this topic in reviews ... I feel like its a non-issue and didnt bother me in the least.The quality of the active noise cancellation is partly a reflection to how tight the headset is on your head/ears . So , here is the battle ... if the headset is on loosely you experience great comfort but loose a little noise cancelling and if it is on real tight , you get better noise canceling but it puts more pressure on your head and over a long flight can lead to discomfort.So , when I try to sleep on these flights I wear an eye mask to block out any ambient light . So I wore my eye mask and and let the elastic band of the mask fit over the Sennheiser 's so the headset was just a little bit tighter on my head . I did feel like it gave the headset better performance while giving up no appreciable decline in comfort.I did also get to experience a 1 hour flight aboard a turbo-prop aircraft ... . A Dash-8 -LRB- Q400 -RRB- from Southampton to Dublin Ireland . I thought the Sennheiser did quite well on the low tone ambient noise , but the noise from the propellor still was pretty prominent . Now , the Bose products seem to be the `` cats-meow '' in the noise cancellation headset business ... I 'd really be surprised if that product can really reduce noise from a propellor aircraft . It just seems to me that a propellor is more along the lines of a jack-hammer -LRB- more violent -RRB- type of sound opposed to the long consistent hum of a jet engine . So , I will concede the fact taht the Sennheiser didnt do very well with a prop plane , but I 'd really be curious to know how well any of the other products due in this environment anyhow.Overall , I 'm extremely satisfied with the purchase and am glad to have them with me in my travels .
 this headphones are the best i ever had - they make my ipod sound incredibly high-end . there is of course a lot to carry around and the separate amplifier noise-cancellation unit is pretty uneasy to handle . the de-wiring became a ritual and i wish they would come out with a wire-reduced version and smaller battery-amplifier housing . still i am absolutetly convinced that there is nothing better out there - compared them with high-end Bose the Sennheiser is unbeatable . Whenever i am at a party someone shows up with an iPod and Bose headphones - we play comparison and i love the fact after exchanging phones and iPods - same music on same iPod - flipping the headphones that the twice as expensive Bose never beats the Sennheiser . Hope they fix the cable-issue one day and the cheap feel of the housing - in this case the Bose looks better .
 I 'm a big Sennheiser fan , so when my only pair broke -LRB- my fault -RRB- , I found myself lost without them . The first pair of Sennheiser 's I bought were only about $ 40 - I 've never needed to use another headphone in the last 3 years I had them , because they were just that good.But this pair . . Woo Hoo !! even better!I bought these because I HATE hearing engine noise from my semi truck when I 'm listening to music . . and these work flawlessly at completely blocking that noise as well as the sound of air coming from the ac vents.Above all
 great headphones , especially for travelling . they sound great and the noise cancelling unit is relatively small , so they are not a big pain to carry around in normal circumstances , but they really shine on the train or plane , where the noise cancelling feature makes a big difference .
 Puts you in a pleasent place while listening . Wo n't cover up screaming babies or barking dogs and car horns , but the white noise that is ever present is covered sufficiently to make the experience much better than conventional phones . Highly recomended at the price compared to Bose which are no better .
 I bought these as the reviews were good and they were a lot less expensive than Bose noise canceling earphones . The earphones work as advertised . When I have them on , with no sound , I can clearly hear my computer 's fans . Switching the noise cancellation on the fan sound disappears , higher pitched sounds like music are still audible -LRB- all noise canceling earphones only work to about 1000 Hz according to their specs -RRB- There is a faint hiss in the background which I do n't believe is audible when listening to music . My wife has a set of Bose QC3s which of course cost a lot more . The Bose work a little better in my opinion since there is no background hiss . The Bose must be powered on to hear music . The Sennheiser PXC300 can be used to listen to music without being powered -LRB- the music is at a lower volume -RRB- . The battery holder is a little awkward , but earphones are lighter . It uses 2 AAA batteries vs a special rechargable battery with the Bose phones . Just got them so have n't had a chance to try them out on an airplane yet .
 Sennheiser PXC 300 Noise Cancelling HeadphonesOverall audio quality is good . Very good mid range and highs , average in low range . Headphones can be used without noise cancelling function turned on -LRB- a nice feature -RRB- but the overall audio quality is noticeably better with the function turned on . When plugged into an iPod , requires high volume setting but this does not seem to cause any problem for either iPod or headphones . Noise cancelling capability is acceptable for the price . Headset and ear cushions are very comfortable for long duration use . Separate battery case is somewhat awkward and inconvenient . Overall , given the price , this product provides good performance and is recommended .
 This was my first set of noise-cancelling headphones , and I must say , the difference is astounding . Yes , the sound is good - yes , they 're portable - yes , they have use-extending adapters , but the real difference is how you feel when you get off the plane.I find myself much more relaxed , particularly after a long flight , when using these headphones . I 've forgotten to bring them along on occasion , and the difference is significant.I admit to using guinea pigs - I bought them as gifts to clients before buying one for myself . One client reported to me that he already owned a much more expensive set of Bose noise-reducing headphones , but preferred these Sennheisers.I bought one for myself , and one for my wife . We love them , and leave them on every possible moment on the aircraft.One tip - make sure you locate the `` L '' and `` R '' designations for the correct ear , as putting them on wrong can lead to sore ears .
 Great noise cancelling technology . The best part is that they fold up into a compact carrying case .
 Good headphones in nice hardcover box . Useful in office with AC or in airplane -LRB- airplane adapters included -RRB-
 On the flight from London to Phoenix the Sennheiser PXC 300 made watching movies and listening to music apleasure . Me and my wife we had to share the headphones . So , I bought another set for my wife for christmas .
 Works exactly as advertised - I travel a lot and I can finally enjoy those long travel hours in planes calmly.Worth the `` relatively '' high price tag .
 I placed order and then realized I would not be at address originally given . I contacted the company and they arranged to change ship address with no problem . A lot of companies would have said , `` Too bad . '' I appreciated their understanding !
 I 'm not a major music person and I was n't looking for the best product out on the market . I 'm pretty average in what I listen to . I was extremely surprised with the performance of these headphones . The noise cancelling is great . I primarily use them in an office where people are talking around me . If i put the cancelling feature on , I do n't hear anything . I definetly recommend them to everyone .
 I 've been looking for a better way to listen to my portable devices than ear buds which make my ears sore after a while . Since I travel by air a lot I also wanted a noise canceling feature . The ear-canal phones worked OK but they were a hassle to insert and remove and it was difficult to get a good seal . Over the ear headphones were just too big to wear while exercising or to carry on the plane . Compact on-the-ear phones seemed the best option and I did some research coming up with the PXC-300 as one of the finalist candidates . Based on user reviews , I bought these.The noise canceling feature may not be equal to Bose but these phones work just fine to eliminate that roar the airline passenger hears . You can still hear others around you but muted . These are very comfortable . I wear glasses and the ear pads do not press them into my head . I have used the headphones for 6 hours straight - could n't do that with any of the other types listed above . Their audio quality is perfectly acceptable to me . Are they hard to fold up ? Not really . Takes a little time but they fold up into a semi-rigid case that is easy to store in my briefcase . Flimsy ? Not at all in my opinion . Just use common sense and they 'll be fine . The build quality is excellent . The electronics/battery pod ? It would be nice if it was n't there but then the headset would have to be bigger and heavier . The pod 's about the size of a magic marker or white board pen and it can clip into your shirt pocket . Not much heavier than the 2 AA batteries inside . One thing I do n't think I saw mentioned is that the pod has a swiveling clip so you can attach it to clothing depending on the way you want the wires to go . The battery life is very good and you can still use the phones if they die . Last flight , I put the mp3 player and the battery pack in the headset case with just the wires to the phones coming out . Kept everything together , protected , and convenient.I hope this helps . I 'm really happy with the choice and think they 're a very good value . Highly recommended .
 I like these headphones alot but find the comfort level of the ear pads to be less comfortable than the ones on model 250 -LRB- which I really liked before losing and replaced with model 300 -RRB- .
 Awesome headphones . Great sound cancelling , use them on airplanes and at home when I do n't want to disturb the rest of the house . Great stereo sound .
 These headphones are lightweight , sound great and do a terrific job blocking noise . Dollar for dollar the best I have used including the so called standard Bose . Improvements I would suggest
 I purchased two headphones for a long international flight for my wife and me . The headphones performed beautifully and the noise cancelling feature was a god send . However , with the smaller seat space on today 's airlines , the cord was often bent over 90 degrees out of the connector . One of the sets ` wire apparently broke and only one channel would work . It 's within current technology to design a harness that would take repeated bending and stress . One of my headphones is now back for repair .
 These headphones are perfect for the traveler who wants a very goid noise reduction headset and a compact format . These headphones work great and can fit in the smallest of carry-ons . I highly recommend theme for the price .
 The PXC300 's sound quality is very good , bright and pleasant . Noise reduction is respectable , not quite as good as Bose , but then it is only half the price . The noise reduction is significant and it definitely helps on long flights . The compact , light-weight design makes it comfortable and easy to carry . The folding mechanism seems a bit fragile so I 'm happy to have the hard case . However , the cables are a bit stiff so watch out for pinching them in the case 's zipper when you close it .
 This is my first purchase of noise canceling headphones , but the need was urgent as I sit next to a very loud colleague and in-ear headphones were n't cutting it . I find that with the item turned on , the music is a bit louder -LRB- though I like having the option of playing music with it -RRB- and the a/c or heat sound disappear -LRB- not that it ever bothered me -RRB- and all you can hear is your music . I still hear the loud cackling laughter occasionally , but overall , I 'm able to hear my music without distraction . Even on the airplanes I do n't hear the crying babies or people talking since the over-ear cups around to keep all the music in and all the noise out.I was afraid of the pinching as I was always accustomed to wearing in-ear buds prior to this , but I do n't find it painful at all , even after an 8-hour day.The only negative , which I believe must happen with most noise-canceling devices , is that I occasionally feel pressure building in my head . I 'm not sure why this is , but I 'd read it before I purchased them , and even though I 'm prone to severe migraines , I decided to risk it . I 'm glad I did . The migraines have never been triggered , just occasionally and pressure in my head , but again , that 's remedied by turning off the noise-canceling feature , and I still feel I hear the music better than with the ear buds .
 Anyone who travels on the NYC subway knows they can blow out their ears trying to listen to music over the subway noises . The Sennheister PXC 300 was given to me for XMas , and it has been a godsend.Pros : By my estimation -LRB- hardly scientific -RRB- the headphones cancel about 75 % of the lower frequency noise on the subway . I get an instant boost in the quality of the music , while canceling out most of the mechanical noises . I will still hear some speech and mechanical noise , but it 's no comparision.Very comforable.Cons : The mechanism holding the noise-cancelling circuits and batteries is seperate from the phones , and can be cumbersome . I usually clip it to my shirt.Case is not well organized .
 These paired with my Archos Gmini 402 MP3 player provide an excellent sound system for travelling . Noise cancellation is real and better than my Brookstone full cup noise-cancelling headphones . For a test , power up your washing machine and turn the headphones on , this will give you a feel for what they are cancelling out.Now if they would only come up with a pair that will cancel out children , crying babies , and redundant flight attendant announcements on a plane -LRB- none will at this time :-RRB- -RRB-
 At work I sit right under an air conditioning/heating vent . The resulting low-level drone can get pretty annoying . I also travel somewhat frequently by both air and train.I used to have a pair of old cheap Maxell noise-reducing headphones . They worked , but broke -LRB- see `` cheap '' -RRB- . I decided to replace them with these Sennheiser 's after demoing a pair my brother had bought.They certainly do the job I intended them for -- the vent noise at work , and the engine drone on the road , are effectively negated.Ironically this sometimes makes nearly conversations MORE audible , as the headphone design is n't an ISOLATING design , while the noise-reducing circuitry takes out only the steady low-frequency sound . Personally I 'm fine with that tradeoff , as I find fully-enclosing cups terribly uncomfortable during long sessions.Sound quality is very good , coming close to my Sony studio headphones at home -LRB- while being quite a bit more comfortable for long-term wear than said studio phones -RRB- .
 One unexpected benefit of these headphones is that with the noise-cancelling on , my hearing aid does not feed back . With most headphones , I have to turn down the hearing aid I wear in one ear to avoid feedback from the headphone cup . And so the music in that ear is much quieter . With this set -LRB- and perhaps other noise cancelling phones -RRB- , I can leave the volume up on the earpiece , and I get a much more balanced audio experience than otherwise .
 I auditioned Bose but they color the music too much for my taste.These are great . Easy to wear , terrific sound quality with great seperation for something so small.I do n't hesitate to recommned them .
 I love these headphones . They are very light and the sound quality is amazing.I work in a very noisy lab for long periods of time . The noise cancellation unit works amazingly well to diminish the background noise and the batteries are doing well.The quality of these headphones is very high . I am very happy with my headphones : - -RRB-
 I wear these headphones at work for 8 + hours at a stretch , 5 days a week . They 're very comfortable , even at the end of the day . The noise canceling blocks out most office noise and does n't kill the batteries -LRB- one pair of AAA batteries lasts a long time -RRB- . With the music at a reasonable volume , they block out the ventilation system , most colleagues , printers , faxes , keyboard , pc & monitor noise , etc.I 've worn them on flights and they do an excellent job of blocking out the background buzzing on the planes too . They 're light and fold up into a durable , compact shape that makes them excellent for traveling .
 I limited my buying choices to what appeared to be the 2 best noise-cancelling headsets after reading numerous reviews in various publications
 Very effective in reducing background rumble for in-city listening . Better than some other noise-canceling ` phones in that one can still listen to the source material when the NC unit is off or its battery -LRB- 2x standard AA-cells -RRB- is depleted . Also , no proprietary , non-replaceable battery.Low-frequency rumble of auto road noise is reduced to a slight whispering . Even the brappa-brapp of Harleys is reduced . Wind noise is tolerable up to moderate breezes.Biggest gripe is the noise-canceling module `` line lump '' , which is rather heavy and has two cables coming out one end . Not convenient for belt-mounting by taller users , too heavy for the breast-pocket of shirts or jackets .
 I 'd never used noise-cancelling earphones before ordering this set and was very pleased with their performance on a flight from DC to California last month . They made a world of difference in comparison with the plain-vanilla earphones I 'd used in the past to listen -- mostly to books on CD or tape -- while I flew . My hearing is pretty acute , but I 've previously struggled to hear my portable audio player over the engine noise , always with the sound turned up as high as it would go.On this last trip , I watched a DVD of the original 1962 Manchurian Candidate movie on a battery-operated player , and the new earphones made a tremendous difference . The dialogue came through clearly , and the earphones with comfortable -- even fell asleep with them on later in the trip . Carrying case is sturdy but reasonably compact . I had no problem with the small , separate battery unit , although sitting on an airplane does n't give much insight about how it will function when out walking or running.I own a set of good-quality earbuds for my iPod , and although they 're feather-light , they tend to fall out when I move my head and the wires get tangled more often than I 'd expected . I expect to use the Sennheisers with the iPod too , except when I want the ultra-portability of my earbuds .
 I bought these headphones over a year ago for myself and just got this second set for my wife for Christmas . She has a set of Bose headsets , which are great and have excellent sound and noise canceling , but they are just too big and bulky when you consider all the other stuff she needs to carry for business travel . These Sennheiser PXC 300 headphones are very compact ... they collapse and fold up and in their case it is smaller than a typical paperback book . The sound quality and noise canceling is maybe a small notch below that of the big Bose , but the very tiny trade-off is worth it . I love these lightweight , comfortable and compact headsets .
 This is my second noise cancelling headset and I am overall pleased with its operation . This unit performs as advertised . My only complaint is size and location of the battery case . I would rather see it integrated with the headset . I would also like the cable connection be removable.Sound design but they could learn a bit of industrial design from Apple .
 Everything about this product is fantastic . Great fit , awesome sound , fine German workmanship , even a neat carrying case . Fair priced.I did n't really appreciate the noise canceling feature until I was on a aircraft . Incredible how well the noise canceling works.Only problem is my girlfriend likes them so much I ca n't get them back .
 Thought I enjoyed music before but found out that until you try Sennheiser PXC 300 noise cancelling headphones , you do not know , quality and richness-wise , what you have been missing . Perfect for flights . Thanks . d.
 Sennheiser PXC 300 Noise Cancelling HeadphonesEver been on a bus trip with non-stop talkers all around ? And You Are NOT one of them ? Rest easier.One Answer for under $ 150 is the PXC 300 . Amazed at the quality even though my combination tape player/radio is So Old ! So Glad I did not fall for the Big Advertiser -LRB- you know who -RRB- at Twice the Price . Fast Delivery as well .
 Even better than the 250 's I 've had for the past 2 years . Definitely a recommendation .
 This is my first pair of noise-cancelling headphones , and I am glad that I did my research here on Amazon first ! These beauties are light and can fold up into a little zip up case!The noise-cancelling is amazing . When you first put then on - without even turning them on - a ton of noise disappears . That is due to the excellent design of the ear pads/cups . Once you flick the switch and turn them on , it is like the world disappears - leaving you in a beautiful , peaceful place.These are brilliantly designed and I love them !
 I became interested in noise cancelling headphones because of a cross country airplane trip a few weeks ago . I tried listening to a DVD on my laptop with my Koss Portapros . Cranking the volume all the way up I was able to just make out the sound . I thought there was something wrong my headphones -LRB- or laptop -RRB- , but when I got home I realized the drone of the engines masked the sound completely . And I listened to two hours of a movie with the volume maxed out . That seemed like a receipe to go deaf.I purchased these particular headphones for two reasons
 This product is a great alternative to the Bose headphones for several reasons . A -RRB- It retails for much less than the Bose and B -RRB- It can be purchased online for far less money than the actual retail price . Bose apparently locks the retail price of its headphones in at $ 299 or more regardless of where you purchase them.These headphones diminish low frequency sounds completely . As a matter of fact , I live near the freeway and there is a constant hum of traffic that I like to pretend is a waterfall . It is not bothersome . I put the headphones on and instantly , the noise changed . After a moment or two I switched the headphones off and was AMAZED at how loud the returning low frequency noises are . I guess I did n't notice them until they were gone for a few moments.These headphones do not change mid and high frequency noises like the TV in the next room , or the sound of people talking on the balcony . They do get rid of the annoying dull thump that we sometimes hear from our upstairs neighbor as they turn their bass-ey television on too loud.My friend tried them on and was immediately annoyed by the pressure that the noise cancelling system placed on his ears , but I am completely unbothered by that . It just goes to show that everybody is a little different.Still , the headphones are cool , they eliminate noises in the bass range completely , and they are well priced.The downside is that they ca n't eliminate ALL noises . Then again , neither can the bose .
 I previously had some Bose QC2 headphones . They were nice , but not $ -LSB- ... -RSB- nice , so they got sent back to Bose . I just got these Sennheiser PXC-300 's and , for the price -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- they are incredible . They are lightweight , they cancel every bit as much noise as the Bose do , and the sound quality is excellent thoughout the entire range . The two AAA batteries -LRB- for the noise cancelling circuitry -RRB- go inside a seperate pod which can be kept in a pocket or on your belt . Thus , you do n't have the weight of 2 batteries resting on your head - as you do with all the other noise cancelling headphones available . I have a forced air furnace in my home and never realized how much noise it makes until I put these headphones on and turned the noise cancelling on ! Wow , what a difference ! So , whether you want to listen to some good music at home , watch a dynamic DVD in the car -LRB- while someone else is driving -RRB- or listen to music on the plane , these headphones are supurb . Last , but not least , they fold up very small and come in a very compact , yet sturdy carrying case -LRB- just a little bit larger than a glasses case ! -RRB- . You certainly ca n't go wrong with these , or any Sennheiser products .
 This headphone like all other noise cancellation headphones playback the outside sound in opposite phase to cancel it . This works only for large wavelengths which means low frequencies . NC headphones can NOT eliminate high frequency noise -LRB- conversations , etc. -RRB- . It does a fantastic job on city hum , bus , and plane.I compared it with Quite Comfort 2 , and the former one was better in eliminating office noise , because it completely cover your ears . But it means its bigger and bulkier too . PXC 300 is much more comfortable in my opinion.Also , when you turn on the NC , it automatically equalize the frequency response of the headphone which means you get a much richer and balanced sound including the bass.Overall , I like it very much . Its also addictive ! you can not listen with your normal headphones after experiencing this .
 After doing a lot of research on the net -LRB- most reviews I found on Amazon -RRB- I decided to buy the PXC 300 . I wanted something as confortable as possible while providing a good sound . I am very happy with the purchase . Paid $ 133 total , including S&H ; , on Amazon , from `` Elecdeal '' , brand new.About the product
 These headphones have very good transparent sound quality . They 're also quite comfortable . I can wear them for several hours without problems . When the noise cancellation is switched on , the bass becomes slightly heavier , and there 's a small amount of hiss . However , the hiss is much less noticable than other noise cancelling phones I have used , and there 's none of the `` phasey '' effects that are present in other nc phones.What finally inspired me to write a review was the level of customer service . I caught the cord on a doorknob , and ripped it out of the battery pack . I left a message on Sennheiser 's voicemail system , asking how much repair would cost . Within 20 minutes I had an email reply telling me repairs would be covered under the 2-year warranty . Now that 's great service !
 First of all , when one hear `` noise cancelling '' , the first thing that comes to mind is that you 'll be into a bubble and wo n't be able to hear anything at all from the outside world . That 's not totally true.What these headphones do indeed , is to cut down the noises to a level where you can actually enjoy your music.I use them with my ipod and in very noisy enviroments and I must say I 'm completely satisfied with them . It 's not like you 're not gon na hear anything of the surrounding sounds , but you can hear your music at a much lower level than you 'd usually do using a regular pair of headphones . Indeed , if you turn up the volume to a certain level , which is not necessarily high , you would n't be able to hear yourself speaking.I 've used them in the street , in buses with the radio on , etc. . They do a commendable job keeping the noise out . I even tried them when cycling just to check how they 'd do.They 're not as effective with higher-pitched noises but then again , it 's not something that wo n't let you enjoy your music.The sound is just great . As I said I use them with my ipod and I have no complaint at all . The bass is very strong -LRB- you have to keep in mind that not all songs deliver the same level of bass -RRB- and the treble 's excellent.They work with or without the batteries ; when turned off they sound just regular to me
 I 've had mine for almost a year now , still ca n't believe how great they sound . There are days when I will just sit and soak in the music through these things with a big goofy grin on my face ... The non-noise-cancelling Sennheisers are slightly better but I bought these because I spend a lot of time on the elevated train here in Chicago and it gets pretty noisy sometimes . Sure beats the heck out of the Bose phones which cost an extra hundred bucks !
 The quality of these Sennheiser noise cancelling headphones is truly excellent . They perform very well in a variety of different aircraft and seating locations . I like the semi-rigid carrying case . The only improvement I would make is to integrate the battery into the headphones . Now , the battery and on-off switch is located in a cylindrical housing midway between the plug and headphones . I found that the housing seemed to always get in the way and I would clip it to my shirt pocket or put it in my lap . Aside from this design flaw , I am very pleased with my new headphones .
 Do n't bother spending an extra $ 100 plus on a pair of BOSE quiet comforts 2s . This is my first pair of noise cancelling headphones and I may never go back to regular headphones again.I 've been through over half a dozen pairs of headphones ranging from sony earbuds , iPod buds , sennheiser cans , and Grado SR125s . These are much lighter and more comfortable than the quiet comforts and I was able to purchase them for $ 140 . Sennheiser 's lifetime guarantee is pretty hard to beat.The noise cancelling circuitry comes with a clip and takes 2AAA batteries to power . The dB output is good on my iPod , but for some reason is fairly low on my iRiver clix . They are perfect for my commute on the bart -LRB- train -RRB- in the bay area , and I use them at least 7 hours a day at work without any discomfort . While they do not block out all noise/sound , they guard against the most annoying low frequency sounds and hums most of us would consider noise.The headphones are n't very bass heavy but produce accurate highs and mids . It 's nice not having to pump up the volume to hear all the nuances of a song . The sound also makes most other headphones seem very flat or soft.If you do n't mind shelling out $ 150 for a good pair of headphones , I would highly recommend the Sennheiser PXC 300 .
 Tried these for three months of travel cross country in a 1995 diesel truck and three trans-Atlantic flights . Quite simply did the job of 80 % canceling of ambient noise and 90 % of the time delivered great sound from cd player and airplane plug in . For the price they are only outdone by Bose units at twice the cost . One negative ; be ready to call 911 for and `` untangle `` call due to the `` snakey `` cords and battery pack .
 I liked the reviews for the Sennheiser PXC 300 . It performs as discribed . I used it on a long flight of three hours and found some pressure on the ears , but not too uncomfortable . The extra module hanging down or clipped to my shirt did not bother me . The sound is great . There is no volume control with the earphones , so to control the volume one must use the player 's volume control . The earphones will work with or without the noise cancelling turned on and the volume increases when the switch is turned on . I could still talk and hear normal talking , but it did cancel the annoying roar . The cord is long enough to use for the device to be off the the side , but an extension is needed to listen to the TV so that others are not disturbed . Overall I am pleased with the purchase .
 Got a great price -LRB- $ 139.99 -RRB- for these headphones and feel it was well worth the price . The noise cancelling feature works as well as advertised and all musical tones -LRB- high & low -RRB- are very clear when used with my IPod . The very low hiss associated with active noise canceling features is bearly noticable . The compact design is ideal for airline use and stowing in your computer case . The wire connection to the battery compartment can be a bit annoying , but I still believe this is the best buy for the money .
 We purchased and used this product on our recent long distance flight -LRB- 16 hours each way -RRB- and I 'm dreading the thought of flying again without it.Expecting the issue of noise , constant engine hum and general uneasiness that accompanies long distance flights , I 've done some research and sample a few products before settling for this one - and boy - was that the right decision!It 's comfortable for hours on end , perfect sound for either an MP3 or the in-flight music or movie seat plug , the sound cancellation works like magic and to my surprise we arrived to our destination relaxed and smiling!NEVER LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT !!!
 I did a research before buying a PXC300 . It 's my first NR headphone so I could n't compare it to others . I took it on my trips to Malaysia and to Hawaii and so far I 'm very happy with its performance . I highly recommend it to any traveler who takes a flight longer than 3 hours . It 's worth your money . For me , I could n't have a good sleep on a flight because the noise and the dry cabin air . With this headphone , it reduces the engine noise up to 70 % . It 's not as expensive as the Bose but if I can afford , I will try the Bose . The Bose covers your ear so it has passive noise reduction also . The battery life of PXC300 is very good . After my 2 trips , I have n't replace the battery since I bought it yet . There are only 2 things that I do n't like on this headphone .1 -RRB- The battery holder is seperated . You have more wires running around you when you use it .2 -RRB- It does n't have volume limiter . When you use it with airplane audio , the PA voice can blow your ears off and may damage your headphone . Be Carefull !
 I wear these when I travel by plane or car -LRB- when I 'm not at the wheel -RRB- . In either case , the noise reduction is more than adequate and the sound quality is excellent . I also wear them when mowing the lawn and get good results -- my ears do n't ring after I mow the lawn anymore . Frequently , I 'll just let the headphones cancel the outside noise without any music at all , with very good results.One day , while watching the kids play video games and trying to read , I tried the headphones out on video game noise . I was very impressed -- the explosions were markedly attenuated . Note that these are not adequate for actual shooting/explosions -- you 'll need other hearing protection for the real thing.I 've been very happy with the headphones . Should I ever need to replace them , I 'll buy another pair .
 Although I have never owned another set of noise-cancelling headphones before , these seem to work really well . However , without playing any music or sound while using them , they do n't seem to cancel out all droning noises , once you are plugged into some type of sound -LRB- CD , computer clip , etc. -RRB- , they literally shut out the rest of the room 's noises . These were purchased because they were rated comparable to the Bose 3 's in a magazine we read but were much less expensive . For the money , they are an overall great buy .
 I used to travel a lot for work . I had some earbuds for my MP3 player , and after a couple of hours , they really started to dig into my ears , plus I had to crank the sound on the MP3 in order to hear the music over the airplane.Since I was n't about to pay for Bose , I got a pair of these , and I love them . I took them on an intercontinental flight , and actually managed to get a lot more -LRB- and better -RRB- sleep than I usually do on those long flights because the droning of the engines was dampened . Mine came with an airplane adapter , too , so I could hear the movie through a quality sound system . They fold up very nicely and fit easily into my carryon luggage , and the batteries in the belt clip -LRB- the housing that provides the noise dampening -RRB- have lasted a really long time.I would highly recommend these for any business or casual traveler who wants to be able to hear their music and get some rest .
 Excellent quality for the price . Perfect for the long airplane rides which i have to take frequently .
 I got the Sennheiser PXC300 and the Skullcandy SC-NC Proletariat . I like the no-cables and around the ear of the scull candy , but the Sennheiser PXC 300 has less hiss and a bit more cancellation . Both have very little inherent noise reduction , so these only work when they are turned on and only reduce low frequency machinery type noises . They wo n't do anything to reduce voices for instance . I would prefer something with high inherent noise reduction and additional low frequency noise reduction when turned on . I have not found that yet ...
 For me , it came down to this headphone and the Bose . Amazon price is less than half that of Bose , and its much more compact . I do n't find the external battery pack annoying . Besides the cost differential , the sound difference is significant - Bose has a warm sound , but as others have said , Bose bass and treble are truncated . The nuances and fullness on the recordings I have listened to with the PXC 300s on my iPod are so surprising that its like I am listening to them for the first time . Highly recommended .
 I purchased these headphones in early January after reading many reviews of competitors such as Bose and I am very , very happy with them.I used my headphones on a flight from Seattle to Cape Town - that 's more than 20 hours to get there and almost 30 to get back home . I listened to movies , listened to my iPod , had conversations with my seatmates , and slept wearing them . They did a great job of cancelling out the drone of the jet engines , and the slight amplification made my iPod sound much better than the $ 50 Sony earbuds I also brought along for comparison . I swapped for a while with my seatmate 's Bose QuietComfort 2 headphones ; he liked my headphones and I liked his . They are just `` different '' - the larger cup style of the Bose is better for some , the smaller `` walkman '' style of the PXC is better for others . We detected no significant difference performance-wise . The multiple cords are a little cumbersome but I found ways to deal with it - I just dropped the whole electronics package and extra cords into the inner pocket of my jacket , and that was that . I could see that the single cord of the Bose would be easier , though.I also wear these on my bike trainer and treadmill so I can watch movies and TV while exercising . The cord is a little short , but a quick extender from Radio Shack and have no problems . I clip the electronics package onto the water bottle cage or the brake cable to keep it out of the way . The noise cancellation does a great job of cutting out the gear train noise of my road bike as well as silencing the drive motor of the treadmill . The headphones are light enough I can run with them without slipping around . Sometimes I wear a running hat under them to keep sweat out of my face , and the headphones do n't interfere with that.Battery life has been great . Just the other day I put in the second set . I lost track of how many hours they lasted , but it was upwards of 80 hours.These headphones are all around a great purchase , and I 'm very happy with them.BTW , I have also owned a Doug Clark noise cancelling aviation headset that cost $ 450 or so . On the `` piano test '' -LRB- toggle noise cancellation on/off while hitting the low notes on a piano -RRB- the DCs did much better than the PXC 300s . And that 's what I 'd expect , because the DCs are designed to reduce the noise of a Cessna engine three feet in front of you , and they 're heavy as can be with a separate electronics package and 4 hour battery life.Like others have said , if you have reasonable expectations for consumer grade noise cancelling headphones , you will not be disappointed with these .
 Very high performance noise canceling headphones without the bulk . Fairly comfortable to wear even while sleeping .
 Highest quality of depth and clarity I have experienced with outstanding noise suppression . Heartily reccommended !
 The only bad thing I have to say about this product is that it is a hassle to put them back in the case when Im done with them . However , it is worth it to keep them in the best condition possible . Be careful when putting them away . I noticed that the first few times I was putting pressure on the cords and actually almost cut through one.The other thing is that the noice cancelling mechanism is way bigger then you think . In fact its huge . I am lucky becuase I have a messenger bag and i clip it on the strap with my ipod every morning .
 As usual , Sennheiser has delivered a great product . Please do n't waste your money on the Bose noise-cancelling headphones , which cost around twice as much and are certainly of no higher quality . These headphones work wonderfully outside , in a crowded room , or on the plane . Even with the noise-cancelling turned off , they are decent -LRB- I do n't think it is even possible to use the Bose headphones without noise-cancelling -RRB- . I ca n't decide whether or not I like the noise-cancelling unit separate from the headset or not , but it has n't gotten in my way too much . The included carrying case is a nice feature , even if the cables get tangled every time I take it out .
 If worn for hours , they can become uncomfortable . Other than that I very much like this product . They sound very good and the noise canceling works well .
 Sound quality very good . Noise canceling feature works quite well considering the size of the headphones . Major drawback is the separate power pack needed to power the noise canceling .
 GREAT IF YOU NEED NOISE CANCELLING FEATURE , VERY BEAUTIFUL SOUND . LACKS A STRONG BASE SOUND IF COMPAIRED TO MY SONY MDR-V700 FULL SIZED HEADPHONES .
 I have Sennheiser 200 without the noise cancelling feature and have been quite pleased with their compact design , sound quality and overall performance.Neither my wife or I have been comfortable using the in ear variety for extended periods such as on long distance flights , but desired better noise cancelling . We wanted an on the ear or over the ear headphones with noise cancelling capability for use when we travel . There is little question that the Bose does a better job of noise cancelling / blocking , but have been turned off by their cost and bulkiness.The PXC300 is comfortable to wear for extended periods , blocks most airplane engine noise -LRB- does not block ALL noise -RRB- , and offers sound quality comparable to our older 200 series . The tube holding the batteries can be annoying until you find a way to stabilize it out of the way using the clip or putting it in a pocket . It definitely is a more compact package than the Bose but does take some practice to fold it back into the case . It does not feel that rugged and should be used with some care , but at less than $ 130 it is adequate and I could replace it and still be below the cost of the Bose .
 The PXC 300 headphones from Sennheiser are part of the Travel Line of products offered by Sennheiser . As such , they employ a number features ideally suited for the road warriors among us . The PXC 300s include
 I got my pair of PXC300s in the mail today . These headphones do what they claim
 If you already have an older ` wired ' router , this is definitely the way to go . Just plug it in to an available plug on your existing router . Forget about the noisy 2.4 ghz 11b and/or 11g , and go with this second generation 11a/b unit with the atheros chip . Not only does it provide turbo 108 MB 5 ghz 11a , it also provides 11b , so if you have any friends that need to connect they can with the popular 11b standard. , compared to my SMC ` wired ' router and my USR Turbo G wireless routers this is a quality solid corporate grade unit . The manuals are excellent , I had no problems installing it , within minutes it was running , plus 3 year warranty.I also ordered an SMC2335W cardbus adapter with the WAP , which is an 11a/b adpater that supports 108 MBps turbo 11a . I was hesitant since this card was not on the recommended list that tiger provided for use with the WAB102 . After doing some research I found out that this adapter used the same chipset as the WAB102 so I figured it would work well , and it did ... for only $ 20 ! . . plus great SMC limited lifetime warranty . ** PLEASE NOTE
 For all those interested in Wi-Fi or 802.11 b , but have concerns about its performance and stability , this is your ideal solution . The SECOND generation 802.11 A/B chip from Atheros is a world of difference from the first generation chips . The new versions is more stable , achieves real connections at the advertised 108 MB when paired with the WAB501 card . The range is between 75 and 100 feet indoors on A band but B band is a little worse . This may change with new software updates from NetGear . Buy it before June 30 , 2003 and get a -LSB- monetary -RSB- rebate on both products .
 November 29 , 2007The good news is that the AKAI line of sleek LCD Televisions that are really moving in stores around the country offer an excellent price value without compromising picture quality and state of the art features . When I brought my set home and installed it in order to function with my Verizon Fios service , I soon found out that the Akai Company does not offer universal remote codes for the current line for some reason that as a consumer I am not privy to . This may mean that some abilities are limited such as the use of your dvr launched along with all other components by having one universal remote which in our case would be the Verizon . Conceivably , there may come a time where we can only work with the remote issued by our provider , but as of this date I am not at that point.There is no way now besides possibly purchasing an infrared code puller -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- to control the Akai with a universal remote . For many obvious reasons including misplacement , nobody wants to get involved with two remotes . I am still recommending AKAI in hopes that one of the corporate players will correct this issue.Jay Adler , Music Critic
 From the time the set arrived -LRB- on time and in fine condition -RRB- it was easy to set-up and use . I am delighted with the built in ATSC tuner and elegant simple design of the trim set itself . Like many shoppers I have been carefully comparing my purchase to other advertised TV 's and such for 3 weeks since . It 's still the best deal I can find anywhere !
 I picked up this switch at about the same cost as an older 3560 . The switch had a fairly recent IOS and I was able to plug it in and start using it right away . There were no configurations on the switch so I did not have to erase it or crack a password . The switch I recieved had minimal if any cosmetic damage . I would order from them again .
 I always try to buy name brand for my printer . This worked well for me and would recommend to anyone else . Great price also .
 The first time I purchased these was in 2005 . Newegg stopped selling these so now I will buy them here . Do n't believe the poor reviews . The quality is good , they last as long as any other pair of headphones.They stay on well when running -LRB- trails mostly , 6-8 mi 6:30 pace -RRB- . I have even used them at work back when I was a MIG Welder -- they they fit perfectly behind my welding helmet , and were loud enough to hear over the weld static WHILE wearing OSHA ear-plugs ! They also clean up much better than most headphones , I would literally wash them off every day with lava soap and they held-up just fine.In other words the quality is great.When I first purchased them , I was curious about how these would feel , but they feel much better than normal over-the-head headphones.Their ear-pads are especialy nice , as they are super soft with a velvety soft texture.Sleek design , extremely comfortable fit , WATERPROOF !! , LOUD and CLEAR sound , extra microfoam pads and earhuggers.Way to go Logitech !
 My new Toshiba Satellite A205-S4607 15.4 '' Notebook PC with onyx blue metallic LCD cover is the envy of my tech support consultant and my business coach and an almost decadent earthly delight for me . The screen is brilliantly clear and fantastic for HDTV viewing , and the built-in webcam and mike were pleasant surprises to behold as I did not read about them in the fine print!To accompany my Satellite A205-S4607 , I got the Kensington Ci65m Wireless Notebook Optical Mouse K72267US and the American Chiropractic Assiociation 's recommended Kensington Contour Cargo Notebook Case K62907US . These essentials paired with my Satellite A205-S4607 are my ticket to a stylishly-accented blend of multitasking productivity , multimedia prowess and efficiently powered portability.Werk !
 This Notebook from Toshiba performs well , and very quiet.My only fault so far is the screen , do not like the limited viewing angle and highly reflective surface of the LCD display , forget about photo editing on this screen , also not very sharp despite the resolution.Windows Vista is fine , but seems like XP with frills and nothing more.The Key Pad is Lovely and easy to use .
 I was very impressed with the speed of shipment from the vendor it arrived on the second day after the order was placed . The computer is fantastic ; no problems . Great processor speed , plenty of memory , no glitches with digital photos , music , etc. . Recommend MS Office Enterprise to take advantage of this great notebook 's processing speed and vista features . Vista is a little less intuitive than XP but once I got a feel for it , it does offer more options to customize for your use .
 I bought this note book this is very good and very fast in processing speed . very fast in buring DVD/CD reading CD/DVD , no hanging problem.overall very good PC .
 It 's my first laptop , and I could n't be more delighted with its performance , features , and general ease of us . I really appreciate the recessed touch pad , and the attempt to not stroke it accidentally ; however , I think the best place for a touchpad would be left or right of center.A few quibbles . If these had been different , I would give the computer a straight 5 stars . 1 -RRB- It needs a better soundcard , with Dolby 5.1 capability , a full equalizer , and a digital optical cable output . There is a slightly muffled quality to all audio , as though the tone needs to be turned up just a smidge . 2 -RRB- It needs a much bigger hard drive capacity . 120gb ? Not these days , especially if this is computer # 1 . 3 -RRB- It needs an HDMI connection rather than USB , and the corresponding software . This would allow for the full use of its HD capacities . I 'd love to use this as an HD-DVR . I tried to connect it via firewire 1394 cable with no luck , and figured out the connection is actually for video cameras and TV tuners . The DVI output is not helpful for most HD televisions , as most are now made with HDMI inputs . Ahh well . What do you want for less than $ 1000 ? Otherwise , what a fabulous computer ! And you ca n't beat the price , if you look around . I really lucked out !
 I bought this system with 4 indoor/outdoor cameras about 2 years ago to protect our expensive toys . In the early morning hours of 1/2/2010 , we picked up a prowler trying to beak into our car and our home . Later did we learn that many of our nighbors had their cars broken into with items stolen . Our cameras picked up the prowler and we were able to give a positive ID as well as a copy of recording to the police . Without this system , our entire neighorhood would have had no idea who had done it.Pros
 The Compact Flash Card Expansion Pack adds the feature that seems to be the most wanted by iPaq users . Without a doubt , the ability to use Combat Flash cards is very useful , and coupled with the iPaq 's stellar mic out , makes the iPaq an excellent MP3 player . If you into eBooks , Compact Flash cards will be indispensable to you as well.One word of warning , however , the addition of this expansion pack , like the PC Card Expansion Pack , makes the iPaq , as an unit , very large . Whether this will bother you is of personal preference . I felt that the adding size was well worth the added ability.I do n't use Compact Flash all the time -LRB- only when I want music -RRB- , so making this an option instead of a standard , makes sense to me . Without the expansion , the iPaq is small and extremely comfortable to use .
 ... but that goes to show how great this expansion pack is ! I just got mine , and I tell you it really is a dream . The added dimensions and weight really are a small price to pay for the added convenience of using CF cards . In fact , I like how it fits in my hand better now with the expansion card - it 's firmer , and does n't give the feeling that it may slip out of my hand . The Fun Pack -LRB- available free from Microsoft upon purchase of the iPaq -RRB- card slipped right in and works great . I just ordered extra RAM cards for MP3s and other storage , and just ordered the a modem . This CF Expansion Pack truly makes the iPaq a Pocket * PC * with all you 'd expect -LRB- more , even ! -RRB- . This is an accessory you ca n't refuse !
 I was a bit skeptical in buying this , as many people complainedthat it would add bulk and reduce battery life , but for -LSB- the cost -RSB- , Ithought it would be worth it . It was.Anyone that says it makes theiPaq a lot bulkier is either weak or full of it . The picture does notdo it justice -- it is no different from the ` shell-case ' that comeswith your iPaq , save for an extra 1/8 '' thickness at the top forthe CF card . For those of you without a CF case that do n't use yourempty shell , I 'd recommend it as extra protection for your iPaq.Bottom line
 The CompactFlash Expansion Pack -LRB- CF EP -RRB- is considerably thicker than I 've anticipated . The iPAQ is 5/8 '' thick . The combined package measures 1 1/16 '' . That 's 70 % increase in thickness.Even so , CF EP is practically free after $ ... manufacturer 's rebate -LRB- just shipping and/or taxes -RRB- . Compaq should 've saved us the trouble by bundling it with iPAQ.That said , CF EP is immensely useful . I 've since unloaded eBooks and WMA files to a 64MB CF Type I card . Add Ethernet and soon-to-be released cards like GPS navigation system , the possibilities are endless .
 My iPAQ is still so new that it 's barely out of the box but this expansion pack has been of tremendous use to me already ! I bought it before my iPAQ came into the store.I find that I ca n't live without this product when I use it to connect to my network with the compact flash network card . I travel constantly for work and with this product and the network card ... it 's a breeze to keep up with information on my corporate network or internet.I also find it useful with the CF cards for holding my ebooks that I read on the plane or delayed in the airport.Catch that rebate while you can !
 There are already a few reviews about this product . Yes , it makes the iPaq thicker . Yes , it is great for expanded storage capacity and connectivity . Yes , it is practically free if you get it in time for the rebate . So what are you waiting for?I personally do n't use it that much . But when the Compact Flash Bluetooth cards come out , this will be a necessary attachment for the iPaq to keep it constantly connected with the home/office ethernet network on a wireless connection . Until then , wireles connectivity will require the PC Card adapter which is even thicker .
 I have used several different brands of Compact Flash memory cards on this device without any problems . This jacket does not make your iPaq any significantly bigger than an iPaq with the Style Pack attached . In fact , I find my iPaq with attached CF Expansion Pack more comfortable to hold than a bare iPaq .
 I got my expansion pack from Amazon about a week ago . It works as expected . It adds about 1/4 '' to the overall thickness of the unit when compared to the ipaq with the standard protection sleeve.With the CF expansion pack installed I could no longer use the supplied slip cover case . Luckily I had already ordered the rhino-skin 2000 case . This is a small sacrifice for the benefit of the CF pack . The rhino-skin , or something similar , is a must-have anyway.In my opinion , this is a great concept and works well . No complaints here !
 I recommend buying this and an IBM microdrive to really get the most out of your iPaq . You can then listen to hours of music or even watch movies!Almost every plugin for the iPaq uses the CF2 standard , so unless you just want a simple PDA , buy this . Of course you do n't , otherwise you would have bought a Palm , right ?
 Does anyone know what difference the CF adaptor , and addon memory card make to the battery life of the unit.Just got two IPAQ 's one for the wife , and one for me , we need to get more CF storage , but can not find any details on battery life ramifications .
 The compact flash card expansion pack is a required accessory for the Compaq iPaq 3630 . It first and foremost allows you to increase the storage capacity from the standard 32MB to up to 256MB with the addition of a Viking Compact Flash card -LRB- Viking part number CF256M -RRB- . Furthermore , it allows you to add a compact flash modem so you can surf the web , retreive email , etc. when you are on the road .
 I think it 's the best -LRB- affordable -RRB- add-on for iPAQ . Thanks to the earlier reviewers who mentioned about the Free after Mail-in-rebate on it from Compaq . I would have missed on this one if not for you all.The only reason why I did n't give a 5 star rating is because it is not something I would like to have it plugged always . It 's wonderful if you like to carry some nice MP3s , and family pictures on the CF cards . The good news is you can charge and sync you iPAQ with it attached.Grab one if you already have n't before the mail-in-rebate offer ends .
 A great accessory for your Compaq Ipaq . It adds a 1/4 inch to the thickness , but it 's not that bad . I actually think that it makes it more form fitting to my hand . I use it to store mp3s , applications , and to connect to the internet via the compact flash network card . We 'll worth it !
 If the iPaq has lowcomings , its the fact that it does not include an onboard compact flash slot . This expanison pack solves this problem without adding much bulk to your pocketpc . I use this expansion pack with a 96 meg CF card , a 16 meg CF card , and a 56k CF modem and it works wonders . When i take the ipaq to summer school , for example , I leave the expansion pack home to trim -LRB- some -RRB- bulk . When I go on trips or I need extra storage -LRB- CF cards are handy for ebooks and mp3s -RRB- , i bring the expansion pack , and my 3 CF cards . VERY VERSATILE ! Very highly recommended if you own an ipaq !
 Even though the IPAQ comes with 32MB of memory -LRB- 25mb of which are free when you buy it -RRB- , it 's still not enough.A CF Card jack comes standard on most handhelds . But we have to purchase them . Thankfully , you can use that rebate you should have so this thing is virtually free . -LRB- Just do n't get one on the auctions . -RRB- Extra-storage , memory , internet capability , It 's really a toy without this.Now , if only I could get online ...
 I am a long time US Robotics Pilot 1000 to Palm V user who has been thrilled with the battery life and utter simplicity of the palm series . This device does n't even come close on the basic aspect of calendar entry or viewing . The day/week/month chooser on the palm is always on the calender screen . With iPaq it is always at least two clicks away . Neither one will allow greater that 1/2 hr apptments that are clearly distinguished . The screen however , just absolutely leave Palm in the dust ... . If Palm Vc was out with the screen on the iPaq I would have bought it a year ago ... However , it will virtually always eliminate one of Palms other big attractions and that is either the loooong life of very simple and inexpensive batteries .
 Does anyone know if the rebate is still available ?
 Although i thought it was gon na be a fliptop style pack to protect screen , it still works perfectly . Now to get the dust from under my screen ...
 This Thing Rulez ... I alwayz had this fear that my ipaq would accedently scrape and crack the screen ... Not not to fear!Now i just have to get this dust from under my screen
 A second iPAQ cradle is great for syncing up at work -- that is -- if you have a Windows 98 system . Unfortunately , many people have Windows NT at work , which only supports serial , not USB . There is hope however , as Windows2000 provides native support for USB ports.The iPAQ hot sync cradle one-ups the Palm world by not even needing to press the button on the cradle to start the process . You just plop it in the cradle and off it goes.One advantage to USB is that it is about 6 times faster than serial . The fastest serial is 115,000 kpbs , but USB is 690,000 bps .
 Having an extra cradle/charger is very useful if your like me and would like to sync up at both home and work . The cradle itself is excellent . Although the Jornada 545 also has a USB connection , it is not nearly as fast as the iPaq 's -LRB- makes me question whether the HP 's connection is - really - USB -RRB- .
 The bateries are great . Do n't get your hopes up too much over the free tripod though , it 's actually plastic even though it looks like metal .
 Ever been stuck in rush hour ? Travel for a living in your car ? Maximize your time and re-charge your iPAQ in your car!I found this gadget to be perfect for those rush hour jams -LRB- or when traffic comes to a full stop ! -RRB- to play games , do email , review documents , etc.Granted you should n't be using your iPAQ and driving ... . but if you want to spend your time in the car re-charging your device or if you travel for a living , this one is a must have.There are times when I forget to connect my iPAQ at work . All day long it 's being used and not charging . I just plug it in on the way home and presto ... it 's charged ! I do the same for my morning commute.Just leave this gadget in your glove box and it 's ready to go the next day !
 Ever been in the car on the way to work or home , and your batteries only have enought power to shutdown ; and you just need to get one last e-mail through to the office on your power hungry modem . Well the auto adapter . Puts your fears at rest . Even if you did n't get a chance to re-charge your i-paq the night before , you are now able to do it during the drive to work .
 While it is a bummer that Compaq does not have any serial cradles available yet for NT4 .0 users who do n't have USB support , I bought a serial cable and it works just fine . I had no trouble getting it to synchronize with my workstation running Windows NT , although it 's slower than USB , I guess . You can get the cable right here from Amazon .
 I have iPAQ and Windows NT 4 at work and the workaround is to email to my home Windows 98 machine -LRB- that supports the iPAQ USB connection -RRB- items I wish to download - It works fantastic until I get my hands on a serial connection . I downloaded all my contact information directly via infrared from old Casio Windows CE device - if you have Palm -LRB- or PocketPC -RRB- get PEACEMAKER software to communication with CE -LRB- or Palm -RRB- devices .
 I used this product for 13 days and returned it to Staples before their usual 14 day return policy expired . This is a great product , however , since I have a Windows NT machine , it is useless . -LRB- Windows NT ca n't use USB and I could not find a serial cradle anywhere . -RRB- I also was n't thrilled with the size of the IPAQ . It is twice as thick as the Palm V. Way too big to put comfortably in my jeans pocket . Furthermore , it needs a cover to protect the screen . The Palm V leather case is the best example of how Compaq should design their unit/case .
 This is an excellent modem . I 've never had a problem with it . However , it is almost identical to the CF modem by Pretec . I bought both and compared them . In fact , it is made for Compaq by Pretec . My advice to Steve , buy the Pretec modem and save some cash .
 This is a very reliable modem . It is compact enough to fit anywhere and is in a not so annoying spot to have a phone wire in . It 's great for presents . It 's great for travel ... even though it is only 56K .
 Can you tell me if it works with , or protecs your modem from , digital phone lines ??? Does it have any surge protection ? How is it better than the Xirtec CF modem ? Please respond I am soon going to need to get a modem for my P/PC and want to get the best one and I have a IPAQ and do n't know if I am better off sticking with COMPAQ products for compatability/warranty issues . thank you !
 The sound quality is fantastic and really brings my home surround system to another level . Highly recommend this product to every one ...
 I bought this cable in order to connect my iPaq to my Motorola Timeport PT8167 -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . There was a lot of misinformation out there stating that in order to use the iPaq with a cell phone , that you had to purchase some sort of CF adapter -LRB- I think it 's made by Socket -RRB- . That 's all good , but the CF adapter costs $ 120 or so , you have to have the CF sleeve , and if you do , you ca n't have anything else in the CF sleeve = -LRB- So I bought this and connected the serial cable to the iPaq , attached the supplied null modem adapter -LRB- included with my phone -RRB- , attached the phone cable to the phone , set up connnection in the iPaq , and it dialed and worked . I was literally surfing the net on my iPaq within 10 minutes . The best thing about this is that my CF sleeve can hold my CF card or I can use the phone with a sleeve at all ! My next project is to splice together the two cables to avoid the 15 feet of cable and cumbersome null modem adapter . I want a cable that is about 8 inches long that connects directly from phone to PDA .
 This is a must have product for people who are constantly on the move and needs to get their IPAQ PDA synchronized anytime anywhere on any available PC with sync software . The connection is a little bit slower than the USB but it 's tolerable , a 3 min sync on USB will take about 10-15 mins with the serial . But overall , I give this product a high remark !
 I purchesed the serial cable to apply to Windows NT network -LRB- USB does not work -RRB- . Cable provides reliable connection - never had a failure . Very convenient and easy to use .
 In all my restaurants ' kitchens , I need to have a copy of the ticket for the salad prep person , and another one for the line cook . This printer allows me to use two-ply paper that prints both copies in one go . I have used this specific model in 4 of my restaurants for the last 8 years , and I have been extremely satisfied with it . The paper is available very cheaply at Sam 's Club and comes with a replacement ink cartridge in each box . If there had not been power surges that had fried absolutely everything that was plugged in , or the occasional bottle of cooking oil or balsamic vinegar that fell on them , I would still be using the original printers , as they are extremely robust and well built .
 The powerful added features of scrambled audio when communicating to other KX-TR325S units and the vibrating ringer make this model resemble a limited-distance cellphone . Now , it is possible to carry a FRS discreetly .
 The voice of this machine is extremely clear compared to others . Besides that , its palm-size design really acts like a handphone along with its private talk available for users to communicate without hearing by third party . The keylock button really helpful especially when I try to put in my rear pocket . All in all , go for it and you 'll never regret .
 After conducting a thorough evaluation of most two-way radios from Internet reviews , I purchased two Panasonic KXTR325S Radios . I will say that I am very pleased with the performance of this product . They look great and have a good quality feel about them , plus there are a number of exceptional features about this model that make them a good buy . I especially like the voice scramble and the private talk capability when used in crowed areas . I did find that the buttons are small which might be a problem when wearing heavy ski gloves , but otherwise there was no problem using them with bare hands . My wife and I have used them while hiking in the Rocky Mountains and experienced good range and sound quality . Range was especially good for almost two miles as long as both units were within the same canyon , however this was severely reduced between canyons.I identified one major problem with the belt clip , which should not be trusted . On one hike , my wife sat down to rest and the radio came off her belt ; we did n't discover this until much later so by the time we returned to the site it was gone . I did reorder a replacement Panasonic radio and but will not use the belt clip provided with the units . We both now use a small pouch to secure the radios to our belts so this problem will not happen again . I highly recommend these radios to anyone who is interested in purchasing such units . Even without the rebate , these radios are well worth the price .
 Been doing some test on how good this FRS is . Line of site , my house -LRB- wife -RRB- to my car was 5 + miles with clear signal . We ordered the head sets and use them on our ATVs . Seem ok , but if lots of back-ground noise then they pickup that noise and cancel out . I have one case and the other on backorder . Wife loves the case also . Battery life ? , gone thru one set on each unit so far . We have one car cord which will help . Brother-in-law has last years another model and has order a set of these as they work so much better . He did n't have the extra features and likes these .
 I read the reviews on most of the low priced frs radios and selected Panasonic . I ordered 2 of the TR320 's , and 1 of the TR325 . Difference is the 325 has vibe ringer -LRB- havent used yet -RRB- and scramble mode -LRB- havent used that either -RRB- . I think you probably need two of the 325 's to use scramble mode . In any event , it seems the 320 's are exactly the same except for these 2 features.I used these 3 radios while skiiing in Beaver Creek . It is a dense ski village , so the range was n't terrific with all those tall buildings and narrow pedestrian ways . Still , I think they did fine . Especially on the mountain . Sound quality is great . My little one had trouble keeping the button down during his talk time though , so he would be choppy . Some training helped that , but a biggger button would be nice.Only problem I had was they have an auto shut off mode default set for 2 hours , and we didnt know this before hand . It is programable for 1,2 and 3 hours . Maybe it can be set not to go off ? Havent looked that up yet.I purchased a set of NiMhd batteries for these , and the charge level indicator acts strangely due to the lower voltage -LRB- 1.3 v vs 1.5 for akaline -RRB- . Still , it is the only way to go , as you will use a lot of batteries if you use them much - even if you dont talk , but just monitor.I dont trust the belt clip on the mountain -LRB- in snow ! -RRB- - but the battery compartment latch is top notch ! keeps it closed till you open it . Many other radios and battery devices have problems here , especially if you drop them.Would prefer a stubby antenna , but this flip up probably helps with the range.Overall though , the quality is there ! You cant go wrong with the 320 or 325 .
 I 've had one of these for years -LRB- dropped the other one causing the mouthpiece part to break off restricting it to cellphone mode , a convenient option , but not always desired hence , they are not heavy-duty -RRB- . Good battery life , tho not rechargeable . They 'd probably take rechargeable AAs , but they wo n't recharge in the unit.The folding antenna is a nice feature , making it compact enough to slip into a jacket pocket . The range is not huge , so if you need huge range , get a GMRS unit . Great for car-camping , trips to the supermarket and such or places where cell signals are poor or nonexistent -LRB- exhibition halls , etc. -RRB- The shorter range would probably be a problem at the mall , but would probably be good outside at the county fair . Great to keep in touch with the kids on outings .
 I have had a pair of these for a couple of years now and they have come in very handy . The Call Button is something that my neighbor 's talk-about radio does n't have and comes in very handy to get someone 's attention before talking . The batteries seem to last forever as well .
 It 's so simple to review a product like this it 's features are well thought out and performs perfectly . It may be a few dollars more than some of the other units in the marketplace but it 's well worth it .
 Just got this sub to replace my sony 8 inch sub . I plugged this sub in , put on a cd and this thing rocks . The lows hit so low and sound awesome with my Klipsch Quintet SL Home Theater System . If you are looking for a great sub for movies and music then GET THIS SUB ! You will not be disappointed .
 After reading tons of reviews online on a budget subwoofer , i decided on the Bic H100 and could n't be happier ! For this specific price , I dare you to do better . This replaced a Onkyo subwoofer from an htib system that I had and the difference is night and day ! I 've been amused , watching some of the older dvd 's I own and noticing LFE -LRB- low frequecy effect -RRB- where my Onkyo sub had apparently just given up . A case in point , the scene in Moulin Rouge where Satine is meeting Christian in her room after her show . Well , everytime the windmill outside does a rotation , the H100 rumbles ! EVERYTIME , even when the windmill is not IN the scene and the two actors are speaking , you can still hear the melodic rumble . Very cool .
 Good sub for the money , certainly not the best but it was in my price range and delivers good sound .
 Good Quality , Good SOLID sound , nice feel in a 19 ' X 21 ' -- MY ROOM ! -- This unit definetely outstands and beats the high priced competitor . Was seriously looking for a Klipsh , but was n't truly convinced by the sound not to mention the steep price . BH-100 unit not only convinced me on the price but the feel ... . of that low solid thundering bass . Highly recommend this slick looking High Gloss 12 '' . Very well worth all around .8 bl .
 Having just purchased the H-100 after reading a few reviews on it , I am very satified with my purchase . Admittedly , it was n't as heavy as I thought it would be however , this is a GREAT home theatre sub for the price.Upon receiving it from UPS , I hooked it up into my existing system -LRB- powered by a Yamaha HTR-5550 receiver -RRB- and loaded in Master & Commander . When the action scenes hit , this sub literally shakes the walls of my apartment and you actually feel the `` hits '' of the cannonballs in the chest . Literally . For home theatre , this sub is very tight and punchy , with the lowest bass notes -LRB- I think that it 's called `` LFE '' -RRB- projecting out into the room with a lot of `` hit '' . For music , I think it is a little boomy , but if you using a good media player -LRB- I run a coaxial line out from my PC soundcard straight into the Yamaha receiver -RRB- , you can use the equalizer in the media program to iron out some of the boom - after which , it sounds GREAT.All in all , this is a great performing , aesthetically pleasing sub , that is great value for the dollar . IMO , it is well worth checking out @ this price point and to date , I am very happy with the purchase .
 I ca n't go into a long detailed review -LRB- sorry -RRB- but I 'm pleasantly surprised by this sub . I 've had a Bose sub , 2 Polks , and a couple others over the years and this is the best by far that I 've had . I ca n't afford to spend a LOT on a sub , but was frustrated with the lack of quality `` low end '' on my others . This sub not only gives me that , it 's also a nice looking sub ... pics do n't do it justice . -LRB- The top is even a `` glass like '' surface . . very nice looking -RRB- I know that looks are n't the important thing , we want good sound , but this is a nice looking sub . Also well made and solid . There 's always gon na be better subs , but for the price I have zero regrets . I 'd love to be able to afford a `` high dollar '' sub , but I ca n't ... in the meantime I 'm really pleased with this ... it 's giving me sound I did n't have before . I 'm loving it ! Edit
 Great sub for the money . Only the hardcore audiophiles will need more.But then , they wo n't be looking here anyway . You will not be dissapointed .
 Deep , resonant , floor shaking base from this very fine subwoofer . Used in conjunction with our home theater system and surround sound , it mimics well the effect you get in a real theater .
 UPDATE 1/1/13 WELL JUST THOUGHT I 'D GIVE AN UPDATE ON THE ACOUSTECH BY BIC SUB - STILL POUNDING JUST LIKE NEW , NO PROBLEMS WITH ANYTHING , VERY VERY VERY SATISFIED SOUNDS SOOOO SMOOTH AND PUNCHY , GREAT FOR ANY BASS ORIENTED MUSIC AND TV , WELL EVBERYTHING I USE IT FOR , NEVER LETS ME DOWNi have had the bic acoustech h-100 for alittle over a week and am happy with it.in my 16x16 room i find that i only need it turned half way up . the bass tones sound low , loud and accurate . when people write here that they can feel the bass , its hard to believe but it really is true as i have found , felt the vibration thru the floor and the chair.this sub actually stomps my $ 305 polk , so you can take my word and all the other good reviews about it or someone who doesnt even have the sub or has never heard it who says bad stuff cause they havent heard of the brand or cause they are mad they got swindeled by another brand , its up to you who to believe . this sub sounds good with dub , metal , electronic type music and movies also esp , gunfire or explosions are insane.i would recommend ACOUSTIC SOUND DESIGNS to buy this from , the guy gave me a price im sure no one could beat just hit the make offer button , youll be like `` holy cow , i better jump on this deal before he changes his mind '' and fast shipping too , the next day it was shipped . ask for mike . next i will purchase the dual 8 inch towers by bic from this guy , i hope he can hook me up like he did here . i 'll put it this way , the sub is in a room on the front part of the house , when turned up , you can hear it on the back porch with all the doors closed . it handled bassnectar with no problems at allI WAS ABLE TO GET THE DV8 'S OR WHATEVER THEY ARE CALLED AND THEY ARE SUPREME ALSO , FEEL CONFIDENT IN BUYING THESE OR THE SUBHA , I LIKE HOW THE GUY ABOVE HAD TROUBLE WITH HIS SUB SO HE GAVE ALL THE POSITIVE REVIEWS A `` NO '' TO THE HELPFUL OR NOT BUTTON , GO CRY IN THE CORNER , DUMMY
 I 'm not a hardcore audiophile but this thing sounds way better than my previous Sony and Infinity subs . Paired it with a low level HK amp and it gets it done nicely . Very impressive when watching movies . The entire house will shake when I crank this thing . Looks nice too and the price can not be beat . I 'm sure hardcore audiophiles can find a a laundry list of reasons to buy something better but if you are the average person that wants a quality sub but are n't into name brands and wasting money then buy this .
 This is a great subwoofer with all sorts of power and easy adjusments with switches and knobs on the back . I read several reviews that tested this subwoofer against much more expensive brands and this one was always as good or better and cost half as much.The reason I only gave it 4 stars was because of the frustration that a sticker on the speaker screen gave me -LRB- yes this is a petty complaint -RRB- . It would not come off even when applying some heat -LRB- I actually think this made the sticker glue stick better -RRB- . I would have left it on but it was crooked and looked bad . I ended up using a black marker to cover what I could not get off.The other thing is that the power cord does not plug in securely to the back of the unit . Not a real problem unless you have animals or small children -LRB- same thing -RRB- that may knock it loose.Despite these two small problems I would definately recomend this subwoofer for both home theater and music listening .
 Researched for a while and opted for this subwoofer to replace my old and small Velodyne CT - 80 . Whole different league for the same price paid for the Velodyne 8 years ago . This unit moves quite some air in my 18X18 room . I would think its hard to beat at around $ 250 .
 I have owned this sub for 7 years now , matched with my Paradigm 7.1 setup . I love it . You cant find a sub to outperfom it without getting above $ 400 , in my opinion . Great value .
 When I was researching subs I always read comments that said that the sub `` blends in . '' I wondered how a sub that blended in could be looked at as a good thing - imagining it to be weak . Definitely not the case . Upon purchasing this sub -LRB- based on the multiplicity of good feedback I saw at the price range -RRB- I now understand . It is a powerful sub that has high quality sound . By blending in , it means that it wo n't stick out like a sore thumb , which poor subs do . Bass is largely omnidirectional ; therefore , a quality sub will simply envelop the listener with good-sounding bass - rather than rattle/rumble and nag you . It adds another dimension to your listening experience and sounds like it 's coming from your speakers . That 's how it `` blends in . '' The bass that you hear in the car sitting next to you at a stop light is not a good sound . That sticks out like a sore thumb . You wo n't get that with this product . You 'll get something that sounds great with movies as well as music of all genres - from jazz and classical to rap -LRB- which has a tendency to be bass-heavy -RRB- . Truth be told , I am very proud of this sub and it takes my movies to a whole ` nother level and also impresses the chicks -LRB- for real -RRB- . I have no complaints with this sub . It sounds better than most commercial brands that I demo 'd - including infinity and many velodyne models . Great product !
 I was very hesitant to buy this speaker but I had just lost my old one and money was very tight , so I did ` nt have much of a choice . I researched it at Bic 's web page and every audio page that I could come up with . I did ` nt read one negitive thing about it . The only thing I could say that may turn someone away , would be that this is a sub for a normal , -LRB- small to medium -RRB- size room.The encloser , grill and speaker all look very high quality , very nice fit and finish.The sound that comes out is quite good , of course your placment will change the sound to your own tastes.I have it set up to about one half volume and to the parameters of my receiver , it fills my room with full rich bass and responds beautifully to movies , I turn it down for music because I do n't really like my music with bass as the focus.Mike from Canada
 Due to living in an apartment , I have not really been able to crank this sub up much . From what I can tell it is a very good sub . I like the look of the huge baffles on the cone . It is pretty big but does blend in with the grill on.pros : Very highly regarded as one of the best subs in it 's price range by avs forum members.Designed in part by the HSU team , a well-respected name in subwoofersgloss black finish on top , -LRB- cat foot-prints galore -RRB- all the switches you need on the backcons : most people probably have never heard about this sub and its name might suggest like it came out of wal-martthe power cord does not fit snug in the back , however mine has never fallen out on its own.It has a rare switch on the back for 5.1 option or pro-logic . If you use an rca cable from your receiver for the .1 lfe channel use the 5.1 setting -LRB- the crossover knob will be inactive-use the x-over adjustment in your receiver -RRB- , otherwise if you wire your front speakers through the sub-use the pro-logic setting and adjust x-over knob .
 Like many families I have one room for watching movies , enjoying daily TV shows and listening to music when I relax . I needed a high performance subwoofer to anchor the bottom octaves for all those needs . I did n't want something that `` stood out '' for the wrong reasons . Enter the H-100 . The Acoustech H-100 is astounding in almost all aspects . I 'm impressed with both sound and power from this unit . The depth and breadth of lows from this subwoofer is why they call them subwoofers , not just woofers . Truly deep and rich tonality , impact and timbre.I appreciate the subtle , distinct bottom ends during sweet rifts on the double bass in a jazz ensemble as much as I relish the chest compacting explosive impact during action movie sequences . The H-100 clarifies the sounds of a calloused finger plucking strings as easily and readily as it pinpoints the concussion of a road-side explosive in a war movie.The setup is easy and fully configurable for any environment and room . There are enough options to blend the H-100 seamlessly into any system . The fit and finish are top notch . You can hide the H-100 away in a corner , but given it 's beautiful piano lacquer finished surfaces you may want to rethink where you display it.I originally set out to find a high quality , affordable , sealed enclosure subwoofer as a first choice . I favor the range and accuracy over of sealed over the limited but punchy band-pass tuned enclosures . I chose the H-100 because I originally thought it was a sealed enclosure unit . I could n't find any product pictures that showed a port . To my surprise the H-100 is a tuned port enclosure . It is not sealed as originally thought.Upon first opening the box and seeing the tuned port in back I was a little disappointed ... until I plugged it in and turned it on . The venturi port design and tuning are excellent . There is absolutely NO port chuffing and very little if any band-pass audio artifacts , even when corner loaded . The sound is superb , clear , tight and has a wide operable range . I realize now my opinions of tuned port vs sealed enclosures was based on poor , weaker designs that lacked attention to acoustic detail . The H-100 proves how the delicate balance of power efficiency and audio precision can and do walk in lockstep together.I highly recommend this home subwoofer for any system in any size room . There is plenty of power to spare for any size room . It 's beautiful . It sounds magnificent . It 's incredibly flexible . It 's offered a great price . You ca n't go wrong with the H-100 .
 It definitely took a bit to get used to this sub compared to my old crappy one . this is my first `` decent '' sub . I knew I was going to have to retrain my ears a bit.Bass is much more clean with this sub and it has a lot of power . . my friends are impressed . . however i do n't feel the base is very `` tight '' a quick punch to the bass feels like it trails off a bit.overall i am glad i purchased this sub . it was worth the money .
 Well . I do n't have anything to add to the star reviews here . This sub delivers !
 I had purchased a Klipsch sub10 and returned it for the Acoustech H-100 and am I glad I did . Visually the H-100 is much more stylish with the high gloss finish and gold front firing sub . Sound is incredible , very robust bass without being boomy , and try as I might , I ca n't seem to bottom this thing out . I much prefer the front firing speaker over the bottom firing Klipsch , which seemed to absorb much of the bass into my carpet . And oh yeah , did I mention I saved $ 220 . I could buy two of the H-100 for about the same price as the Klipsch , but I do n't think the foundation of my house could withstand that kind of shock .
 This is a great subwoofer at this price level !!! I upgraded from the stock subwoofer of my mid-range Onkyo home theater system -LRB- I have already upgraded the satellites -RRB- and this makes a huge difference !!! For movies , the low end is tight and adds significant depth vs. my previous sub , which would produce muddled bass during scenes with significant bass / action / etc. I have done only limited testing of music with this sub , but it is definitely tighter -LRB- i.e. less boom -RRB- than my former HTIB sub , and now I get great low-end response without having to constantly tweak the receiver / subwoofer settings to minimize boom.I did a significant amount of research before buying this subwoofer and I am absolutely satisfied with my purchase . This is a great subwoofer for this price point and I highly recommend this if you are wanting to upgrade from your current setup .
 In building my home theater recently I needed a sub that looked nice , was n't too big but also sounded good and was n't terribly expensive . Enter the H100 , it fit all of those criteria to a `` T '' . The high gloss black finish and grill look great , the sub does n't take up too much room -LRB- which is nice for us as we live in a condo -RRB- and was a good value.The sound is wonderful for home theater and is respectable for music . If you primarily listen to music there are probably some other subs in this price range that may suit you better . For home theater though I think this is as good as it gets for the price . Now as you move up in budget there are a LOT of great subs out there starting in the $ 350 + range but not everyone has that kind of money . For those looking for a good `` starter '' sub , I 'd highly recommend this one .
 This sub woofer produces such a rich subtle and smooth bass . It doesnt overpower TV , movies or music . It hits hard when it needs too , and is smooth when it needs to be . My Father has a sub for his HT system , which is much smaller than this one and cost about $ 1800 bucks . This sounds just as good at a fraction of the price . I did a lot of research before buying this sub and I am very happy with my choice . My only complaint is that it is kinda big , but not so big as to be an eyesore . Great sub , Great price ! -LRB- Disclaimer ; I am not an audiophile -RRB-
 The USB cable synchs your iPaq as you would expect it to do . It does NOT charge your iPaq though so you 'll still need either the cradle or the auto -LRB- car -RRB- charger for that . So do n't think you can grab just the USB Sync cable and off you go . They should offer a simple plug charger along the same lines as this Sync cable .
 The thin USB sync adapter cable makes synchronizing on the road or when using multiple computers a snap . I 've used the cable to sync with my desktop at work , my laptop when on the road and with any other computer when travelling . Very light and simple to use I 'd recommend it to anyone who has more than one computer .
 This will greatly increase the speed of tranfer , from your i-paq to your desktop PC . Just imagien tranfering the averge files in around eight seconds . When partnered with the AC adapter this couple are cheaper than the cradle and making it easy to bring on road trips . The i-paq is the only handheld to be supported by Macs and the USB cable destroys the need to buy and use a serial cable converter .
 used without a hitch . what more needs to be said . sync time was cut in half compared with the serial cable sync time . recommend highly
 The XT and this case combo , I mean . When I started planning my vacation in the Galapagos Islands , this was the only digital camera/dive case combo around . I 'm no diver , but I used it snorkeling . Bottom line
 While described as fitting the DiMage Xi , this case DOES NOT ! If you own the DiMage Xi , you 'll need the MC-DG100 - and it seems that this is MUCH harder to find.Just to note , I 've seen the MC-DG100 in action and it 's great ! I can only image that the MC-DG200 performs just as well . It 's just that the DiMage Xi will not fit into this case .
 My children and I love anything to do with water , so I wanted a small digital camera that I could carry at all times , but I needed something that allowed me to use the camera at the beach , in the pool , at the water parks , etc. . This has been a terrific combination for us . I carry the Dimage XT with me in my purse , but when we travel or go to the beach , etc. . I use the marine case . We recently visited Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio and it rained during the afternoon . I was able to continue taking pictures of the kids on various rides throughout the afternoon without a care . It was wonderful!The case is extremely easy to use . The obvious drawback is the size is larger with the case , but it still fits in your hand well and is easy to take one-handed pictures with . Be sure not to scratch the case over the LCD area or the lens area . Other than that , it is easy to use and has stood up to our active family very well . You are unable to use the optical viewfinder with the case on the camera , but I tend to use the LCD screen anyway , so that was not something that I even considered when I purchased the case.A great buy to protect your tiny digital camera . The depth rating of 100 feet for an extended amount of time is worth purchasing this over a plain `` waterproof '' camera that can be splashed or submerged less than five feet for less than 30 minutes !
 Ordered a Minolta underwater housing for a Dimage XT camera . Arrived in a week , no packaging , no instructions , etc. just the housing . Minolta does not have the instructions online . Need to know what to lube the o-ring with and where to get a replacement o-ring since they no longer make the housing . Main thing is the instructions , would have been nice to have them . Thought the item was new when purchased , but obviously , it is n't .
 These cables are well made and are the perfect length for a server rack if you have your KVM about the middle of the rack . The molding around the connectors is good and the keeper for the USB cable on the server side is a nice touch . The price is reasonable and the shipping was very quick ... had them in less than a week .
 To-date , Intel has not provided drivers under Windows 2000 , so beware , since this unit will not work under Windows 2000 .
 I purchased the Intel Pro Pack camera with the Create and Share Software . It is okay . I have a Celeron Chip inside so I do n't get the fastest video but it is very decent . For beginners , I would highly recommend it . Keep in mind , your lighting needs to be set right . I had some problems with pictures in relation to the amount of light.With a little tweeking and stuff , you can make great use of this camera .
 After reading some reviews , I wanted to go with the 3Com camera , but did n't have the money so I chose Intel . The software installed fine , the cam installed fine . Works great on my P166 with 64ram , Quality is great , the software is awesome , it has some games you play using the cam , like virtual basketball , that 's really cool . The camera is fast too , I 've had a camera before and it slowed the whole PC down . Also there is a $ 30 rebate if you order it before September 30 , 2000 -LRB- mail it by October 30 , 2000 -RRB- , so for the price of the standard Intel camera , you can get the pro .
 If there was this would get it from me . The softwares great , the hardwares great , The pictures are very clear and the colors are perfect . The video and audio import features are fantastic you can fit 1 and 1/2 hours of video in 500 mb ! The software is very easy to use , -LRB- and yes the experts will like it -RRB- I 'm glad I invested in one . I hope you will be too .
 Picture quality is good if you have the right lighting -LRB- Get a flexible desktop lamp w/15W soft white bulb and place it behind the camera -RRB- , the audio could be better and I guess that all pc cameras need to improve the FPS -LRB- frame/second rate -RRB- . the software is great .
 I have this webcam for over two years now and it worths every penny . I use it for video chatting and playing games .
 It is quite silly to rate a product if you ca n't make it working . It works with any windows OS even with Vista , just google the driver correctly . The quality of this product is really impressive ! I 'd say it is the best webcam released in the market so far . My first Intel camera experience resulted in to 2 more as gift.Although we find it a very good camera CS330/CS430 , be aware of others Intel 's cameras . They do not have the same quality .
 After a week of trials and errors , I succeeded modify this affordable webcam to be my astrocamera . It works great ! More info on `` intel cs330 astrocam '' can be found on google .
 Lighting needs to be setup right but that is the case with all cameras . Great for creating AVIs from your camcorder live or prerecorded . Lots of applications to use it for . Enjoy .
 I bought a TRENDnet 10/100 Mbps PCMCIA Fast Ethernet Card to use it with a Compaq Notebook . Can I use this card with the Compaq iPAQ PC Card Expansion Pack in a pocket PC iPAQ 3630 ?
 Ca n't wait to use it with a Metricom modem!http : / / www.brighthand.com/pccard1.html
 In case you 're wondering , the PCMCIA -LRB- PC Card -RRB- expansion pack costs more because it 's got its own rechargeble battery -LRB- PC Cards need more juice than CF cards -RRB- . I assume it recharges from the cradle along with the iPaq . It 's bigger the the CF sleeve , of course , but if you want to be the first on your block with proper wireless web access -LRB- none of the Palm web clippings nonsense -RRB- , you 'll have to take the PC Card expansion route .
 Until the recent release of low power CF wireless lan cards , this was your only option for going mobile with you iPaq Pocket PC . I 've used the sleeve extensively with a Cisco Aironet 340 WLAN card and it works great . Want to go wide area ? Slap in a Seirra Wireless Aircard and truely go mobile.While the sleeve is a bit bulky , the heft definately is out weighed by the usefulness . With new Pocket PC 2002 iPaq 's -LRB- or the pending upgrade from Compaq for current owners -RRB- , you can use VPN features while away from the office . The nice thing is Compaq seems very commited to the current form factor , meaning that even if you buy a new iPaq , the sleeve will still work for some time to come .
 I 've got an ipaq 3835 . I 'm using the PC Card sleve with a Sierra Wireless CDPD modem , which draws very little power . Perfect tool for the remote sysadmin .
 I work for a CDMA PCS carrier here in Puerto Rico , it works great with the Gtran Dot.Surfer PCMCIA card . Speeds of 50 to 60 and bursts of up to 144 kbps are common . If you are outside the 3G coverage area , it still works 2G at 19.2 kbps speeds . If you need to connect via mobile to the net or your business , this is a must !!
 This element it 's great
 I bought a TRENDnet 10/100 Mbps PCMCIA Fast Ethernet Card to use it with a Compaq Notebook . Can I use this card with the Compaq iPAQ PC Card Expansion Pack in a pocket PC iPAQ 3630 ?
 This sleeve is bulky . There are reasons though . For one , you get a battery built-in that powers the adapters or storage devices without draining the main iPAQ battery source . This pack also has a power port that allows you to plug-in and charge the PDA battery and its own.I bought this expansion pack to run the Compaq WL110 wireless LAN adapter , so I am a bit envious of the Toshiba e740 Pocket PC that has wireless built-in . Even the latest iPAQ does not come standard with wireless built-in . I suppose Compaq wants to continue the Expansion Pack sales.There is a wide variety of Compaq Flash Card adapters . I would consider getting the CF card sleeve over this one if I had the choice over . The reasons would be the smaller size of the adapter cards , the standard CF memory cards which I use for a number of reasons such as digital photos and file storage , would fit natively without a CF card to PCMCIA adapter . Compaq makes a dual PCMCIA and CF card Expansion Pack . If you have the dough , that is the probably the ideal way to go .
 IPAQ PC Expansion pack totally rocks . If you have an IPAQ 3700 series or higher this is a must have accessory . When you spent so much money on your pda , its pointless if you ca n't do some sleek stuff , like wireless internet . This is just the thing for it . Buy it Now ! ... if you extra money left to burn , GET IT NOW ! You made the right choice by buying an IPAQ , now make another one .
 What is the size and weight of this item ? Does it make an iPaq too big and heavy ? There 's a battery included with this , if I do n't use a PCCard much , does it significantly increase the battery life of the iPaq itself ? How long does it take to charge , and how long will a PC Card run on it ? Thanks .
 I have a 3Com LAN +56 K global modem cardbus pc card -LRB- 3CXFEM656 C -RRB- . It does n't say that it is NE2000 compatible . Is there any possible that I can use this PC card expasion with this modem card ?
 When my family and I went on vacation to Disney World , we carried around the Panasonic KX-TR320 FRS 2-Way Radio . Not only did it look cool , with the Cobalt Blue accent , but the KX-TR320 has rubber plugs , making it water proof ... this was very important since my Dad carried it on Splash Mountain , and it kinda got a little wet . My Dad dropped it a few times too at Disney World , making my Mom freak out , but it could take a licking and keep on ticking . The only problem was the tiny buttons , I remember I was trying to use it outside of Body Wars in EPCOT , and I accidently hit the wrong button a few times . It did have great sound quality and range . I would reccomend picking one up for your vacations .
 These are great !! I use them to keep in touch with my 10 year old son when he goes off with his friends to the burger joint or grocery store . The range is phenominal . He can be just about anywhere and I can get in touch with him . The voice activated mode is great ! The privacy channels help to keep the interference down , as I have found that these types of radios are very common . Unfortunately , I paid more for them elsewhere , wish I had gotten them here at Amazon.com . A hint to all you other mom 's out there , if you give these to your children as a gift , they 'll love them and wo n't realize that it 's more of a convienence for you than it is a toy for them ! Next time they run out without first cleaning their room you can call them right back with out leaving the kitchen !
 I own both 320 and 325S . I 've also tried Motorola FR-60 , T289 ; Cobra FRS-220 , PR-1000 , PR-900 -LRB- the latter two are GMRS radios -RRB- . The Panasonic 's are the ones I say `` What ? '' the least in use.It 's not very loud -LRB- but also not much distortion -RRB- , got a tiny PTT button , CTCSS has to be set to zero if you want to scan all activities on the channels , and you have to keep holding down the Monitor button to break the squelch . All minor annoyances.It 's been one year since I bought my first pair of 320 . Flip-down mic/ear speaker used to be a reason I bought these , but I never had the need to use them . Vibration alert is nice for really loud places like Disneyland . But when it 's too noisy for the ringer , it 's also near impossible to hear transmission.Solid construction except the antenna seems wo n't last as long as the rest of the unit . Like other people mentioned , I had this dropped to concrete floor from waist level -LRB- the belt clip slipped -RRB- , and it showed no ill effect at all.With best clarity from all that I 've tried , and $ 20 after rebate , this is a keeper .
 I have 2 Motorola FS-Radio 's and bought these Panasonic Radio 's too , I prefer using the Panasonic 's . They have a better range , are more compact and look cooler . The available car cord is handy too , eliminates use of batteries while driving .
 All my friends have Motorola radios , but when it came time for me to buy a couple , I looked for the radios with the best features ... and the Panasonic fit the bill . I love the cool look , and I particularly like the feature that allows you to talk into the radio like a cell phone . Sometimes you do n't want everyone around you to know what is being said , and with this feature , you have some privacy without having to buy a earpiece/mic . They also have more protection against drops and splashes then my friends radios , which come in handy while skiing . I highly recommend this product .
 Compared to Motorolla and Cobra brands before purchasing the Panasonic model . Not only was it a better price but also a better quality , durability , and functionality . It once slipped out of my shirt pocket and summersaulted few times after bouncing off a concrete floor but no damage because of its durable casing . I initally bought two units -LSB- but later -RSB- I also ordered -LSB- a -RSB- third -LSB- unit -RSB- . Love its private talk feature . My wife and I stay in touch in a mall using it like a cell phone . Glad that I chose the Panasonic model over others !
 these frs radios work as they are described , rugged , excellent features , not to mention they are the coolest looking radios out there . if you are going to purchase frs radios this year buy this model they wont last long at this price .
 I 'd been researching and shopping for a pair of the FRS radios for the better part of the past six months . When I saw the price of these Panasonics after the rebate , I had to pull the trigger on the purchase . We have a Panasonic wireless telephone that we 're very happy with -- it seems they make a good quality product.Just about the only complaint I can make is that the volume does n't get loud enough if you are in a noisy/crowded environment . However , this is easily overcome by either using the private call feature -LRB- awesome ! -RRB- or simply putting the unit closer to your ear.We 've only had them about three weeks , but my wife and I could n't be happier ... well , we 'll be happier when the rebate checks arrive !
 Excellent radio , much better than Motorola . Easy to use and very good reception . With the rebate it 's a real bargain too . Go buy a pair today , you wo n't be disappointed !
 : ^ -RRB- The quality build in these units is incredible.I owned some Audivox units before , which were just okay , and I had to return them . The Panasonic units have a very solid feel , are rubberized , and have splash resistance . The fold-down antenna gives you a compact pocketable package.The range and clarity tested better than the Audiovox units . I ordered one of each color to use for family vacations and kid tracking in the neighborhood.Highly recommended , especially with the rebate .
 We bought a pair of these last Christmas . They have been a wonderful purchase . We have used them all over DisneyWorld , at the mall , at the beach , while hiking , and even at the GenCon convention and the LLLI convention . We almost never lost contact with them . In fact , while in Milwaukee , we were actually able to use them between the convention center and our hotel , a block away -LRB- both INDOORS -RRB- . When we bought them I had no idea just how useful they would become . We were recently visiting friends in Toronto . Since we both have larger families , we often had to carpool to get from one sight-seeing location to another . The panasonic FRSs were invaluable as they allowed us to communicate between cars while we were driving . The only negative that we can come up with is the fact that the call signal is not very loud . When you are in a busy/loud location , it is hard to hear the signal when you trying to contact each other unless the unit is close to your head . This was especially trying at DisneyWorld where the background volume of the amusement park is significant .
 I just a pair today and they are great ! . I went inside a grocery store and talked to my wife aone half mile away at home and they sounded very good.Thanks for a great product !!! .
 Got two of these God knows how long ago . Greate product . But I am still waiting for the rebate . Bought a Panasonic 1st generation DVD player a few years ago and never got the ... rebate they promised either .
 I usually do n't rave about a product , but this was too good to be true . I bought 4 of these radios for Christmas . Sometime in Jan. one of my sons lost his radio out in the woods by our house . Today my wife found it while she was out for a run . I pushed the power button and it worked like new . Unbelievable ! I 'm sure this is not the kind of `` field testing '' that they had in mind at Panasonic .
 It really works great , even a few far from 3 miles or even when raining . I 'm totally pleased with this one , as compared to other few 2-way radio that i had bought with the same pricing range ^ - ^
 I used these radios for a few months and they are very easy to operate and the signal is superb . I went hunting and used them to contact other guys in our group . I actually dropped mine and was able to use the Call Feature to locate it . With the discounts at Amazon.com , they are a superb deal .
 Many useful features , works as advertised . Range is great , but the batteries run out very quickly .
 ... . Every boarder or biker needs this . and -LSB- PRICE -RSB- , it 's cheaper than a board tool or a bike tool . It is easy to use and loud enough to heard , whereever/whenever . I can press the talk button with my gloves on . The talk button is on the side , `` the only button on the side . '' My friends have the Motorola talkabout . the button is on the center next to all the other buttons . -LRB- Talkabout is not bad -RRB- Sometimes you hit the wrong button , if you do n't take off your gloves . You ca n't go wrong with the hot dog shaped panasonic 2-way radio . Plus , why would n't you buy Panasonic , they make technics !! must see technics site ----- >> ...
 I bought a pair of these for keeping in touch with friends during group trips . If you do n't need any fancy features , and just need a decent walkie talkie , this is it . The signal is clear and the unit is small . It fits nicely in your hands , and the buttons are ergonomically placed . Each unit requires 3 AAA batteries . I think most people who buy walkie talkies use them as a simple and cheap way to keep in touch with others within a close range . I think the KXTR320F FRS does the job well . If you need something more powerful , get a cell phone .
 This FRS radio has some nice features , like a flip out switch on the bottom to let you use the radio like a phone , by automatically reducing the speaker volume . This affords more privacy than the usual broadcasting-to-everyone-around method of the other radios . This could be simulated on other radios by just reducing the volume , but the transmit buttons are not usually placed for easy operation while holding it up to your ear.The buttons are a bit smaller , which takes some getting used to . It has the usual lockout feature to prevent accidental changing of the channel and modes after you 've set it up.The fold up antenna makes for a smaller size when not using it , but it does give it a more delicate feel , giving some concern about breaking it off . The antenna is flexible to allow it to handle bending it the wrong way , so it should n't pose a problem with reasonable care.The radio looks more like a little cell phone than a radio , which is nice at times , when you do n't want to walk around talking into a bright yellow gizmo , broadcasting to everyone around you.The transmission audio has a more tinny characteristic compared to the Motorola 250 and 289 ; it has a more ` electronic ' sound which sometimes makes it harder to understand from the other end . I found the Motorola has a more natural sound to its transmissions . It has a lower number of steps on the volume control than some other radios , but it does the job.The call tones on the unit are annoyingly long ; they go on for a much longer time than is necessary to notify the other party of your incoming transmission.These items are just minor problems , though ; with the significant rebates that Panasonic offers on these radios , the value is hard to beat -
 Overall , I like this product . I have tried it both inside and outside of the house and on the road . I guess I was hoping for a little more range out of it . They are pretty lightweight and the looks ar n't bad . I could n't quite get the 2 miles range that it says it has . But hey , for the price you ca n't beat these things anywhere . They are great . It was coolBig Truck
 This product is definately worth the money ! It has many great features including a unique private talk function . This is the best walkie-talkie I have ever used.Reasons to buy this product : - two mile range - great sound quality - cool design - private talk function - easy battery access - 38 different privacy codes - small for easy storing - splash and shock resistant housingReasons not to buy this product : - buttons difficult to activateOverall I think that this product is very good compared to others.I hope that this review was helpful to you !
 I bought two of these KX-TR320S . All is fine , no problem till today . One of the radios just fried up on me . My buddy gave me back the radio , & he says ; why is this thing warm ? Well , it was quite hot . I tried to open the back to see the batteries , but it was almost heat sealed . Finally opened it up & the batteries were peeling off themselves . Also the LCD display was n't looking all that good.I / we did nothing to them , ie-drop them or anything . I hope that it was just that one bad radio & the other one is okay . Now I have to go through the hassle of replacing that one.So , be aware of this if you own this FRS . I still like the radio , some real nice features , but for it to fry like that , hmmm ... makes me wonder .
 This gadget is very well made . It is rugged and allows for a good grip . Its audio quality is quite good . However , there appears to be no volume control - so the ` call ' becomes useless in crowded situations . However , the ` phone ' like feature comes in handy in such situations . Range is acceptable - 2 miles in best of situations , but more like 1 mile for practical purposes . I wish the PTT -LRB- press to talk -RRB- button were a little bigger . Overall , I am very happy with the product - it is a steal for the price it is going for at this time .
 This is an exclent product . It has 14 chanels and a option to keep people out of private conversations with it 's 38 privacey codes . This also has a great distance with it 's 2 mile range it allows to keep on having thoes conversations even when the 2 people are far away from each other . This is an exclent product for children over the age of 8 .
 everyone like 's all kinds of stuff if anything i trust panasonic , some like sony all i could say is find some thing u might really need but get something u can trust .
 I bought this machine after reading a favorable review in consumer 's reports and laptoplogic.com . I would recommend trying one first at a Best Buy or circuit city.Pros : - Attractive design - thinner and more eye-pleasing than M35/M35X predecessor - Exceptional sound from built-in speakers , though deeper bass is lacking - Quiet keyboard with easy-to-depress keys , though see issues below - TruBrite display produced excellent images - Touchpad is smooth and has good tactile feel - Sonoma platform with 533MHz FSB - Solid WiFi performance - Wide array of connectivity options
 I am on day two of ownership of this computer . I 'm very impressed that I have n't burned my legs when I have it on my lap , as I have done many times with my Dell laptop!I have to agree with one of the other reviewers , the keyboard is a little awkward to use , and those with small hands might want to shift the primary mouse button to the right . I 'm not impressed with the speakers , though I 'm not using the computer for MP3s or anything requiring great sound.In closing , this is a great computer for students , or those who like to surf the web . The wireless internet works amazingly well .
 My Toshiba is wonderful . The Pentium M is something everyone should look into getting.Today , laptops are going slower proc . speed to maximize efficiency and cooler temps . Like that one reviewer stated . . `` NO BURNING MY LEGS '' . The computer is very quiet , almost seems it is not even running . My HP sounded like a Turbine Generator spinning in the wind . . seriously , it was loud.The Laptop gives you many options to conserve power , from adjusting screen brightness to adjusting the computer 's capabilities while running on battery ... niftyOnly quirk is the keyboard . . its a bit off center , but we 'll just have to -LRB- GOSH DARNIT -RRB- adjust !! . . haha
 I have owned my Toshiba M45-s265 for 6 years now and have had no probelm with it with the exception i have had to get one virus removed one year ago , I utilize it alot . I have A cousin that has owned a Toshiba laptop for 10 years now with no problems . My laptop at this moment is still running great and I just bought a 4 hour battery for it because i 'm about to go back to school . Being that I just paid $ 150 . for a new longer life battery for this laptop I am actually online looking into the cost of another Toshiba M45-s265 for when this one dies on me , i will have an extra battery to use for it as well . I am not expecting it to happen any time soon . This is my first and only laptop thus far . Very happy with it !
 I have had the laptop for almost a year now , the main reason I bought it was that I could only take one `` electronic device '' with me -LRB- I work overseas -RRB- This Laptop combines the best of both worlds , it 's a fast and agile computer -LRB- if you add more ram -RRB- and its a great wide screen DVD player -LRB- separate controls and you do n't have to boot up the computer which adds to the battery life -RRB- It 's great for travelers and college students with limited space . It has built in 802.11 b & g wireless so internet connections are easy . Toshiba support has been good , they sent me an updated restore disc with new drivers for free -LRB- since I was overseas and could not get to a service center -RRB- All in all , a great computer ... only one concern
 Having never owned a laptop , I do n't know how this laptop compares with similar models within the price range , but I 'm reasonably impressed with the performance thus far -LRB- minor annoyances aside . -RRB- I purchased the laptop primarily for it 's mobility and the ability to send and receive streaming media -LRB- video -RRB- online . I was not disappointed . The processor is fast enough to handle the demands I 've placed upon it ; the images are vivid , crisp and clear . Audio is excellent , however , the low volumn level is disappointing . If you plan to use this laptop for music , be prepared to use external speakers.I imagine the touch pad is standard for laptops , huh ? Probably takes a while to learn how to use it effortlessly , but my wife and I found it annoying . I returned to the store the following day to purchase a wireless mouse , Keyboard placement is awkward if you 're used to using a PC key . The keys are a bit small too . Fortunately , working with video does n't require much typing , so I can easily overlook the keyboard.I CA N'T ignore how quickly the battery depletes . I had planned to use this laptop for product demonstrations away from home . Unless I 'm near an electrical outlet , I ca n't expect more than 1 or 2 hrs of use . Kinda inhibits my purposes of being mobile.I was n't in the market for a DVD player/burner , so I consider this a bonus . I 've never liked DVDs in the widescreen format , but I think the 15 ' screen makes the widescreen format look more acceptible to me now . -LRB- Probably closer to theatre screen dimensions . -RRB- Much better than watching a DVD via the television . It 's worth mentioning , though , that images appear distorted unless you sit directly in front of the screen . Again , I 'm new to this so I do n't know whether this is common with laptops or not.Overall , I think this Toshiba has been a quality purchase . A 4 rating may be a bit high , but this laptop deserves a better rating than just `` good '' .
 If you 're looking for a laptop with a good balance between price , performance and work , there 's the one ! It can provide you the best typing experience , 100 % confortable , easily hot , and it even runs the most complicated games with HQ graphics!Plus , it 's a good student PC ...
 I searched long and hard for a Stereo Bluetooth headset based on Bluetooth 2.0 for a decent price . I link it to my cell phone , which has an MP3 player built into it . It works and sounds very good , and if I get a call , a simple touch pauses the music and answers ; then another touch to hang up and go back to the music . The mic works well , even though there 's no boom visible.Most stereo headsets are expensive , and/or based on the BT 1.1 or 1.2 std. , which is must less reliable and poorer quality . I believe GE just slaps there name on this , but like most of the GE products -LRB- except for the wireless phones -RRB- , it appears to be good quality.The only problem I 've had is that most of the time it will no connect to my phone automatically , but this can just as easily be an issue with my Nokia cell . I just assigned a shortcut key to it to add convenience.Definitely been a good purchase so far . I hope it 's as durable ; it appears to be sturdy , and folds up well .
 I was looking a pair of bluetooth headphones to use while at work . I listen to music while working on multiple computers in the office area to avoid distraction of the sales calls around me . I wanted a cheaper pair as I 'd only use them here or there and found these on a sale.The only real issues I have is they are n't the most comfortable and one of the hinges is a little loose . Also there 's no real way to tell how much battery I have left and it does n't really warn you before cutting out , it just dies.However , this Headphone/Microphone system has done its job beautifully . I 've used it not only on my Macbook Pro laptop but also on my iPhone and have had no problems doing so . If I ever have issues with it syncing , I simply do a fresh connection and it works fine . The audio quality of the headphones and microphone are pretty good and comparable to wired , budget headphones/microphones .
 Funny noises coming from my old sub , the venerable Velodyne V-1012-b , a unit that got good reviews in its time , has its own amp , is a sealed design with a 10 '' driver and a 12 '' passive radiator . This was a pretty high-end , made in the USA design in its day and people have kept them going for many years now . . The radiator was making rude noises and when I removed it , I found it had split open . No problem as it I bought it long ago and the rubber probably just got old.The Dayton Audio SD315-PR 12 is quite inexpensive and its construction is basically a light stamped frame with a stiff , modern-material cone and what seems to be quality , pliable surround that allows it to move fairly easily . After all , what moves a passive radiator is just the sound waves from the other speaker . It has to move reasonably easy or it would n't do anything.I had to modify the mounting area in order to properly attach and seal this radiator . You can never expect a universal speaker of any sort to ever just screw right in as most mass-produced speaker systems use proprietary components that are designed to pop in with a minimum of labor.The Dayton has a provision to attach washers as weights in order to increase the inertia of the cone and thus modify the response . I just left it stock and light for the quickest response.In the end , the operation was a success . I tried a variety of music featuring bass and it all worked , and in fact I turned the response to right where I had it originally , so the bass response is very much the same as the original unit . That is a good thing.In any case , the Dayton worked , was very reasonable in cost and would be a good choice as a universal replacement or if you are building your own sub .
 Terrific after market replacements that will bring life back into your old blown towers . I know they did the trick for me . Rich , rumbling bass that far outperforms the stock PRs I replaced . Recommended .
 I have yet to progress to the level of savy audiophile neardness where I can make my own speakers , so I cant say how thay stand up to that , but as replasment passive radiators thay are fantactic.For fifty bucks I got a pare of old-scool -LRB- 40 '' tall with duel 12 's -RRB- floorstanding speakers that had their passive radiators missing , leaving a 12 '' port in both of them.Puting these drone cones in the speakers tightened up everything in the sound , thay sound persice rather than hollow.Thank you Dayton !
 I purchased these to replace some old worn out radiators in my Realistic Optimus T110 speakers . I am not sure how well they would work with the original woofers . I replaced mine with the dayton RS225 woofers . The radiators operate without any noise . I added weight to mine and put a little gorilla glue to hold everything in place . They have held up so far to extreme low frequency with high power . I almost purchased the step up from dayton , but glad I went with these . They are very good . As with anything be sure to drill small holes in your cabinets before running screws in ! Very happy with the purchase . -LRB- check out the dayton woofers on their website . awesome products ! -RRB-
 This was ideal to get rid of the highs from getting to my sub , works great ! This was also shipped and received quickly .
 Nice piece of equipment . I purchased it for our conference room AV setup at work , and It has performed beautifully for the almost-three-months we 've used it . Both the keyboard and mouse pair instantly with the computer . Connections are never lost - a problem I 've had frequently with my Apple Bluetooth keyboard/Mouse setup at home.I do recommend , though that you follow the included instructions and turn off both the keyboard and mouse when not in use . They do consumme quite a bit of battery power when left on and idle.I recommend this product without reservation .
 I purchased these transparencies to use for printing the positives that are necessary in the screen printing process . I print on these with aCanon imageCLASS MF4370DN Laser All-in-One Printerfrom Photoshop using the transparency settings.For this use , the the output is amazing . These films print fully opaque and it blocks the light completely during exposure . I find they print well without warping so I am able to tape several together to create a large image without any issues . For this specialized use , I say go for it . I 'm sure that my new Cannon printer helps , so I ca n't say it will work for those with old laser printers , but these films seem top notch and suited for the application.Because they print so well for me with both large blocks of black and fine line detail , I 'm sure they would be very good to use as standard overhead projector use with words , graphs etc. .
 Our company has tried numerous brands of transparencies and we prefer to use Sparco . They do n't slip in the printer and do not smudge once printed .
 Does exactly what they are suppose to , which is allow me to write on them with dry/wet erase markers for use on overhead projectors . Cheaper than other store prices . I recommend .
 These work just as well on my Brother MFC 7420 printer as the more expensive brands . Very satisfied .
 bought them to use for screen / pad printing works just fine for me.would totally recommend these for anybody wanting cheap transparencies .
 product is good . Definitely what i expected for the price . It warps a little from the heat of the laser printer though . I was shocked to have it delivered so quickly . This company was speedy and awesome . Thanks !
 I bought these to use for screen printing -LRB- search that on YouTube if it does n't make sense :-RRB- They worked great . And I have to admit , I was very skeptical about transparency film working well in a laser printer with the heat . However , not an issue . Solid coverage - enough to use for screen printing !!! Highly recommended .
 I used these to create wood plaques with poems and saying my wife uncovered . With the Xerox color laser running close to 290 degrees these feed without jamming or curling . Once out and cooled they were cut to shape . 3M adhesive was then used to attach to wooden planks and then I clear coated to seal the edges of the film to the wood . Not as fancy as laser etching but then much , much cheaper.Feed without a problem in both a Xerox 6130 and HP LaserJet 4000 .
 Works great in my HL LJ 2100 , I did find that I sometimes have to print two -LRB- one reversed -RRB- and tape them together to ger REALLY solid coverage but I 'm not sure it 's necessary and I might have had the printer set on economy ... overall it works and I 've gotten good use of this transparency paper .
 paid as 1/4 of other -LRB- name brand -RRB- products in retail stores!use amazon.com ... always great service & saver ; of money & time. ; the sheets works with NO PROBLEMS , exelent print.using for silk screen.good every time.ps ... seriously.R .
 This will make it so any USB mouse or Keyboard will work with even older computer running PS2 connectors and it 's smaller than a USB flash drive .
 I got this item and is working very well . I am satisfied of this product and I recommand it for that whom need it .
 Extremely cheap quality but you get what you pay for . It did the job I needed it to and that 's all I can ask for .
 i like the ipod skin and they shipped it to me in good time
 The SIGNAL from Wenger Triple Gusset Computer Compatible Brief has been an essential part of my dual office law practice . Because of my office set up , I have to lug a laptop and a bunch of files between two offices and home . This bag has made that endeavor a lot easier.I did a good deal of research before buying this particular bag . I selected this item because the three compartments -LRB- actually five if you count the small one near the handle and another on the side -RRB- allowed me to best organize into one bag everything I was carting around . One compartment is packed full of little pockets , perfect for office supplies , cordless mouse , cables , and many other helpful things.The middle compartment holds the laptop . The pocket feels a little snug , even for my 14.1 '' widescreen , but there is extra room for more files . The third compartment has two dividers in it , which is very handy for transporting multiple client files.I 've only had the bag a little while , but it has proven to be scratch resistant and the strap holds up well under the weight of all the stuff I try and cram into it . My only real critique of the bag is that the third compartment does not expand outward very much . If I put a lot of files in there , the compartment pushes inward towards my computer . Not a huge deal , but something to consider .
 I decided to purchase this Computer brief based on the one I had from the same manufacturer.These are made with excellent quality material and a well thought out distribution of pockets , folders etc. . . The onlyimprovement point would be to add reinforced stitching -LRB- specially on the zippers -RRB- so as to further ad to the working life of these briefs.I used mine for two years of business school on a very though schedule and one year of work after that.I would certainly recommend you get this one.Last , avoid the standard Staples and Office Depots as they are a good 30 % more expensive on these retailers .
 I like this product . It has a good space where I can put all my things in there . It also looks nice . However , I think the bag is a little bit heavy . I mean it is heavy by itself before you have it filled . Otherwise , I really like the product .
 I got this bag for X'smas . It has plenty of space for the laptop , accessories , and a gusset for documents . It is light and good looking . I really like this bag and highly recommend it . Great bag for the price !
 This top-loading laptop case is well designed and made to last . It has ample padding and many pockets . With the three compartments , it holds everything I need to take on trips . I am very pleased with it .
 This lap top case is very well designed and constructed . It has ample padding , many pockets , and is made of sturdy material . It is n't inexpensive , but obviously for a reason . I am very happy with it .
 A great case . Tough . Its big for a non-roller , but I did not want a roller and I want to be able to put all my business items in , and laptop and not carry two smaller bags . Hangs onto my roller suitcase well . Good selection of pockets all in the right place . fits under airplane seat . I travel frequently . Holds alot of stuff in an organized way . Good for international travel . Best one i have owned . Not black inside pockets so you can see your stuff . But now they are in short supply and I have not seen another model even close to what I want . Wenger did a great job designing the `` Signal '' model . I hope they make more . The Patriot is the roller version , but its too big/awkward for me and i do n't want a roller suitcase and a big roller briefcase as carryon .
 I bought this bag three years ago from Amazon as my main carry-on and laptop bag while studying abroad in Germany . It fits my giant , ancient laptop with sufficient space for books and papers . There 's a little pocket near the top that 's perfect for holding a CD player or small items you do n't want to get lost in the larger bag.I carried this bag everywhere -- walking , on public transportation , on trains , on planes -- and never once had a problemm , even when I , quite frankly , abused its capacity and overfilled it . I regularly stuffed it 'til it bulged and hung more items off the handles . It still zips and none of the handles broke.It 's a great heavy-duty bag that stands up to hard use .
 Sturdy , comfotable to carry , well-designed features . Quick pocket is perfect for travelers . Looks great too . Highly recommended .
 This has lots of pockets , is very durable and looks great . I do n't carry a laptop in it , but I prefer this to a briefcase hands down.Definitely worth the money , you wo n't be disappointed .
 good price , cheaper then in the store . fits everything I need to carry . fast delivery .
 Some internal pockets are too deep , but overall very nice and can fit 2 laptops with the associated cables in it .
 Wenger makes great luggage ... period . Super strong , well designed and very reasonable price . I own both the Signal brief and their roller carry-on . I love them both .
 The item met my expectations . The price was very fair and the delivery was prompt AND free .
 So , I bought this for my lap top , and not knowing much about burners I kind of had to guess which to get.Let 's start with the bad then end of with the good :1 . Yamaha never sent me the rebate that was advertised with the burner . So , it makes this burner a little more pricey than others2 . The burning software is a little bit buggy and often does an illegal operation and shuts down . however , it has n't really affected it too much because it usually does the error when you are shutting it down anyway .3 . I often lose sound on my regular cd drive when playing discs and on the hard drive when playing music . but that could be my own computer 's fault .4 . I bought the drive thinking i could use it with headphones since it 's portable . well , you need an outlet to get power , so it 's not something you can use to run off of batteries . I also thought it could store MP3 's , which it does n't , but that 's pretty much my own ignorance when it comes to these things.Ok , so the good things :1 . it was really easy to install2 . it records music very quickly3 . the sound quality is good4 . you can plug it into a receiver and play CD 's that way without having to buy a separate cd player for your stereo.well , anyway , I hope this helps !
 I 've been using the product for six weeks and I have been very happy with it , even though I normally buy nothing but Plextors . I have winXP on my hp notebook , and after plugging the drive in to the usb port using the included high-quality cable , the drive was recognized and installed immediately.Audio burning allows cd-text , overburning -LRB- necessary for using 90 minute cdr 's -RRB- , and other features only found on high end burners , but extremely useful.I was pleased to find an enclosed card for a mail-in free pci usb 2.0 card -LRB- faster than firewire -RRB- or a discounted pcmcia usb 2.0 card -LRB- with 4 ports ! -RRB- . The requirements are technically different from the mail-in rebate , so you apparently do n't have to choose between the two . Unfortunately , though a UPC `` photocopy '' is listed as acceptable for the mail-in rebate , I received a postcard that my rebate had been rejected because an `` original '' barcode was not sent to them . So in reality you have to choose between the usb 2.0 card and the rebate , due to false advertising.So far , I 've had no bad burns or dae flaws.The bundled Nero software is good for advanced hobbyists but impossibly complicated for newbies . Nero is fully XP compatible , and it is the only major burning software suite to support overburning for 90 minute cdrs . But it has a complicated , unintuitive interface . If you do NOT use winXP , and you 've never done cd burning before , you 're better off buying a retail version of Roxio Easy Cd Creator to go with the Spyder . -LRB- Free bundled versions of Easy Cd Creator lack the jewel case cover creator anyway , so it 's just as well Yamaha went with Nero . -RRB- The ac adaptor is rather large for carrying around , so this is n't everyday portable , but it 's portable enough for me to stick into USB ports on my family 's computers and back up their date conveniently for them .
 A wonderful cool looking device that immediately worked under Linux . Only problem
 The Spyder is a truly awesome drive . It is pretty much compatible with almost anything and every type of computer . The Spyder is very small , and can burn CD 's in 6 minutes . It also comes with great software , and it 's so easy that you 'll be up and ready to burn CDs in about 5 minutes . Give the Spyder a shot !
 they trim/slim considerably that brick the R&D Yamaha people call a power supply!What were they thinking ?
 I just bought a Yamaha CRW70 `` spyder '' 2 weeks ago and I have been a burning CD 's with it eversince . It is truly a great product !!! So far I have no complains . it writes perfect CD 's everytime.Thanks to Yamaha Audio Master Quality recording ! Now you ca n't tell whether it 's the original playing or just a copy.Great for traveling ! The writer is so light that you can take it almost anywhere . I just bring portable speakers and I have an MP3 player ! Yup ! It plays MP3 without a computer . No skips !!! Excellent Product !
 This is a splice it yourself kit , you have to know which wires to splice into , so you 'll need to know your wiring harness . Install was easy for me because I was replacing a burned out converter that was plug and play . The wires on the old converter were marked , so I just wired right up to those . The directions suck -LRB- hence 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- The hardest part is getting a feed up to the battery , as this has it 's own VBATT circuit to prevent burning out your car 's lighting circuits . Just takes some time working your way along the floor trim and finding a hole in the firewall . I 've had too many problems with shorts on trailers taking out cheapo converters , so I figured it was worth the extra dough . So far , I 'm satisfied . Installed on a 2000 Jeep Cherokee .
 Product works as described so far . My only complaint is that the old versions had a connector on the side that you plugged in the trailer extension harness , which was a flat 4-wire cable . This version has no connector on the unit , just a couple feet of 4 individual wires terminating in the 4 pin trailer plug . I understand that it 's cheaper to manufacture this way , but it just looks cheesy , and now instead of the nice 4 wire flat cable I have 4 individual wires that I had to wire tie every 4 inches to keep under control exiting the vehicle.I would happily paid the extra dollar to have the decent cable with a connector on both ends .
 This is the unit that you want . I had to replace the trailer adapter that came with our Subaru Forester . The lights on the trailer were acting really strange . It seems that when one of the tail lights burned out it took the electrical adapter with it . The Hopkins 46365 is short proof , was easy to install , and works great . This is the unit that you want to convert separate brake and directional signals to a single bulb system .
 Moderate experience installation . All parts included for installation . Most time spent running red power wire under carpeting to engine compartment . No need to change flasher with or w/o trailer lights plugged in .
 the converter is easy to install , and works flawlessly , best price around and received item sooner than expected would highly recommend
 Install would have been much easier if the wire leads would have been longer . Had to add wire to all the leads going to the tail lights . Not a big deal if you have wire and soldering gun . After install product performed as advertised . Plus Hopkins customer service was helpful in me chosing the correct harness .
 I was getting just over 9 volts to the brake lights at the trailer connector on my motorhome before I installed this unit . After install , over 13 volts . Install was sraight forward . I 'm sure the # 12 wire supplied would have been more than adequate , but I had # 8 left over from another project , so I ran # 8 power and ground 30 ft from the battery to the rear of the rig . I also used a circuit breaker instead of the fuse . This unit greatly reduces the load on the vehicles problematic turn signal and brake switches as well .
 Light kit adapter has been working great . Originally bought a cheaper model that did n't work . Get what you pay for .
 This Hoppy tail light converter is the Heavy Duty `` short proof '' model . I burnt out 2 of the light duty ones before I spent the bucks for this HD one . I could have saved a olot of money if I had went with it first . Plus I was able to purchase it on Amazon at a much lower price than I could anywhere else . Like -LSB- ... -RSB- cheaper . I will now always check Amazon.com on everything !!
 Great price vs at your local auto parts store , because we saved about $ 30 ! Intrailerstalled easily & worked perfectly for our trailer .
 Good quality product !! It came with all of the connectors , instructions and wire . Easy to install and is still working today .
 I 've used the Hopkins 46255 in the past , but needed to replace troublesome factory wiring in my SUV , so decided to try the heavier-duty 46365 . The installation is exactly the same as the regular converter -LRB- actually easier , since the larger SUV body gives you much more room to work in , and additional mounting choices -RRB- and the built-in breaker eliminates the need to carry additional fuses for those times you hook to a trailer with a shorted harness - fix the short , reset the converter , and be on your way . It 's an inexpensive converter made even better - I 'm almost wishing one of my old Hopkins would die so I could retrofit with another 46365 , and get rid of the boxes of spare fuses in the vehicles I tow with ...
 Very pleased with this purchase . Easy to hook up and all needed parts were included . Recommend this for powering LED trailer lights . Good instructions provided .
 Our vehicle -LRB- Touareg -RRB- is a touchy one when it comes to the electrical system . If you are going to add trailer wiring in a Touareg or almost any other high end German vehicle , use a Short Proof install kit . This 1 item , though rather expensive comparably speaking , could save you thousands of dollars in repair bills to your vehicle 's electrical system . This particular unit was easy to install and has been in service for over a year now with excellent , hassle free results . Worth every penny for the piece of mind alone .
 I bought the Hopkins 46365 to replace a poor quality converter and it worked fine with the initial install , but 6 months later blew the fuse . I replaced the fuse with the recommended size and within a few seconds a puff of black smoke , dead ! I sent an e-mail to customer support and they were very prompt with a reply and the replacement was here in less than a week . Great customer service !
 It worked great ! Amazon had the lowest price anywhere and included shipping . I went to all other local auto parts stores and they all had to order it and wanted more money . Unit was easy to install and seems to work fine . I used this on my Harley Road KIng . I originally bought high priced components from a motorcycle specific store for my trailer connection . Those cost over $ 150 and burnt out within a short time . This Hoppy unit was much cheaper , easier to install and looks much more rugged . Working great so far and I am very impressed with Amazon . Great buy !
 Bought this for my wife for a when she went down to assist in the Hurricane Katrina cleanup in Sept. of 2005 . Everyone in the family loves this camera . It is small , lightweight , takes very nice pictures and has a huge screen . The battery lasts much longer than many digital cameras I have used.It is not a pro camera , but it does n't cost what a pro camera costs!Actually , we may buy a second one !
 This camera is so good thet in my family 5 member have already bought one
 I have owned this camera now for 1 week and it 's amazing !! The 2.5 '' screen makes life ever so simple and the picture quality is first rate.I am atrue amateur yet this camera set at `` auto '' does it all and every photo looks top quality.I like the protection given to the screen and lens when the camera is in the stored made .
 Olympus IR-500 4MP Digital Solutions Camera with 2.8 x Optical Zoom -LRB- Includes Docking Station -RRB- When this camera first came out , I was tempted to buy it . Since I already have a Fuji Finepix M603 , I recommended the Olympus IR-500 to a few of my friends when J&R . com ; sold it , brand new for a mere $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ; I wished I bought it then . After over a year I finally decided to purchase one but , it 's nowhere to be found . I did a hard search on the WWW and checked eBay and Craig 's List regularly until I finally found one for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- brand new . I waited because I refused to pay for it over priced.The IR-500 is a compact 4 megapixel camera that does the job really well . The large 2.5 '' LCD swivels 360 to the front , it 's screen protected when not in use . Because of it 's Transformer-like quality it never fails to get a `` cool '' comment from people who 've seen me use it . It compliments well with my white iPod and iMac.The IR-500 , the same with my Olympus C-211 Zoom with a built-in printer which by the way is still in a very good working condition , is fun to use . Next on my list , either the Sony Cybershot DSC-G1 or the Canon TX1 . I ca n't wait .
 I got this camera for my 18th birthday , last year . Since then I have taken over 3000 pictures with this camera . The video quality is alright , and can be difficult when making movies , but it is a camera , not a VIDEO camera . I was able to make a documentary video with this camera , but it was rather difficult once on the computer . I mostly edited the content on the camera . Such a nice feature!The indoor does take a while to actually take the picture . For faster shutter times , hold the button half way down , until a green circle shows on the screen , then snap the shot . That use is better if you are waiting for something to happen . Everything else is great ! The firework selection does awesome artwork with different light-styles . I am ever-finding new things to do with the camera . It has been to camps and back , it has been to disneyland , and even horseback riding . The camera is n't small , but it is small enough to put in a pocket and sneak into Grad-Night ! The self-portrait selection goes over really well with teenagers today . An upgraded memory card is suggested.Overall , this camera is the best I 've seen out there . Great quality , HUGE LCD , and so many functions it is easy to get lost in the camera . :--RRB- I love the calendar feature
 Needed this for my home stereo . Works great , was very cheap , and produces good quality sound , even at high volume .
 The products works and thats all that I wanted . Good , cheap product and it arrived very quickly . Would recommend it .
 A relatively cheap cable but it does the job . I am not sure it will hold up for very long as this has been my experience with cheap cables .
 I bought these for my kids to be able to hook up their iPhones to the stereos in there rooms and they work great
 Nothing bad to say except I wish I ordered more ! I find myself needing these cables everywhere now that all devices seem to have 1/8 &#34; outputs .
 The 3.5 mm cable end housing is large and might not fit in Apple products where the socket is adjacent to another connector.I got around the problem by using a single edge razor blade to trim excess rubber from one side of the male plug.Apple mini 3.5 mm plugs are considerably daintier and thinner .
 Cable was replacement for existing cable and worked flawlessly . Fast shipping and great product makes for a winning combination . Would recommend to anyone looking for same cable .
 I used it every day with my stereo and my stereo keeps playing constantly and no skips are noticed , I recommend it
 Great product for the right price ! It was exactly what I was looking for . Works great with my stereo and iPod .
 These cables are dirt cheap and reaches far . Connection feels solid and no problems with the signal . Exactly what I needed to hook my laptop up to my home theater receiver . Perfect .
 If you want to play music from your phone or MP3 player through your home stereo , this is exactly what you need . Just plug in the 3.5 mm plug into the headphone jack on your phone or ipod , and plug the red and white RCA ends into the red and white AUX or CD inputs on your stereo or amplifier , push the CD or other appropriate input control on the amp , and you 're good to go . The five foot cable allows you to hold your phone/ipod several feet away if you want to . The wires are sturdy but pliable . The price is low and there was no shipping when I ordered . Ca n't ask for more .
 Cord works perfectly to hook up my Kindle Fire to my stereo input so I can play Pandora . Works great , sounds great - cord length is perfect .
 The cord arrived right on the date promised and exactly as described . Works perfectly . You could not ask for a better deal .
 This was ordered to replace a computer stereo plug that had broken . It arrived immediately and is much better than the previous one that came with the stereo set ; it has a thicker , longer plug cover that makes it more impervious to breakage . Thank you very much for the excellent service and the excellent product .
 Great product ! It was exactly what I was looking for . Works great with my stereo and iPod . I 'm a hit at parties now . Thank you !!
 Ordered this cable to plug my iPod Touch into my home surround sound system . The cable appears to be well made and works as it cable should . It appears to be made of a better grade plastic than I would have thought .
 nice cable perfect to plug my laptop or desktop into my tv . but its a cable i dont know how you could screw it up lol . decent shipping no problems
 This is kinda of stupid that we have to leave a review . I feel like I 'm in school again . Anyway this product works , its so simple to use that given enough time a monkey could hook it up . ; -RRB-
 Fast shipping and Good cables . the price it is phenomenal low . I would highly recommend this item to anyone who wants a solid audio cable to connect a standard 3.5 mm jack to a RCA sound port .
 It 's a cable . It does its job without any problems and it was relatively inexpensive . It allowed me to connect my old VCR to my Logitech Z-5450 speakers to be used in conjunction with the rest of my rig . I highly recommend this product .
 I use this to play my ipod through my stereo at home , it works perfect . Plug it into anything with a headphone jack and it will do just fine . Buy it if this is what you need .
 Good cables , worked with my mixer . 5 feet is long enough for these types of cables .
 This is an inexpensive product that does exactly what it 's advertised to do - what else is there to say ?
 Just what I wanted and at the right price . I got the cable fast and did n't have to pay shipping . Works great with my receiver and my laptop to stream Pandora and Spotify in my office .
 Thanks to these cables I was able to connect my new TV receiving NEFLIX movies but using my external speacker . They worked well .
 For the price it works great . We are actually still using it after a few years . It is great for the price that we paid . I would recommend it if you need one .
 This is something that you can normally pick up at your local Radio Shack or electronics section of some store . If you 're stuck somewhere that has no local stores say , like a base in the Middle East and the cable from your stereo equipment at work started to come apart , this is the perfect place to go ! It came early and worked perfectly . I could not have been happier about this purchase -LRB- except not needing it in the first place -RRB-
 I bought this to connect my MP3 player to my stereo system and it does what it 's supposed to . Inexpensive and decent quality -- I would n't flex and bend the wires alot just in case -- but I 'm happy .
 I have been using this cord for a week now with no problems . I am using it to connect my netbook and iPod to an old stereo I have . The description is completely accurate ; the length and dimensions are as advertised.The quality is impressive . Unlike some low-priced cords that are so thin they short out almost instantly , this chord seems thick enough -LRB- on par with other chords I have purchased from actual stores like Target for 10X the price -RRB- to not be prone to breaking . The plastic coating also seems to be good quality . It feels soft and pliable , but sturdy . I have not experienced any sound inconsistencies or cutting out , nor has there been any hissing or static background noise.This seems to be a quality cord in general , and for the price it is phenomenal . I would highly recommend this item to anyone who wants a solid audio cable to connect a standard 3.5 mm jack to a RCA sound port .
 Needed this item for my new Nissan Murano so we could plug in our IPOD in the console from the back seat of the car and play it through the car sound system . Works perfectly . Could n't believe it was so inexpensive .
 this product is awesome it works well with my stereo to play my iPod which is what i wanted ! i may have to buy a spare !
 I use this to hook up Ipods computers and other 3.5 mm devices to my surround sound system . it work well , sound quality is good and is perfect for what i needed . no defects in them and the cord is long enough for my use .
 Before I got a new av system I used to plug in the ipod with this cable . sound came out great , none of that scratchy noise and little feedback . i wish i had got two .
 part comes in right time , when i hoop up PC & TV it is working .
 Cable to connect your pc/mp3 player basically , necessary item to have if you play your audio through your t.v. / home stereo . I bought this months ago and I have n't experienced a problem yet . Great price too .
 the mini pack is hard to get in stores , this made it easy . The mini pack is a great bargain .
 These mini-dvd 's have always been reliable and they were availabel at a very good price point online . They should last for several occasions .
 Have used about 20 of these in a Sony camcorder and all but one worked well . The one I had a slight problem with worked but came up with some errors on playback when finilazed . Of course when you put a TDK disk in a Sony camcorder , the Sony camcorder says , Sony disk recomended for a few seconds .
 they were the right type everything was good this is a pain in the neck writing a review on a new product .
 These were great for the price have had no problems with them no errors and play extremely clear very durable
 My boyfriend had a camera with no memory card . It only took these things.Thankfully they worked very well . :-RRB- Not much else to say .
 For the past several years that I have been using my videocam with TDK mini DVD as my storage partner , it never failed me . Sure enough that Sony videocam encourages to use Sony hardwares yet , it is just too pricey for frequent usage . And by far , TDK has been a reliable family companion since I started purchasing it from Amazon . Good deal for the price .
 Not much to this , but it works with my video camera just fine , so I 'm happy : - -RRB-
 If you do a lot of home movies with a Mini DVD camcorder , as far as I 'm concerned this product is the ONLY way to go to save on the cost of the Mini DVD 's from the Big Boxes or even Wal-Mart ! A 20 pack , at long record/play that 's 20 hours of whatever you 're taking on whatever trip you 're on ! Like the days of VHS , most people will never watch most of it again , but you can ! If you have it ! And do n't forget the Mini DVD cases , also from Amazon and I reviewed the 25 pack of those I bought .
 Works well , no problems , great price . If you are looking for mini-discs this is the package to buy .
 I have used the TDK , Memeorex and Sony mini-dvd media . These are my favorite of the 3 . Sony 's are too expensive , Memorex caused a vibration in my camcorder . These just worked . It seems though the price has gone up no longer the 45 cents per disk value it used to be . Still at $ 1.1 cents a disk not a bad value ... Still thats 144 % inflation .
 NO it does n't ! They work great in my Sony mini-DVD camcorder . High Quality and I just need to make sure I am taking enough video before I forget where I put all of them !
 why is this available for international if amazon only charge priority mail and then thanks to that we have to pay taxes in europe and go to the AIRPORT to get it ?????? standard mail will work fine . . . no extra taxes no more problems ...
 I ordered these for our farm party so my cousin could video it for me . Since she was the one using the DVDs I ca n't really comment on the quality , other than I heard her say they seemed to be working well . So , since the videos turned out okay , I 'm assuming they 're fine DVDs .
 Bought these for my daughter and she loves them ... No complaints from her ... This is her 4th or 5th pack so for .
 Use these on my Panasonic DVD Camcorder . They work fine for that . Have also used them for data on the PC when I didnt have any regular DVD discs left . Work great for that too : -RRB-
 Name brand media at 45 cents each ? What can you go wrong ? Other than my Sony camcorder is annoyingly remind me to use Sony media .
 I bought these to go with my wifes new Sony mini-DVD camcorder . . A good bargan comparied to the local stores . . Every disk has worked so far with the only draw back of having the Sony camcorder remind me to use Sony media . . Also found a good deal on Amazon for Slim Jewel Cases for 8-cm Mini CDs too : -RRB- KHypermedia Slim Jewel Cases for 8-cm Mini CDs -LRB- Black , 25-Pack -RRB-
 I own a Panasonic DVD CamCorder that makes movies on a Mini DVD-R -LRB- 1.4 GB -RRB- . I have been using Sony Mini DVDs for a couple of years now -LRB- since the CamCorder was new -RRB- . They worked fine but cost around $ 3.50 each at Best Buy in a jeweled case . These TDK disks cost $ 8.99 for 20 at Amazon . That 's 45 cents per disk ! I did not see any bad reviews on these so decided I 'd gamble and try them . I 'm now in the middle of taking my first movie with a TDK disk and have been nothing but pleased . So far , I do n't see ANY difference between these and the expensive Sony disks I 've been using . When I inserted the blank disk into the Camcorder , it was initialized just as expected . I 've taken abour 8 minutes of the 30 minute movie . Today I watched that 8 minutes on my TV and was very pleased . I highly recommend these disks as an alternative to expensive name brand -LRB- Sony -RRB- mini disks for anyone who uses a CamCorder to record movies directly to Mini DVD-R media .
 These were good headphones overall . I had a 9 hour flight and the noise cancellation worked great . The only thing that i did n't like so much is that they hurt my ears after some time . I think i just had them on for way too long . They are quite comfortable actually , but after wearin them for a long time , it puts lots of pressure on your head that might bother some people with big heads . otherwise great headphones at a great price .
 These headphones are great for all around use , but especially in noisy environments . While they are lightweight and flexible , they still look like they could stand up to frequent use . I am happy with the sound quality and the overall product .
 The headphones were what I expected . I use them when I mow the lawn and they get the job done . For the price they worked well .
 I am extremely satisfied with my order . I received what I expected , and it was packed very professionally . Even more appreciated , it arrived sooner than expected . This is customer service at its finest !
 I tested the cord and it workedThere was nothing that I did n't like about the cord.I would recommend it to any one who might have a need for it .
 Product and service could not be any better or the process any simpler . Both were first class all the way . Definitely recommend this vendor .
 Not too much to say , simple product . I would say that it 's as well made as the original AT&T cord from 20 years ago .
 I tried so many different ear clips for sport activities
 You need to connect the splitter to the PC and let Win detect and install it before connecting the kb & mouse to it . PC also booted with no error when kb connected to splitter -LRB- without changing the ` kb not present ' signaling in BIOS -RRB- ! Did n't try on Linux ...
 I used to think this was a commodity product like water or electricity , but not anymore . I have tried to get PS/2 point-of-sale scanners to work with other PS/2-to-USB converters without any success , but this one works perfectly . I have used this on 3 computers without any problems at all . In one application , a PS/2 keyboard is going through a keyboard-video-mouse switch and then through this converter into a desktop computer that does not have `` legacy '' ports -- it works perfectly . I give the highest possible recommendation for this product .
 The cable is only about 7 inches - not 2.3 feet . Works fine , even on Windows Vista . Just plug in and it installs . Cable needs its own port - it wo n't work if plugged into a USB hub . This is great if your new computer came without PS/2 ports .
 I ordered two of these cables to use with new workstations that lack PS2 ports , but need to work with KVM extenders that only support PS2 ports . They worked great - so I ordered two more . Those two arrived in generic packaging , and while they look a lot like the USB-2400 cable , they are not exactly the same . The USB-2400 is an active converter cable , the generic is not . They work fine if you are connecting mouse and keyboard directly to the cable - but if you are using a KVM switch or extender - make sure you get the real USB-2400 .
 I have a 10-year-old four-station KVM switch that I use for repairing PCs and I use one of the stations to run one of my own PCs . Recently , I upgraded this PC but the new motherboard did n't have two PS2 sockets . I bought the Cables Unlimited PS2 to USB active dongle and it works as advertised . Big relief . `` Active '' is important . There is some signal processing that takes place with this gadget . The passive types do n't work well at all.I will update this review after I try it with a Mac .
 This product seems to work great so far . I would buy from this company again as long as they continue to offer the best price for their product .
 I needed this to connect an older Microsoft ergonomic keyboard with PS2 plug to modern USB receptacle in Dell flat screen monitor . Works perfect . I am not using the PS2 mouse plug , so I can not say whether is works or not but I have no reason to believe it would not . Very good quality . I ordered with other items . Amazon sent this item first , took 4 or 5 days.Keyboard is the BEST . I wish they still made them .
 Wanted to use an older model wireless keyboard/mouse with a newer computer . This worked perfectly !
 I bought this to connect an old parallel camera which , gets its power from a PC 's PS2 port , to a LT w/XP Home USB port . XP set up the drivers and identified the camera . Everything worked as designed .
 Worked like it was supposed to . I brought this to Best Buy when I bought a new deck with free installation and it worked . I wish it was the same gray as the dash but it does the job and I knew it was black when I bought it .
 why buy an expensive unit ? this is all you need , trust me . it does the job and is reliable . all the expensive units simply add cushion for comfort -LRB- only noticeable after about an hour or so -RRB- and give more bass ... if that 's what your looking for . when i need my bass i get it through really big speakers . this suits all my imaginable PC needs and it is nearly as cheap as it gets .
 Use it daily for many on my VoIP calls , Skype , Lync or other.Great bang for the $ . It 's a great investment .
 Great for VOIP because it only covers one ear so can be used in an office environment . Normal conversations do n't interfere with use . No need to constantly put the headset on and take it off , as with sets with two earpieces
 This is a great little motherboard . It has all the features you need , such as AGP 8x , PCI , SATA , USB , and lots more . This is a very stable motherboard , and is one of the best i 've seen for socket 754 . The only complaint I have is that it 's not the best choice for overclockers .
 If possible , I would RATE THIS ITEM 4.25 STARSThe Cofan `` Case Fan , Ball Bearing , 40mm X 40mm X 10mm '' is a nice fan , and by virtue of its size and RPM speed , kind of noisy . A pair I have installed are the loudest component in the computer case.The fan chassis does not have on it any markers or arrows to note the fan blade and airflow direction . This must be an oversight on the part of the manufacturer as I can not ever recall handling a box fan that did not make these helpful indicators clearly visible to the user as a quick installation and reference aid.Electrically , the Cofan 40mm fan is rated at 12VDC at 0.18 A -LRB- see photo -RRB- which works out to a maximum power usage of 2.16 watts . To help keep free and to maximize power supply configuration and utility , the fan is supplied with a pseudo daisy chain , 4 pin Molex connector -LRB- see photo -RRB- . This is very useful when installing an array of these small fans in a PC case.The fan arrived individually wrapped in a sealed plastic bag -LRB- see photo -RRB- , something I appreciate as I know I can store these fans and have them stay free of dust and high humidity . Though minor , the fan does not state in what country it was made on the fan motor mount manufacturer 's sticker -LRB- see photo -RRB- . As of this writing , this small fan is not supplied with any mounting fasteners or screws with nuts and a slight disappointment . I would much prefer it that I be given fasteners that I may or may not use , as appose to not having them when needed.With a sale price of $ 3.45 each , the Cofan 40mm case fan is a fair deal.Minus 0.25 for the sound level of the fan.Minus 0.25 for not indicating on the fan the airflow and blade direction.Minus 0.25 for not supplying some sort of fasteners with the fan.Item was promptly shipped by Cyberguys .
 This mini version of Matias ' iPod Armor product has served me well over the last 2 + years . I still use my iPod mini , since it is the largest iPod product that I currently have , and thanks to this hard case , the unit is still in `` like new '' condition . Being somewhat clumsy , I have dropped the thing several times , including on hard surfaces , and not only has it kept my iPod mini safe , but the iPod mini Armor itself is still in great shape.The only drawback to this product that I could think of , is not being able to access the scroll wheel while it is sealed in the case , unless you open the case hinge and leave it open . I think that Matias has probably heard enough of these complaints , as I can see that on their website , they now offer models for the full-size iPods with the scroll wheel section left open for access . That has been a concession that I have been willing to make though in order to keep my iPod mini safe . If you are listening to full albums or long playlists , then it is n't much of a problem.I would recommend this case to anyone who wants to keep their iPod mini in tip-top condition and does n't have to access the controls after every song .
 The HP XB 2000 notebook expansion/docking station is proving to be a welcome addition during the eight hours or so that I have been using it . The ease of using a full size wireless keyboard and mouse combined with lifting the monitor to an easy to see level are a winning combination . The device is truly `` plug and play '' . Removing the layers of packaging requires more time than making the three connections . The hook-up is so intuitive that the directions are really not needed ; however , had I not read the manual I would not know that an additional hard drive can be installed within the device . Did I mention the two harmon kardon speakers ? While not home theatre grade , they are a definite improvement over the laptop . Want to take the laptop outside to work on a nice day ? Remove one plug and you are mobile again ... Cheers to HP , Lynn Stubblefield , Nashville , TN
 I got one because of a bad power jack . It seems that when you keep plugging in into the jack - eventually the jack goes bad - sometimes the repair folks want to replace the entire motherboard - well this item as well as the HP Media cable - will solve the problem because it powers the computer thru a separate slot !! Now my computer works like its new . The raising of screen to eye level is a nice feature to have . The unit is a bit heavy though.I just wish people knew about power jack problems and disconnect ac power at the ac adapter -LRB- unplug ac cord -RRB- instead of at the computer.It is pricey - but to me well worth it ! PS - a tip - If you use a notebook cooler -LRB- Notepal by Coolermaster -RRB- under the notebook - it will fit in theexpansion base and raise it - so you do n't have to use a wireless mouse , necessarily . You will be able to use the touchpad -LRB- otherwise - the touchpad is partly covered by the base -RRB- - cool !!
 I like the Expansion Base with one exception . I use it for work and I have a flat panel to go along with the laptop to double my viewing size . You have to plug the DVI or VGA cable into the laptop and not the Expansion Base . The Expansion Base only has a S-Video connection on it . Other then that it is a great product .
 It 's a nice product , but for the price , should have included it 's own power supply . The keyboard feels a little light , and could have been left out of the package , along with the mouse . The speakers are better than their size would suggest . The unit supports an optional accessory hard drive , but it 's not a standard drive . Should have carried over Firewire to the rear ports - some of us use firewire for our cameras and iPods .
 This is a great product . I use a laptop professionally . I noticed immediate relief of shoulder and elbow pain . It ` well designed with GREAT sound -LRB- even though the speakers are partially blocked ... it 's actually really nice to play songs through this . Also , the base is very stable , yet flexible.I had never installed one of these and yet had it running within a few minutes . Redocking now is about a 10 second process . Set your laptop down , plug it into the side port ... that 's it . Very simple . I like the mouse and keyboard it has ... I 'm sure there are superior ones out there , but these work perfectly.Overall I have to give this a five star .
 I 'm pleased with my expansion base , it allows me the flexibility to adjust the view of my screen while I 'm working and the automatic plus is the ability to use the keyboard for typing instead of my laptop keys which are smaller .
 Quick and easy installation . Windows XP Pro automatically detects and installs the required driver . Included in the package
 Fit perfectly in my slim Dell C521 Desktop . Works great and was immediately recognized by the system . If you have the C521 I would really recommend this for firewire drives and video / regular cameras . Works flawlessly ! Would have preferred to get it cheaper as some have but I needed quickly and it has performed perfectly !
 This card fit perfectly in the slim Dell C521 PC and was recognized by the Vista OS immediately . When I connected the camcorder to it , it recognized it and gave me options to edit the tape in the camcorder . I did not encounter any problems . Very good product .
 I was n't sure anything was going to work . I could n't stream over USB and when i plugged my DCR-HC42 handycam it showed no signs of life.I powered down then plugged this is a regular PCI slot -LRB- it has a full size bracket if needed -RRB- and restarted.I plugged the supplied cable from my handycam dock into the card and BAM . . streaming video in Adobe Premiere -LRB- 30 day trial -RRB- . I have n't tried the supplied software but so far with Premiere I 've copied about 10 vids.Now if I could just figure out how to lower the file size -LRB- avi files -RRB- . . it seems like 5 minutes of video is 1 gig + -LRB- this is standard def -RRB- .5 stars . . works perfect . . I also connected one of my Maxtor OneTouch externals just for fun.Not sure if it 's running faster than USB 2 though.Installed in a Dell slim 537s . Install time start to finish-less than 5 minutes
 I bought this for a Dell Vostro 200 Slimline desktop computer that I did n't think to order with a firewire card when I bought it . I 've wanted to be able to do faster transfers with myLaCie 301832 320GB Rugged All-Terrain Firewire800/Firewire400/USB 2.0 Portable Hard Driveand to be able to connect a video camcorder.I do n't know why I waited so long to order and install this card . I guess it 's because I was n't 100 % percent sure it would fit . I should n't have waited . It took me all of 3 minutes to install it , and most of that time was taken in figuring out how to get the computer case apart . All I did was to take off one of those blank little plate thingies , position the StarTech Firewire Card over the place where it plugs into the computer -LRB- I looked up a diagram on the Dell website to see where the PCI slots were -RRB- and push it down firmly into place . -LRB- If you start on one end and kind of rock it in , it seems to be easier -RRB- . Then I just put the cover back on the computer and Voila ! Instant firewire port!I would probably have paid a lot more at one of the big box stores if I were even able to find one of the slim line models . This one works perfectly . My computer knew it was there right away.It 's easy to install , even for a 60 year old woman who is n't too much of a geek and has n't added one of these before . It 's about the same level of difficulty as adding memory to a computer . Or changing a filter cartridge in a refrigerator . Or cleaning the lint filter on a clothes drier . It 's much easier than hooking up components to a new stereo receiver or trying to program a VCR.Next time I 'll be able to do a video review when I install something because I now have a place to plug in the camcorder .
 I also have a Dell C521 Desktop . so this card is exactly what I needed . However , I need to re-state -LRB- as someone already had the same issue as me -RRB- If you have the same computer as I do , you literally have to JAM it into place ! Try not to break it ! The easiest way to know when you have inserted it correctly is when the `` gold strips '' are completely gone . When you hook up your camera , and turn it on - it should be detected , however if its not , dont panic and just try it again . : -RRB-
 This is a low profile fire-wire card that comes with a cable as well as a full size faceplate that can be swapped out for use in a full size PCI slot . I got this card because it was on the Compatibility for a Presonus FP10 Recording Device , however I since then returned it and bought a Focusrite Saffire Pro 40 . I am it the Focusrite and this card together with ZERO issues and have never looked back . Great Card for the price , does EXACTLY what it 's supposed to do which is create a VERY SOLID link between my Recording device and my Desktop PC as well as my fire wire external hard drive enclosures.Thank You for taking the time to read my review , hopefull this helps someone who is looking for a card that will work with a Presonus FP10 as well as a Focusrite Saffire recording device .
 I just bought a Sony VX1000 to film skateboarding , but I did not have a firewire port on my Dell 530S . I thought that this was gon na be a huge problem , but then I came across this PCI firewire card . It shipped fast and it took me like 15 minutes to install into my computer . It uploads great , only bad thing is the port is all the way in the back so its hard to reach . Besides that , its a great product if you have a slim or low-profile computer like the 503S .
 I had to upload videos from a camcorder only to realize that my PC desktop does not have a firewire . I had been using a MAC laptop which has a built-in . After researching here , I purchased this for my Dell slimline desktop . Plugging it in was the easy part . Then the computer could n't recognize it . After spending what seemed like a gazillion minutes jiggling it around , finally my PC recognized it . The software worked . Then I plugged in my camcorder , but now the computer would n't recognize it . I tried with another cable , restarted the computer several times to no avail . I gave up . 2 days later when I tried again , it worked ! This was such a pain , but it works just as expected once you set it up . Hope you wo n't have to go through my experience . Enjoy .
 The case I have for my computer only has 2 PCI slots and the video card slot . I was told not to put a card in the PCI slot next to the video card or else I could block the air flow for the fan on the video card . I bought this hoping that it is low profile and small enough that it would not block the video card fan . Lo and behold , it does not block the fan and it works just perfectly . This is an ideal card for someone looking to add firewire with limited space in the computer case or , like me , not wanting to block the air flow for neighboring cards . I can plug in my old iPod that still uses firewire and now I can plug in all of my firewire peripherals , no problem . And I should probably mention that this was installed in a hackintosh and works fine , but you did not hear it from me . ; - -RRB-
 this product is AWESOME !!!! was looking around for this a couple of months for my Dell 530s and couldnt find anything ... . came across this by accident . super fast delivery and had everything i needed to start my video project . just plugged it in . . swithced on the pc and WALLAH !!!! vista had no problem installing the drivers on its own.pluged my dv cam to test it out . . and i felt like i 've been working on it for years !!! only problem now is ... . i have an issue with my external alpha sound card . . but i really didnt put any time n effort to look in to it but im sure it 'll be alright . . if u are looking for a `` CHEAP '' firewire port for your slim pc ... THIS IS IT !!! now go and click on that `` BUY '' button . . cheers !!!!
 I needed firewire for a Dell 4600C Slimline computer . Oredered this card to install , installed in minutes . Card was recognized immediately . Anyone can do this if you need to add a firewire card . Makes it easy for digital cameras and to use external firewire interfaces or hard drives . Buy it if you need it . This is a great card @ a great price .
 This is the IEEE 1394 card , half size , can fit into the DELL slim computer.The half size IEEEE 1394 is not usually found in a regular computer parts store , even with Fry 's , Best Buy , etc. I intend to buy this card to capture my family videos from my Sony mini DV camcorder . The card fits easily into slot in my computer . My computer recornized the card right away.The box I received came with : - IEEE 1394 card - USB / Firewire cable - CD Ulead Sudio -LRB- famous software to capture video -RRB- . With this price -LRB- about $ 25.00 -RRB- I have EVERYTHING I need
 Came quick via free shipping . Unpacked , installed and working in less than 10 minutes . Installed on my Vista box easily . Could n't ask for anything more .
 this is a very good firewire card for dell or other desktops with a half size slot for pci cards . Another big bonus is the included Ulead dvd video editing software that comes free with this card .
 I was disappointed when I bought my new pc to find out that I could n't get video off my Sony camcorder via one of the many USB ports -LRB- Sony doesnt support this in Vista -RRB- . This card does fit into the one available PCI slot in my Dell Optiplex 755 and the provided cable plugged right into my camcorder dock . Works like a charm , now I have all my videos on my PC .
 It took a lot of finaggling to install . I had to jam it in the right spot , which is a really tight space in my computer apparently . It would n't read at first , so I just took it out and put it back in again and then it popped up and installed . If it does n't read on your computer right away DO N'T PANIC , like I did , just keep trying to take it out and put it back in .
 I 'm as low tech as they come . I needed a firewire port so I could upload from my digital video camera . I had no idea what I was doing . I got the specs for the card from my computer manufacturer . I followed the directions that came with the card . It took me all of five minutes to install and I have n't had any problem with it . Yay !
 This card was easy to install in my Windows 7 desktop . Did n't need to download/update any driver software . This card comes as low-profile and ships with the standard-size bracket . The sockets for both the 6-pin and 4-pin connections are very close to the edge -LRB- at least on the low-profile version , which is what I have on my desktop -RRB- . I had to realign the card slightly in order to get each cable to fit properly .
 I have tried other cards and software , none of them have been steady , including Windows Media encoder , Nero , and DV.Great working card , nice long cable.This product does the trick , and the enclosed Corel VideoStudio Pro , makes transfers easy .
 This card works well . It fit nicely , sedoup automatically and does what is supposed to do . Nice to be able to transfer video from older camcorder without problems .
 Easy to install and works great . I use it with Adobe Premiere and several types of cameras and dv decks .
 The firewire adapter card arrived in a very timely manner and was in excellent condition . It was a very easy install and included the appropriate plates for either a laptop or desktop install .
 I was after a firewire solution for my small form factor pc and this was exactly what I needed . It was affordable and solved all of my problems .
 It was delivered faster than I expected and it works really well . Have n't had any problems .
 Used to pull video from my camcorder . Easy to install and worked like a champ .
 The product arrived as advertised , works well with my previous transmitter so I did n't even have to go to the trouble of installing a new transmitter . The spring load on the earpieces is a bit strong , but I 've got a big head . Oh , well . Overall , very happy with the product and service .
 I am satisfied with the performance of these headphones , but the enclosed installation instructions of the infrared sensor are not detailed enough and need improvement.I had trouble getting good reception from my DVD system until I learned from a local installation shop that the infrared sensor should be mounted at the same level or above the headphones in the vehicle .
 I was surprised when I opened the item that there was no power supply . I must have misread the ad for the phones . No problem ... I used a Radio Shack 12V supply that I already had.The phones work fine and there are two sets of phones for this price . It 's a good deal .
 This windshield mount works better than the original one supplied with the GPS . I really like the built in speaker . It maintains the proper volume no matter what the GPS is set to . The speaker does n't have quite the tonal range as the GPS but is quite acceptable .
 This is a really nice suction mount - but is exactly the same one as came in the box with my -LRB- and probably with your -RRB- M5 . Great if you have your mount stolen . If you 're jacking the audio into your car audio system , also consider the 010-10567-13 M3/M5 mount kit which does n't have audio , is n't quite as adjustable -LRB- more like the Nuvi mounts with a ball and socket -RRB- but is lots cheaper - particularly if you 're thinking about cutting the mount apart in order to convert it into a semi-permanent installation somewhere.Also - given that the 010-10567-13 is sold for both M5 and M3 , this mount might work for the M3 - but I have no way to check that
 I love how this stand glows green when you have it turned on , it illuminates my chrome 360 marvelously ! I would also reccomend this product to anyone having heat issues , it seems to keep my console very cool and I have n't had a problem since purchasing this product .
 this fan blow cold air to the 360 i find its a very good product .
 this thing does n't really cool the 380 i just got it so it wont tip over and and so the holes on the bottom were easily ventilated . my light did n't burn out like the other guys . i think its pretty cool if you got 20 extra bucks that need spending .
 As great as the iPAQ pocket-pc is , it consumes a significant amount of battery when used with card phones or GPS accessories . While traveling in my car , the power ran out and I was unable to use the GPS . Now , with the new adapter , I can use it anywhere , anytime . This is a must have for all power users of the iPAQ .
 When the battery runs down while in the car ... I listen to mp3s as my car radio does n't work and the music is better with ear phones anyway ... you are just stuck with a dead iPAC until you can get it to the cradle ... unless you have this really useful charger stored in the glove compartment . Just plug one end into the cigarette lighter and the other end to the iPAC and you are back in business again , whether listening to music or just needing the iPAC fully charged for that important appointment . A great accessory !
 This product is a very handy thing to have in the car when you are a PPC owner . I use it for my iPaq and am very happy with it . It charges the battery quickly and is easy to use . Thanks Compaq !
 The batteries fizzle on the ipaq pretty quick . You 'll needthis to keep a fresh charge .
 these are great subs for the money i had a set in a large ported box and they sounded good i was shocked they are only like 175 watts RMS not for a big amp but a good replacement or starter sub
 It does work well but it is not quiet . If you are looking for a completely quiet system this will make a constant buzz from the pump . The fan is quiet until you crank it up then it becomes just like having a video card with a very noisy fan . Note if you are buying this to go with an already water jacketed video card the tubes will not probably fit and you will need to do some modifying with some hose adapters . I got this to go with the EVGA 580 GTX and had to do some modifying to the very thin diameter tubes to get them to fit around the inlet/outlet connectors . However this being said the unit does do it 's job I can play Crysis 2 with the full DX11 and high res texture package for hours and the video card never really strays to more than 47 - 52 degrees Celsius wich is impressive and while under load the unit does move a lot of heat as it gets very hot while playing games . But I would rather that heat dumped outside the PC as opposed to being in it . While not playing video games I leave the fan on the lowest setting and the only noise you can hear is the pump humming away but if you have the TV or stereo or any noise in the room you really ca n't hear it and while playing games with the fan up all the way I ca n't hear it either because the games drown it out.EDIT
 Very easy to setup and includes all hardware necessary . Even though the fan does not seem to push alot of air , the heat the rolls out of it is amazing , it does a really good job cooling . Only problem I had with it is that the pump was not strong enough to go through all the plumbing in my setup . I have it going through this unit to the cpu water block , then a radiator , then a gtx280 video card , then back to this unit . I had to put another pump after the cpu water block . But , overall I like the unit.It looks like they originally designed it as if it was going to have the option of mounting in a 5 1/4 mounting bay in the pc case , but then after adding the case and fan to the unit , it wo n't fit . That 's ok though , it would severely block air to the radiator because it gets sucked in through the top and blows out the bottom .
 These did the job on my secondary system with PSB speakers . I bought the towers used on Craigslist and the guy did not have the spikes , so I ordered these -LRB- mainly because of cost -RRB- . They are 1/4 '' 20 threads and pretty long . they worked fine . I would not use these on a hi-end speaker however .
 I used the spikes for my speakers . They worked perfectly , easy to install . The price was also great . Best I had found , would recommend this product .
 This item screws onto the lens for mounting the Cokin Series P filter system . Way cheaper than buying filters for each lens
 The Cokin P-series P164 Filter fits with out any problems and does rotate , when placing in the holder , also if the filter is rotated slightly when putting it in it will slides right in . The only thing I did like is the plastic storage box because when putting it away I feel like it going to get scratched .
 This is my first circular polarizer and I am really happy with the results . The sky blues really pops up . Great filter system .
 Not much to say , havent used the filter yet but if fits nicely in the Cokin P holder and was delivered as promised . Will be out the next couple of weeks using it so the product test is yet to come .
 As great as the iPAQ pocket-pc is , it consumes a significant amount of battery when used with card phones or GPS accessories . While traveling in my car , the power ran out and I was unable to use the GPS . Now , with the new adapter , I can use it anywhere , anytime . This is a must have for all power users of the iPAQ .
 When the battery runs down while in the car ... I listen to mp3s as my car radio does n't work and the music is better with ear phones anyway ... you are just stuck with a dead iPAC until you can get it to the cradle ... unless you have this really useful charger stored in the glove compartment . Just plug one end into the cigarette lighter and the other end to the iPAC and you are back in business again , whether listening to music or just needing the iPAC fully charged for that important appointment . A great accessory !
 This product is a very handy thing to have in the car when you are a PPC owner . I use it for my iPaq and am very happy with it . It charges the battery quickly and is easy to use . Thanks Compaq !
 The batteries fizzle on the ipaq pretty quick . You 'll needthis to keep a fresh charge .
 My history of PC-based HDTV tuners and PVR software :1 . Pinnacle Pro USB Stick - Kept saying there was no signal when there was a fine signal - returned .2 . ATI 600 USB - Catalyst Media Center software would not display some channels , was resource intensive , slow to respond , and unreliable - returned .3 . SageTV - user interface did not display correctly on my PC - abandoned .4 . BeyondTV - unreliable - often said it could not display or record due to no device or signal , even though both were present - abandoned .5 . Hauppage 1600 PCI - did not try their software but worked better with BeyondTV , but still unreliable - returned .6 . OnAirGT - Software is reliable and responsive . Only weakness I 've identified so far is that the scheduler is not sophisticated , e.g. like TiVo , on the other hand you do n't have to pay for it - I ordered another.Conclusion : The most important criteria is quality and reliability . OnAirGT was the only software/hardware I tried that was reliable and responsive . User interface is reminiscent of foobar2000 music player and VLC video player - not flashy or polished but works reliably and has the options I need . Its not designed to be a media slinger or media center , just allows you to watch/pause/record TV , which it does simply and well . In the beginning , I was hoping to use BeyondTV , or SageTV , so I could have a good software that would work with any tuners I acquired . Since I could not make either of these softwares work reliably , with any tuner , my hopes were dashed , and I opted for OnAirGT hardware and software , which works well all the time . I no longer question if a show that is scheduled to be recorded will be recorded , or if I 'll have to reboot in order to be able to watch TV , or finish the program I 'm watching , or get around a problem channel ... I use TitanTV to assist in program scheduling and after a long fiasco of dissappointment am mostly satisfied -LRB- there are a couple of minor annoyances that I 've learned to work around , which I would mention if I had more time ... as well as some features I 've discovered that made me smile : - -RRB-
 I 've tried several usb tuners and this one works the best . Great HDTV reception . It also has analog reception which is good because there are n't many over the air HDTV signals where I live yet . The supplied software is simple to use and works well but not allot of bells and whistles . This unit does n't seem to load the CPU as much as the others I 've tried .
 This device truly fit the bill . I was looking for a way to watch TV on my computer while I 'm away from home and this product really works . Included in the box is the OnAir GT itself , a small antenna , mini-B USB cable , S-video cable attachment , carrying pouch , and instruction manual.Setting it up was extremely easy but I 'd recommend forgoing the initial setup and going immediately to the company website to download the latest drivers/tuner program . It installed in minutes and before I knew it , it was up and running . The clarity is very good especially in digital and just outstanding in HD . More than this , it allows for recording of any content displayed and I was able to easily record the opening of the 2008 Olympics opening ceremony in all its HD glory . In addition , it allows for scheduling of future recordings and they can either be one-time deals or repeated occurrences . It has an Electronic Program Guide -LRB- EPG -RRB- that works well enough to display what 's immediately on in the future , but for week away recordings you will have to set it up manually . This comes in handy for those shows you want to catch but do n't have time to get it while it 's on TV . It will easily save them for later but beware that HD recordings -LRB- for this product and all others -RRB- is HDD intensive and creates very big files.Perhaps the best thing about this product is that it works on slower computers . My laptop is only a 1.7 Ghz Intel Celeron M , 1GB RAM , 400Mhz FSB , and 64MB video card machine . This product allowed me to watch TV without taxing my components or overheating my computer . This is one of the main reasons to get this instead of a Hauppage or similar product . -LRB- As a side note , check the company website to make sure your video card is supported . -RRB- Lastly , as I mentioned before , you have the ability to watch cable or OTA TV but you can also hook up a peripheral such as a game console , VCR , etc. by the composite or S-video cords that are included . I was able to play my slim PS2 successfully on my computer with no delay in responsiveness at all . This is probably one of the better ways to get a game console to be played on your computer , especially if you do not have video inputs on your PC.Overall , I am extremely satisfied with the product and its capabilities . The price is a bit steep but it is definitely worth it for watching TV -LRB- and acting as a DVR -RRB- or hooking up video peripherals .
 It was difficult for me to find a tv tuner for my laptop that did not require a much higher processing speed , dual core processor or windows media center software . I had tried a pinnacle product and it was crap . I just wanted to get my cable onto my laptop with HD channels included in a viewable state . I was very pleased with the GT after my experience with pinnacle . The antenna that was included actually managed to pick up most of the local HD channels , but none of the analog and you may need another antenna if not connecting to cable . I was able to schedule recordings and replay without a problem . I did not care that the program guide did not work because I always go to my comcast tv guide anyway . I only give this four instead of five because there was no instructions to go with using the software , although information is available on-line .
 This is a great product and the software is very stable . Like others have said , it will not work with either Media Center 2005 , or Vista Media Center because the software encoder for analog video is n't supported by microsoft . If you are looking for a hybrid tuner that works in Media Center I would suggest looking at the OnAir Creator , It has the same tuner and also has a hardware analog decoder that is supported by Media Center . I do n't know if it will work as a Digital Over the Air tuner in media center or not as I do n't get any over the air signals in my area . Media Center does not support QAM tuners so that option is out . I gave this 4 stars do to the lack of a full feature tivo like electronic program guide . Scheduling manual recordings is pretty simple , but you need to know what channel the program you want to record is on , and manually set the time for it as well . Even with the lack of a good EPG I would highly recommend this item , It has some of the most stable tuner software I have ever used , and they regularly update and improve it all the time . Add in the NVIDIA decoders and this really sets its self apart .
 I purchased this unit after doing exhaustive reasearch and found it to fit my needs for a tuner . Yes , it actually brought in crystal clear pictures as long as you are within range of the TV transmitter -LRB- s -RRB- . I live about 40 miles from the transmiter and To get a picture I had to use an external antenna which I placed as high as I could outside and received great pictures in digital , and even the analog pictures were generally good , although some snow was present on a few of the channels . I tried using the antenna that came with it for my test at 40 miles , but was unable to receive reception from that far away . I drove to Phoenix -LRB- close to transmitters -RRB- and tried the tuner with excellent results on my laptop . You sometimes need to scan for channels more than once to lock in all available channels . The software works okay , but could be better . I am pleased with this purchase and would buy it again if needed . This tuner costs more than other brands , but I feel it is well worth it . In this case you get what you pay for .
 The OnAir DTV receiver functioned as advertised after I installed it and I am very happy with the product.It is much better than what I had before which was the Artec T14 USB DTV receiver . I actually bought two of them
 I paired this product with an EEEBox PC running XP connected to my HD TV . It is able to decode all of the unencrypted QAM cable channels and the analog cable channels . I use it to watch TV as it replaced my HD cable box which costs $ 9/mo to ` rent ' . The record-scheduling works well and for digital channels , you can use the play-back buffer so you can pause and rewind . The play-back buffer does n't work for analog -LRB- you can only record analog unless you get the next model up of the receiver -RRB- . The EEEBox is a 1.6 GHz Intel Atom based PC with 1GB ram . It can keep up while recoding and displaying at 1920x1080 with this device . Rewinding and fast-forwarding with the play-back buffer is a little jumpy though ... probably because of the CPU demands . The remote does not have a great range -LRB- maybe 12ft -RRB- . In a larger room , you might want to program another remote to get more range.The downloaded drivers and SW seems to work w/o problems . The exception is that there is some contention with the scheduler and viewer if the the device 's USB port is changed . Make sure you do n't have anything scheduled to record -LRB- past or future -RRB- if you switch ports . I found the driver will throw an exception when the viewer 's channel is changed if you do this.The interface is n't as good as a DVR 's interface ... especially when using the remote . I would say it is adequate . If I would do it over again , I would still buy this product .
 It blew out my motherboards agp 8x slot , it is not video card a Raddeon 9550 because I put another Video card a HIS Radeon HD 3850 and I still does n't get any signal , it 's also not the Monitor or cable because I used my Compaqs ' Presario MV900 Monitor on both video cards , so its definitetly the motherboard.For now i am using my old and SLOW Compaq I 'll watch tv in the living room . The picture in HD Look execellente while it lasted .
 I just picked this one up and am very happy with it . used it with my nikon d70 . Yes it is slow , but takes great pics , sharp sharp sharp , and for the money it is very hard to beat it . Im very happy I found it in time for my recent vacation .
 This lens performance exceeds my exoectations . The price was much lower than other 100-400s . It focuses much quicker than my 28-300 and can follow flying model airplanes and get the shot every time . The only drawback , for me , is the barrel of the lens slides down when carrying .
 My daughter was graduating from graduate school and I wanted to be able to shoot a lot of long-range candids with my digital Nikon SLR . When pricing telephotos , the costs for most were just exorbitant but then I discovered Tokina . Now , any lower-cost telephoto will be less light efficient than much higher cost glass but under normal , daylight conditions , I was able to shoot some fantastic long range shots at good shutter speeds with some shots being taken well over 300 ' -LRB- a football field -RRB- away ! The slide body to zoom is super easy to use and the lens , itself , is not anywhere as heavy as my shorter telephoto ... which I ended up selling . The 100-400 zoom gave me that extra bit of ` umph ' I was looking for.The only `` complaint '' I have is that if you allow the camera to droop on its neck strap , the zoom body tends to slide down because gravity is pulling it . Still that was a minor issue . Dollar for dollar I am very satisfied with this brand of lens and it allowed me to take shots that I 'd never get with a shorter lens . If you are shooting sports events or other daylight shots , you 'll be happy with it , too .
 I picked this unit up to replace a Saitek A-100 system that had skyrocketed in price after I fried it due to a power adapter mismatch . Unlike the Saitek , this personal system comes with a power adapter -LRB- no identification on it , so it would be prudent to label the device it 's intended for -RRB- . The sound from its lightweight speakers is at least as `` present '' and loud as the Saitek unit , though bass frequencies are slightly more muffled . The Cyber Acoustics Portable is not quite as `` grip friendly '' as the Saitek 's narrow , flatter design , which is also lighter overall in weight when used with batteries , employing 4 AAA batteries as compared to the Cyber Acoustics ' 4 AAs . Nevertheless , the Cyber Acoustics Portable can slide into a jacket pocket with little problem other than excess wire -LRB- see below -RRB- . Even though the Cyber Acoustics comes with power adapter , it lacks the fold-out stand that made the Saitek relatively stable when used on a desk top . Especially when not weighted down by the 4 double-A batteries , the Cyber Acoustics is prone to tip over and move around on a flat surface with little provocation . Also , the power adapter pin does n't seat deeply or securely in the speaker unit , causing it to come loose with moderate movement of the speakers.The cable to the player is permanently attached to the speaker , which could save the frustration of searching for a misplaced mini-cable . The downside is that it 's a good 5 feet , more than you need -LRB- or want -RRB- when transporting the speaker with your iPod on walks around the block or when your player is in close proximity to the speaker . The excess cord requires some clever concealing on the part of the user . Also , I 'm not one to complain about overly bright `` power on '' lights , but this one , even though blue , is a potential migraine trigger , so best not to gaze at it.Overall , a good little speaker for the money . It 'll serve until Amazon Gold Boxes another Saitek A-100 .
 once you get the volume adjusted . This was better than a more expensive one I had purchased at the `` shack '' ! Was a grad gift - best part , you can use batteries or plug it in with the included adapter . Was afraid to buy as there were n't any comments so I thought I 'd throw in my two cents . It 's very light and I was pleaseantly surprised !
 These speakers really improve the sound of my computer and portable dvd player . I could n't be happier . I really like the fact that you can plug them in or use battery power .
 These speakers are excellent for the price and easy to use . It also comes with an adapter . I useit at work and am completely satisfied .
 Wonderful sound and very easy to use . The only recommendation would be to make the blue indicator light a little less bright . Very distracting at night ! Other than that I highly recommend this product . Great price for the sound quality . Sound output rivals my `` Wave '' radio .
 While looking for speakers to use with my new mp3 player , just about everything I found was either considerably more expensive that what I was looking for , or the sound was simply too weak -LRB- the problem I had with my previous speakers -RRB- . Eventually , I came upon this little wonder and decided to try it out since I saw nothing but good reviews for it -LRB- ignoring one review that only complains about customer service and not the device itself -RRB- . The only complaint I have about it is that I have trouble getting it to stand up without propping it up on something , but that 's hardly enough to cost it a star . It 's easy to setup since you can just straightaway plug it into a headphone jack , and the adjustable volume -LRB- very nice to have -RRB- is more than sufficient for the size of room I 've got it in . The battery requirement is a bit steep in my opinion , but it 's not really a problem for me since I only plan to use it at home where I can just plug it in anyway.Overall , I 'm very satisfied with this speaker , and I 'd recommend it to anyone looking for something cheap and effective .
 This is a very good item for the size and price . Good quality sound and nice small footprint . Works great with my 2nd desktop computer where I am crowded for space but still want decent audio . The only problem is it does not want to `` sit-up '' . Adding a rubber strip on the bottom might do the job .
 I bought this unit to add to my laptop . In the past i tried using a USB speaker but MS Vista did n't like that . This until uses a conventional headphone plug-in and thus avoids all the drive hassles . The ability to run on AA batteries was a plus for me ... also a plus is the external sound control . The sound is good -LRB- when compared to typical laptop speakers -RRB- for a 20 dollar until . The only small thing that annoyed me was the blue LED light is very bright ; that 's easy to fix .
 This is a personal player speaker that you do n't have to hold to your ear to hear . Powered by 4 AA batteries this unit has enough power to provide sound for a small group.On the down side it is just a little big for a pocket and the cable is attached and long . I am willing to put up with this for a more powerful unit.If you are looking for something louder this is it .
 I ordered these speakers for my 10 year old sons MP3 player . He wanted a way to listen to music other than ear buds . I researched others like this . This was reasonably priced & sound quality is pretty good for what it is . It does have an on/off switch with adjustable volume & comes with a carrying case . Also , you can use batteries or plug it in to the wall -LRB- cords in cluded -RRB- . I also used it to hook up to the computer to watch a movie ... it worked quite well . We like it & feel it was a great value !!
 Excellent merchandise and excelletnt shipping , a great shopping experience . Nice set of speakers , good for my daughters room .
 I like to take this and my mp3 out to the pool at night . Works great and easy to carry and set up . Plenty loud anywhere in the pool except underwater . Nice product .
 I was looking for something cheap to take to the beach and attach to my MP3 player . This fit the bill -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- , was light , and the volume went high enough without too much distortion . Just be realistic with your expectations ...
 Most laptop/portable speakers these days are USB powered . I very specifically did n't want that . I do a lot of memory-intensive PC work and having any extra devices initiating on USB can cause unpredictable problems . So I needed something that worked via the headphones port.This little set is great for so many reasons . Aside from the non-USB , you can choose between battery and AC power , so it 's very flexible . Because it 's a standard 3.5 mm cable , you can use it with your iPod , iPhone , MP3 player , etc. . That flexibility made it an ideal choice . The unit is lightweight , has a great travel pouch , and the sound quality is better than I expected in a unit this small.The only downside for me , and why I dropped a star on the rating , is that the unit 's balance is pretty precarious . It pretty much only balances on a completely level and stable surface . I usually wind up using it set on its back , rather than up on it 's miniscule balance point.Overall , it 's a great product and really meets my needs .
 I recently bought a road bike and have been getting into cycling more . I saw other people had sound systems rigged up and had an old mp3 player that I had n't used in a couple of years . I made sure that the player still worked then ordered this speaker . The results were awesome ! It 's light , small and sounds pretty good . I zip tied mine to my top cross bar - make sure you do not zip tie your brake line with it - it will affect your rear brake !!! What 's nice about having it on your cross bar is the easy access to the volume and on/off controls . My wife will probably get one for her bike now . Hope this review helps .
 This has good sound and does amplify the volume some , wish it had a little more volume .
 Tienen muy buen sonido para ser tan peque & ntilde ; as , Recomiendo este art&iacute;culo , es muy liviano y peque & ntilde ; o y de muy buena calidad .
 Speakers are n't bad at all !! . . I use it with my IPOD in my car since my car has no stereo . . It 's not the best but it 'll do . . I 'm satisfied with it . . Especially since I 'm not paying an arm & a leg for it . . I also use it at home with the cool ac adapter that comes with it . . The one thing that I did n't like was that it does n't have a stand but besides that it 's cool . .
 I read the reviews , and I did not expect exceptional sound for the price and size . I was very pleased with the sound . It came with an ac adapter which others did not . It also had a wire that fits into headphone jack , others you had to purchase seperatly . I ordered another one for my wife , she was impressed .
 You cant beat these speakers for the $ 20 price tag . Good sound , any little bit of distortion can be eliminated by adjusting the Eq on your mp3 player , along with the volumes on speaker and your mp3 unit . I have to agree with everyone else about the lack of a sturdy stand . I found that if you use the case and fold over one side and rest the speaker on the case you can adjust the direction of sound a bit better . It also seems to make the speakers sound a bit better -LRB- that part might be my imagination lol -RRB-
 I 've purchased close to a THOUSAND dollars ' worth of head sets , ear buds and earphones . If I 'd have purchased the Creative set first , I would have saved SOOO much money , AND would have had fabulous , crystal-clear sound and complete noise isolation from the moment mp3s were invented!Seriously , if you 're in the market for a serious sound , please do yourself a favor and try these first . I promise you , they are the best on the market . If you work out with your mp3 player , you 'll be very happy to know that these do not fall out ! And if you travel via subway , these will eliminate all that awful screaching and eardrum-piercing noise . Your mp3 thank you -- your ears will thank you -- your wallet will thank you !! compared to the ones I 've tried
 The sound of mid and treble is accurate but i think so it miss a little more from punch.Excellent isolations , good fit .
 Creative Zen Aurvana In-Ear Headphonesthese earphones are amazing they block out a great deal of outside noise and are very comfortable I love them
 These things are great . Once I put them in , the rest of the world goes silent . Great noise cancelling capabilities .
 Creative Zen Aurvana In-Ear HeadphonesThese little ear-buds have exceptional sound quality ! It is rare to find something that sound comparable to large bulky headphones in such a small unit .
 Excellent sound , much much much ... . better that the one that comes with any players , Zens or ipod.For those that have ever used safety earplugs in the industry , they feel like them and really isolate the noises.After that the sound is excellent compare to many others and amazon offers a very good price here.also good to have 3 sizes . 2 pairs of each + airplane adapter , case , cleaner , very good product .
 Have been using them for a week now.Incredible sound for the size . Bass is incredible ... . mids are accurate , highs are accurate . These are the way to go if you 're using an MP3 player . I use them with the Creative ZEN Vision M 30 -LRB- `` The Ipod killer '' -RRB- While walking , riding a bus or train in in N.Y.C. seals out external noise amazingly VERY WELL !!! Pros : Awesome accurate sound / Incredibly light / do n't protrude out of your ears / comes with `` 2 sets '' of three different sizes of silicone plugs / plugs are ultra soft , comfortable and fit perfectly / secure well built storage case / cleaning tool / barely uses battery power ! / Not the yup-tard WHITE COLOR ... . much cooler BLACK!Cons
 * Fit fit fit . Take your time and use the plug size that fits your ear best . I used the medium plug and was disappointed with the sound . After switching to the small , which allowed me to insert the units deeper into my ear canal , the sound improvement was astonishing . If you have not used in ear phones before , give yourself some time to adapt . The plugs that come with this unit are very soft and you should tolerate them well after a little familiarization . * Sound quality is very good . I had to crank up my Zen Vision M with the phones I previously used . With the Aurvanas I find a much lower volume is necessary . Use your eqalizer to adjust these to your liking . I prefer my music on the sweet side with lots of treble and medium bass . These handle that very nicely . * Sound isolation is excellent , with almost all low frequency sounds completely disappearing . Engine hum , highway traffic , etc are practically gone . The units will allow some high frequency sounds in , which is a plus if you are using these as a pedestrian and want to hear a car horn , ambulance , etc. * Appearance
 I 've used standard earbuds for going on 15 years . Some I have liked some I have n't . I started shopping for noise reduction earbuds to block out annoying office sounds . I have always been a fan of Creative and though it was more than I wanted to spend I decided to try them . They do block off all the office sounds I have arounded me , people now just come in my cube all the time . The sound quality is excellent compared to standard earbuds . They fit comfortably in my ears and come with many different sizes of switchable ear pieces . Work great with my Creative Zen M.I am very pleased with product . Just over priced for my wallet . Should be around $ 50.00 and I would have no problems .
 I received the Creative Aurvanas last night as a gift , and could n't wait to try them out today.This morning , after listening to about 3 or 4 songs , the sound was very narrow , no full sound at all . I thought I 'd probably have to return them , but then looked at the reviews here . The differences in posts was shocking , with many saying there was no bass -LRB- my experience -RRB- and others saying that the bass was incredible.I tried them again , but pushed them farther into the ear canal , and suddenly I had rich , full music , with loads of bass.During the day , I listened to all sorts of music
 I purchased these headphones at a great price , and they have great sound quality with great noice cancelling ability . Of course , not every single sound is muted completely as one might expect . They still do a fantastic job of keeping unwanted outside noices from affecting the wonderfull sound quality produced by these headphones . They work great at home , in the car , and when I cut the grass . They also can produce a lot of sound on low sound settings saving me battery life on my mp3 player . The only thing that may affect wether you would want these or not is the fact that they are in ear . If you do n't like in ear headphones for the fact that you can hear your movements at times , then these might not be for you . I personally think they are great , though !
 I am not an audiophile ; I am amazaed at what these ear-plug like headphones have done for my ipod . I had truely wished I had bought a Creative Zen M Vision , however these headphones have brought new life to my 5G iPod , litteraly.My first experience with this headphone was ecstatic . I was dumbfounded and could not help but flip through all the music I could , on my iPod , to hear things I had not heard on an MP3 player before.I can hear nuiance in my music that had not been there before . There is a clarity and richness I have never heard before . I had simply taken it for granted that an MP3 file would not sound as good as a CD . The only draw back is Bass , which does not seem to be as deep as with a panasonic inner ear headphone , I had previous to this . Also , the Bass seems to distort at times , though I am not sure if this is because of a lackluster MP3 file or a defincency in the design -LRB- I am leaning toward blaming the MP3 file -RRB- . The Bass issue does not bother me as much , I listen to Jazz , New Age , Pop , and Electronic Space Music . Within these genre I am `` taken care of '' with the distinct sound I get from the mid and upper range , and the Bass is sufficent in my space music to give depth perception.This purchase was made while salivating over a Creative Zen M , and resisting the urge to buy it , because I own an iPod . In the display was a box containing these headphones and I bought them instead of dishing out more money for another MP3 Player . Now , my iPod has become an audio device , instead of a Podcast-TV show updater as it had been used previously.Amazon definately has the better price point and often when I make these impulse buys I sign on to Amazon to find a better price than I had paid . The only problem is , immediate gratification , and the ability to return an item right away if it is defective or unimpressive.I hope this helps -
 These are an upgrade fro me from a pair of Sony EX51s -LRB- with which I was happy , but I wanted to leave them at work -RRB- . For the money , these are outstanding headphones.Sound : These headphones have a very consistent -LRB- and high -RRB- sensitivity across the full audible frequency range . Coupled with the high-quality sound reproduction done , this results in a very significant level of detail appearing in music that I 'd not noticed before -LRB- including through a pair of Sennheiser HD580s and a $ 5000 living room system -RRB- . I 've picked out instruments I 'd not noticed before , listened to some performers ' voices like I 'd never heard them before , and even picked out a voice-over that I 'd never noticed was there before.What these wo n't do , to respond to the favorable reviews of many other ear buds in this price range , is make you feel like you 've got your car 's pair of 15 '' subs coming along with you . These are probably not the bud for you if that 's what you 're looking for . The lows , however , are exactly where they should be -- where , as best I can tell , the producers and artists intended them to be.I tested them out of my Sound Blaster X-Fi using a mix of 320bit MP3s and FLAC . Artists ranged from Beethoven and Maria Callas to Dire Straits to Ladysmith Black Mambazo to Nighwish and Within Temptation to Darkwell -LRB- I do n't shy from bass -RRB- . Everything sounded exceptional.Design : These are very comfortable buds . Like most -LRB- if not all -RRB- , they come with three sizes of inserts , and the inserts stay on well . The angle -LRB- visible in the product image -RRB- is dead-on , at least for my ears . The cord feels solid , and it 's got a nice slider over the part where it is split for the ears so you can adjust how long the separated cords are.Other : Comes with a nice , sold case . Comes with a full extra set of ends . Comes with a little tool with a pick and a tiny wire hook that can be used to clean out inside the channels leading from the drivers . Comes with an adapter for use on an airplane 's dual 1/8 '' sockets . Only things it does n't come with -LRB- that I could think of it possibly coming with -RRB- are a cable extension and a 1/4 '' adapter . Very well thought out .
 I did not acquire these through Amazon , but rather through the local Circuit City for $ 70 . Previously I had the Shure e2c 's which I bought in Switzerland for much more than I would in the US . They have worn out , and so I was in need for a replacement pair of higher-end in-ear headphones . These won out because Circuit City constantly seems to be going out of buisiness , and they had the Aurvana 's on sale , and I picked them up instead of the Bose in-ear headphones . It was important to me to have a small straight iPod-style 3.5 mm jack , rather than the older ` L' style . I plan on using these headphones travelling , as well as with my BlackBerry 8130 . I must say that compared to the e2C 's , the bass is much less satisfactory . Having owned the Shure 's , I am familiar with the need for an air-tight seal for bass response , and regardless I have yet to see these perform to their boasted abilities . I have not noticed the dual drivers contained within.Nevertheless , these headphones are perfect for travelling because of the snappy case included , the flight adapter , and the shorter cord . The actual cord is much thinner than my e2c 's and I do n't feel like i 'm tying myself up with them . Also , they are easier to get in your ears , and you do n't have to make a scene ` screwing ' them into your ears . They simply just pop in , and after a minimal adjustment , are perfect.If you can find these for a reasonable price , they are a good deal because of the included extras
 These are wonderful head phones that offer some sound reduction and excellant music sound from you computer , MP3 player , etc. . Very competitive price as compared to some other products in the market .
 I am very happy with these earphones , so much so that I bought myself a second pair for use at the office . They passively block tons of outside noise allowing you to enjoy the great sound quality without deafing volume levels . Simply put I was blown away when I bought these because I had never heard so much detail and clarity in my music.I use the headphones on average between .5 -4 hrs a day , for the last year , and I now own two pairsAnother great positive is the they are not white , so you do not look like all the lemmings , with their standard issue white ipod headphonesI only have two complaints :1 . If the cord rubs against your clothing or jacket zipper when walking or other activity , a fair amount of noise can be transmited to ear -LRB- this is like the old can and string telephone action -RRB- this can be annoying but generally ticking up the volume a notch or two will take care of this problem .2 . The headphones are so good that I can not plug into any of the cardio machines at my gym , because they simply two loud using these headphone jacks , so if I want to listen to TV I have to bring my old crappy headphones .
 Very nice ear-buds . Sound good . Can play music at much lower levels than the ear-buds that come with an iPod .
 The Creative Zen Aurvana has great quality and noise reduction . It fits nicely in your ear . The purchase was easy and delivered on time .
 If you are looking for a small set of earphones with outstanding sound this is it ! There is no need to spend $ 100 to $ 400 on top of the line earphones , these sound incredible , you will not be disappointed , I promise . My friend has the top of the line Sure -LRB- $ 400 -RRB- and they do sound great but my Zen Aurvana sounds just as good . As you can tell , I 'm very happy that I bought them .
 The Aurvana Headphones are a great addition to my Zen Sleek mp3 player . The sound quality is far superior to that of other In-Ear headphones that I 've tried , namely Sony and even worse , the new Bose In-Ear Headphones . My only complaint is that the volume is not as loud as the original headphones that come standard with the Zen Sleek but the Aurvana does an outstanding job of blocking out all background noises so you only hear the music ! That 's a pretty fair trade-off .
 Beautiful sound , no , AMAZING sound . However , for nearly $ 100 , this product just did n't last long enough . --------- EDIT
 Got these puppies a couple of months ago and they 've changed everything about listening to audio via headphones . First of all they do n't cause any pain , which is a major departure from the usual earbuds . Second , they sound fantastic . Some people attribute the rather uninvolving sound of MP3s to their lossy encoding . My take is that their headphones are causing most of the loss . The Aurvana 's fix that . And last , they seal your ear canals , blocking 90 % of environmental noise , which is most welcome during air travel . So get a pair ASAP !
 I just bought these for a flight , after deciding that a pair of around-the ear noise cancelling phones would be a hassle to carry . These isolate the wearer from the surrounding noise OK and the music is pretty clear . They definitely outperform my Sony MDR-V150 's sound-wise . So far , comfort feels usable for a four-hour flight . The set comes with 2 pair of ear inserts in three sizes . The 2 `` x3 '' hard plastic case fits in a shirt pocket.The only downside I have noticed is that the carry case contains no space to hold the airplane adapter .
 I 've never paid this much for a pair of earbuds . I purchased a $ 30 pair of Sony earbuds , and the difference in sound quality between those and the ZENs is very noticeable . I have a ZEN Microphoto , and I was impressed with the quality of that , so I went with another Creative product . I 'm not disappointed . It 's important to note that ALL earbud-type of headphones require them to be seated properly in the ear canal in order to get full audio quality . These are no different . The first thing I noticed is that I have reduced the volume on my player , and have turned the extra bass OFF ; there 's no need for it with these . I highly recommend this product .
 The Goods
 These headphones have terrific sound quality and an excellent fit , all within a very great price point.I know , beginning and ending a review with just that one line would n't be sufficient ... so I 'll elaborate.There are two categories in which I judge headphones
 I have been through several sets of earphones in my life and I will say that for the money these have really good sound . They fit comfortably in the ear and they do block most of the external noise . My only real grip is that they should put the plug at a 90 degree angle so it does n't stick straight out in harms way . I use it on a Creative Zen player and I would think it would be obvious to the same maker that it should be thus . I have another set of cheaper earphones that do n't sound anywhere near this good or block out the noise but it has a 90 degree plug in which I dearly miss . Other than that though they are good earphones.Now do n't misunderstand they do n't sound as good as a pair of $ 450 shures but then they do n't cost $ 450 so you should n't expect that . I think they sound appropriate for nearly $ 100 . Good base , good trebles , plenty of volume even for the hearing impaired . I would recommend them . They come with a little case that I do n't use but I suppose I should to protect them when not in use . I do n't carry backpack or a purse or attache case I can keep the case in . So the player and earphones usually reside in my pocket . Another reason for the 90 degree plug . Have I griped enough about that yet ?
 These are solid headphones that work with the Generation 1 iPhone . They block 90 % of background noise . My only complaint is that what I use them outside jogging or roller blading they block the noise so well that I can hear the vibrations of my feet hitting the ground .
 We have four of these handhelds where I work , on ocean-going tug/barge units . They 're about 2 years old now and have taken a good hard licking through all four seasons , in every kind of precipitation imaginable , at least several hours of operation a day , being dropped at least once per use , and have held up great . The only problem I can tell is that the belt clip broke off on one after being dropped for the umpteenth time , and thats not very significant at all . We use the optional remote mics exclusively and they tend to send groggy transmissions when wet , but easily solved by a sandwich baggy and a rubber band . Have had to replace a few of those , again for their having been dropped one too many times , but thats another review . The button layout is pretty straight forward , any deckhand could decipher how to use it without problems . Button locking feature comes in handy , find that you will always inadvertently change something without it when slipping it into you back pocket . We do n't really use any of the more indepth features , so I ca n't really comment on those , but from experience it is a workhorse in all kinds of weather even in drenching rain , pretty much akin to being submerged .
 This radio was recommended by a co-worker who is into amateur radio and works around ships . I bought one for use on the water as well , and like the fact that it can take 40 user programmable channels . Note that programming requires a cable and software from Vertex/Standard Horizon . This is readily available and can be done by anyone with computer and radio skills . I like that it is a nice and heavy unit , with great battery life and large display . Unit will use most accessories from the VX-170 2 meter handheld . This includes the programming cable -LRB- also used on the VX-7R -RRB- , microphones and battery packs . The antenna on this radio is short and does not get in the way . Great to have on small pleasure craft or for commercial use . Puts out enough power to be heard and has great audio . It would have got a fifth star from me if it did n't require software and a computer to program . I prefer full DTMF keypads and programming capability . Ca n't fault the easy to use layout though .
 This radio is rugged and waterproof . It is easy to program * with 2 meter or other additional VHF frequencies . It can do repeater splits and tones . The battery lasts a long time . You can specify narrow bad FM to use this as a MURS radio , although it is technically illegal to do so . It can also do CAP and various public service frequencies . Note you need a computer to do this . There is no setting a frequency on the fly from the radio itself like you can with a ham rig . It comes with an alkaline battery tray accessory . Spare batteries are cheap.That is the good.The bad : It seems far more prone to intermod than my Icom handheld . You have to turn the squelch way up in some locations . I totally HATE the swivel holder thing that goes on your belt . A major PITA to get the thing on and off . Also the radio has no wrist strap . I like to wear this radio while sailing as cheap insurance for going overboard and these things make it less useful and more likely to be dropped . I will likely invest in some kind of holster for it . * You need the OFFICIAL software from Standard-Horizon . The numerous web references to various ham radio programs that should also work on this radio are WRONG . I got a kindly tech to email me the software for free by calling : -RRB-
 I purchased this transceiver two years ago to replace an older horizon that I was happy with but that had experienced battery problems . This radio does everything well
 This radio is built tough . Very heavy but solid design and waterproof.Easy to understand controls . I like this radio to monitor ship to shore.Have not tried to transmit yet . But overall great radio .
 small , lightweight , -LRB- for what it packs -RRB- this is the top of the line in marine talkies , crystal clear , and ruggard , it charges quickly and looks to be practially indestructible . a great buy !
 I am very satisfied with this product . It gives me the information I need and also gives me a sense of security .
 I purchased the Garmin Zumo 550 and installed it on my Honda VTX 1300 . The installation was very easy and the left handed function works very well . First trip took me directly to the address I wanted with no problems . Diplay is easy to read in all lighting . Device is easily moved from bike to car . Only suggestion I recommend is to purchase the key lock for the mount for the motorcycle handle bars . Really enjoy the speed , direction and milage the unit displays while traveling . Audio in the car mount it excellent .
 I 've only had 2 problems . # 1 - it had locked up on me once . I think It was my fault . I placed it on and off the bike then shut it down before it completed it 's loading . I just PRESSED & HELD DOWN the + button and the POWER BUTTON at the same time . It rebooted -LRB- like a computer -RRB- . It never happened again . # 2 - the maps are about 95 % - meaning they seem to be somewhat outdated . But , all in all , I ca n't live or shall I say I 'll never live without one . Members are getting them ... one at a time . GWRRA BATESVILLE ARKANSAS www.gwrra-ar-h.org
 This unit rocks . I have never been so ippressed with a product like this before . Garmin even has a free update to the latest maps for new purchasers . I highly recommend this unit for anyone looking for a dockable unit for their motorcycle and car .
 Great product-Pros
 I bought the Zumo 550 for a trip I made from Utah to Panama and back again . So it was brand new when I left . The Zumo clamps in the mount and can be easily taken out at the end of the day so no one makes off with it . A nice feature to have . When you take it off there is a small rubber cover that you can flip over the electrical contacts , so they do n't get wet if it rains.After about 2 weeks of riding the rubber piece had failed . Quickly rotting through from the sun . I guess the guys at Garmin thought I was going to be riding inside . It was annoying having to always remember where that piece was so I could protect the electrical bits , and eventually I lost it . For the next few months I had to remember to wrap a plastic bag around the mount at night because of all the rain.Sometimes I forgot -LRB- I was riding for 3 months -RRB- and the mount became corroded . Forcing me to charge the Zumo with my laptop at night since I could no longer run it off the bikes battery . The battery only last 's about 4 hours leaving me to navigate with the paper maps I had after that.Other than the weak mount the Zumo was great . I rode over 13,000 miles through 9 different countries , and she kept me on the right track . Wish they had some better GPS maps for down that way , but the Zumo helped a lot.To see where the Zumo took me check out : www.half-throttle.com
 This item works well and is easy to operate . Just a couple of reservations . When hooking up to the existing Goldwing audio by an auxiliary lead , the connection is not waterproof . The lock down by special tamper proof screw -LRB- special screwdriver supplied -RRB- does not prevent unit being easily stolen as it can be detached from the Ram Mount by a thumb screw . While the Unit can be pass word protected and useless to any one if stolen it does not replace the GPS .
 I used my Zumo 550 this past weekend to find and attend a Veteran 's Rally in Cripple Creek , CO. . I had paired it with my Sena SMH10 bluetooth helmet headset . It worked great ! The initial setup was easy , made easier by the free step-by-step video they provide . The only minor glitch I noticed was a aperiodic , slightly annoying click on the headsets when we were between waypoints . The voice and directions were in American English -LRB- unlike my auto TomTom that uses British terminology even for the American English preference -RRB- . Although I thought I knew which way I was going for the first part of the route , the GPS directions actually took me on a shortcut that I did n't know about and saved me about 5 miles of riding in congested traffic on the way to the event . I was traveling in the mountains up to 10,000 feet altitude and never lost service . I had n't had it mounted yet and just stuck it in my jacket pocket but it worked like a charm anyway . I was riding alone so I 'm not sure if my wife will be able to hear on her headset when we are riding 2-up but it 's still nice to know we 'll get where we 're going in record time . I was even able to save the route for next year 's rally . I have n't tried any of the more extensive pre-planning features but look forward to using them for more extended trips . I noticed that the battery power was down to about 2/3 on a what was essentially 3.5 day trip so I 'll make sure I also have the power hookup installed when I get it mounted to make sure I have service for longer trips . I highly recommend this GPS unit for anyone looking for a bluetooth headset GPS .
 I 've been using the Zumo 550 on my motorcycle -LRB- Yamaha FJR1300 -RRB- for about a month now and am very pleased with the performance and ease of use . Very user friendly and a quick learn . I have it tied to my Autocom AVI pro unit and it gives very clear audio and better sterio Mp3 sound than my little Zen Mp3 player did when it was tied to the Autocom . I did find that it did n't recognize a 4 year old , paved , back-road I often travel in northern Calif. -LRB- between LaPorte and Quincy -RRB- but will see if there are mapping updates available to rectify this . The Mapsource Software is not as user friendly as the MicroSoft Streets and Trips I am used to but maybe with more practice I 'll become more profficient with it ? . I have used the coordinate search tool with the software and it is very neat . Overall , this is a very nice GPS and with more practice , I know I 'm going to like it even more .
 I love the navagation screen . The 3d effect allows me to quickly determine where I 'm going . The satallite radio is the best ! Rode 800 miles listening to weather and non-stop music . Love the MP3 player as well , although found out that songs purchased on itunes wo n't play on it . The only real complaint I have is that the unit needs to be placed in the cradle perfectly and the contacts completely dust free or it thinks it should run on battery power thereby disabling the audio . The motocycle mount is a little vibration prone adding some static to the audio . This on a 2007 BMW K1200 GT , a pretty smooth bike . I made some vibration isolators out of medical tubing and that fixed the problem .
 What a great tool for relieving STRESS . StressBuster ... recently traveling through Washington d.C. in my car , it got me where i wanted to be , with out missing a beat ... normally a trip into D.C. nightmare convoluted streets has me cussin and talking to myself , first trip into with my new ZUMO ... never leave home without it . Does everything it supposed to ... super clear display , exactly accurate . One of the best things I ever purchased . Get it , it 's GREAT . Looks like amazon has teh best price too . I did n't pay anywhere near list from another supplier , when it was n't on amazon when i ordered it back in Oct 06 ' it was BO for a long time from other supplier , now it looks like Garmin has em out there , it 's a great product . If I waited till amazon got it , I would n't have had it when i needed it , so the extra $ 40 i paid , was worth the stress releif , it 's incredilbe tool .
 I bought this unit in June 2007 for motorcycle touring and have not been disappointed ! I use the XM radio feature to make those long trips more pleasant and the cell phone integration via Bluetooth with my J&M ; communications sound system on the bike work well , although that requires a Zumo adapter from J&M ; if you want to talk on the phone through the helmet headset Mic , but the adapter is not needed just to listen to phone messages . All mounting hardware is included for BOTH bike and car ! Easy to update firmware and software via a USB cable and a PC . Also has an MP3 player ! The XM weather feature is NOT real-time radar or weather mapping as in some other models ! You get current temperature and forecast , but not Doppler radar . If you want real-time weather radar , etc. . . this will not display it . That saves some serious $ $ $ though on an XM weather subscription package!However , the XM radio with the XM Traffic service is relatively inexpensive and is great ! The only negative is that to use the XM features , one must also purchase the very expensive GXM antenna . I use the GXM-30 . It works flawlessly , but good gosh ... why could n't they simply incorporate the small cheap XM antenna for those happy with just XM radio?Rugged and dependable . I 'm satisfied with mine !
 This is my second motorcycle GPS and it definitely comes much closer to perfect than my previous one . I bought this model for Bluetooth and I have to say that function works perfectly . Combined with the interphone motorcycle headset it is the perfect combination . Listen to music , GPS instructions and even phone calls while you ride . Your phone book loads into it and you can add a SD card for music . As a GPS it functions well allowing you to create routes which are really nice for motorcycles . As advertised , it works with a glove on which is very handy . The only negative is once on a route , if you go off , you can not tell it which via point to go to next , it guesses , and sometimes it guesses wrong . Other than that , I highly recommend it .
 A bit pricey but loaded with features and versatility . I am happy with all aspects of this unit except the XM radio . I have not tried it because the antenna price is crazy . Other than than it works like a Garmin should .
 I use the Zumo 550 on several motorcycles , and even my car . When on the motorcycles , I use the EdSets helmet headsets and their specialized Zumo cable so I can ride with voice prompts , MP3 music , XM Radio and even my Blackberry cell phone paired with it . The coolest feature is that it gets my address book from the Blackberry and makes it available for TOUCH SCREEN DIALING , and with the EdSets headset from edsets.com , and their cable , I 'm making calls , listening to music and voice navigation prompts , all inside my helmet . How cool is that ?
 The Garmin 550 is a excellent GPS unit and I am very satisfied with it.This is my first but after doing some home work on gps units , this was my only choice . If you are a biker like me , this is the unit that is the most versital . Being water proof and vibration proof and having the ability to put mp3 songs and poi 's on the external memory card is a great plus . Garmin makes a excellent product and would not hestitate to purchase another one .
 If you are a motorcyclist looking for a gps , this one is tops . iPhone easy to use right out of the box .
 This Zumo 550 was a gift I purchased for my husband . He is thrilled with the Zumo . From the minute he turned the Zumo on , it has worked beautifully . This little gadget does so much ... we 're still amazed with the flexibility of this unit . It works great on his bike -LRB- Harley Ultra -RRB- and easily goes from bike to vehicle in only a few seconds . Have n't purchased the XM antenna yet , but have been very pleased with the Zumo 550 .
 This GPS Was great while it lasted . I loved the bluetooth feature which allows it to be wireless . You can use your phone , listen to mp3 music and more , all hands free ! It is a little hard to find a good headset that fits into a closed faced helmet though.I used the Zumo on its first trip and really got spoiled after years of pulling out the maps and glasses to see where I was or was n't going.The Zumo comes with nice software . I do wish that the manual was in pamplet form though , It is only on a CD so you always have to go to your computer when you have a question on how to work some phase of it.For the Zumo 's second and last trip ... my son borrowed it for a 1600 run which was cut short by him skidding his motorcycle off a mountain road . My son 's life was spaired by a tree stoping him at cliffs edge but my Garmin and his brand new motorcycle are at the bottom of a canyon , 2000 ft. down , and will never be seen by man again.I am now saving for another Garmin Zumo 550 GPS . I plan to buy it the day my son can walk again . So it is a very important purchase for me that I ca n't wait to be able to make .
 I own two vehicles with factory installed GPS systems . Both are over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- options but work great . The Zumo 550 holds it own in a car . with the factory models plus it works great on my motorcycle . Blue Tooth connection to my phone and headset were as simple as paring the devices . Neither were listed on the web site as tested models but both are full featured . It 's everything I was looking for and it 's portable/transferable .
 watch-out , the xm on this is not bluetooth , in other-words if you want to hear the xm on this you will need to connect to your base with wires.I called garmin and the `` slow '' tech says that xm signal is too big for bluetooth . As if I 'm asking our `` slow '' friends to stream bluetooth . according to garmin tech its not possible.well what you have to do is get the jabra A120s which then you connect to your base 's audio out and then you pair the jabra A120s to your bluetooth stereo headset , and now you can hear everything in bluetooth including xm.I guess what can be done with the jabra bluetooth adapter -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- stupid garmin could not do with their $ 1000 product.other then that everything else is great , ofcourse now the problem is that the jabra A120s is for music and not phone calls so your zumo can show you your calls but you ca n't talk to them . $ 1000 product and you have to not only spend more money but you will have to chose between phone or xm if you want to stay wireless.thx for nothing garmin , I thought garmin was a respectable company : -LRB- gave it 4 stars because aside from the xm I have no complains.but I give garmin themselves 0 zero stars for false advertisement/mis-advertisment .
 First , I am a motorcycle guy and have 2 Garmin GPS units . I do not have this Zumo 550 entirely because of the price . I am not poor and could easily afford it but can not justify the price . I see that Garmin has been very successful in their marketing and have maintained their high price for this item . I have been following this Zumo for several years now . My solution is I bought the Garmin 270 -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- , and a handle bar mount for under $ 20 and made my own wire harness . I have always had a 2 conductor pigtail off my battery so I could charge it without taking off the cover.Note
 Lo compre porque me lo recomendaron , pero es mucho mas que un solo GPS , es todo un sistema de navegacion multimedia , dise & ntilde ; ado y pesando para motociclistas.Amigos , si pueden haganse de uno , no se van a arrepentir
 The navigator itself works wonderfully . I could n't be more satisfied with the performance . The directions have been very good and the text to voice has very clear pronounciations . The manual is another story . Most of what I 've learned with regard to operation of the device has been by trial and error . This biggest headache I had was getting the device to give me voice navigation prompts to my headset with bluetooth . Eventually , I noticed that there was an audio button in the bluetooth settings and this allowed me to set it up correctly . There is nothing in the manual about the audio button . The manual is next to useless .
 I travel a lot on my motorcycle , and often to out-of-state locations that I have n't traveled to before . And I enjoy listening to music when I travel , so the Garmin Zumo seemed like a perfect choice . GPS and XM combined specifically for a motorcycle . Delivery was prompt , though the shipper called and advised that they would be delivering it `` between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. '' and that it had to be signed for ... Yeah , Thanks ... . Another day off from work ... The unit came with two mounting options , which was nice . The Ram mount worked perfectly on my Harley . Running the wires was n't too problematic . GPS worked well , which is to be expected with a Garmin unit.Now the downside . As I said above , the XM feature was one of the reasons I bought this unit . A typical XM antenna -LRB- not included in the purchase of the unit -RRB- costs around $ 30 at Walmart . Imagine my surprise to find out the proprietary Garmin XM antenna retails for $ 200 + . This was an unpleasant surprise ... I did find a refurbished one on Ebay for $ 140 and it is working fine so far . Also , the antenna was huge by XM standards . About 3 inches in diameter . Not a problem for a car , but mounting it on the motorcycle was a challenge . Finally mounted it behind the rider 's seat.Also , the unit did not recognize the SD card and thus I could not load MP3 's . Amazon promptly and courteously replaced the unit and everything is working fine now . Oh , and the unit will play MP3 ONLY . No windows media . Just be advised ... All in all , a good unit and I 'm happy with the purchase .
 The Garmin Zumo 550 GPS is a terrific machine , Easy to use , very viewable in daylight . I use it on my Harley Davidson and plot my route on my computer . All back roads ! . I have used Garmin GPS 's on my boats for years and would not buy another brand as Garmin have performed very well under all conditions.I would recommend this unit to any Motorcycle riders looking for a GPS.The Price through Amazon was by far the mosr reasonable . Vince Macaluso
 Amazon and the product are great . However , if you need help from Garmin , good luck . I called several times and never was able to get passed the PLEASE WAIT on the automated phone message . Tried all day . Went on the internet and found other Garmin phone numbers with no success .
 Awesome product , easy to learn to use , and even easier to use on the motorcycle even when moving . Why did I wait so long to get my Zumo 550 ! Oh yeah , the price . Anyway , It was worth it , I do n't regret it .
 Would have given 5 stars if the Zumo had n't stopped working a week after I bought it , yep I said stopped working ! I was gon na get really pissed but then called the tech help number and the girl on the other end was very helpful and got me going again in no time . Still not sure what happened but it has n't happened since and as long as the GPS is working I love it !!! Takes care of all my needs on the bike as well as in the car . Wish it was n't priced so high , but none the less I would recommend it highly !
 after i got zumo550 on my motorcycle , i subscribed xm radio.but i could not hear sound through my bluetooth.i can hear only mp3.i called xm few times , seems to me they are not much knows about zumosystem . the guy told me i need buy extra fm radio to listen xm radiothrough my bluetooth.i called garmin , they said to me if i want a use xm radio through myzumo550 , i need regular head set to plug into audio out let at zumo.i really need help to solve this problem.reason i like zumo , cause had a bluetooth , on motorcycle you can not havea too many wires.is anyone has a same problem ?? please write to me your advise .
 Great product that has worked flawlessly so far . It 's heavier than I thought it would be . It 's not something you can toss in your pocket easliy when you have to leave your motorcycle .
 The product was great and worked really well . Good mounting options and ruggedly built !! My only complaint was this unit had old maps on it and appears to have been previously sold as some of the packaging had scotch tape over cut holes . There were no issues to the functionality and for the price I paid it was worth it tho I had expected to get a new out of the box unit buying it from Amazon .
 Very , very good !! Easy to intall and set up.The bluetooth conection is great.Complete with all you need.Congratulations Garmin !
 I am very happy with this GPS unit and the accessories that were included with it . Delivery was very quick and everything was as advertised . Installation was very easy and the only thing left to do is install the power cord on my motorcycle to be able to charge the unit while I 'm riding .
 The Zumo works great . It 's well built , water proof and easy to use . I was able to down load a route like I wanted and it followed it to a tee -LRB- you have to set it to `` Off Road '' mode -RRB- . The fuel gage is nice to have it gives you a heads up before the low fuel light comes on . I wish it would show the speed limit like my Nuvi does . I would recommend it and I would buy another one .
 Onlybflaw has been integrating sound with Blink blue tooth system . Garment has made a very nice - yet pricey portable nav system . Others compliment it 's looks and functionalities
 My second Zumo was purchased for a second motorcycle and I did not want to just switch it from bike to bike , although that would have been a bit less costly.That said , the Zumo 550 is the best alround unit for motorcycles , especially BMW models as they come prewired for the Zumo if you buy the BMW version . I did not on my second round as it was less expensive and offered more options for installation . The amount of accessories that come with the unit make it a steal at Amazon 's lowest price but I did get a defective unit on this second purchase . The factor support is second to none though and in days of discovering the unit was defective -LRB- battery system was inoperative -RRB- they had a new for new exchange and all I was out of pocket was shipping back . They paid to ship the replacement . Seemed fair for a bargain purchase through Amazon.By the time you buy the car set up and the mounting hardware as well as wall chargers and all the other gadgets to make switching the old unit between car and two bikes it truly was a bargain to just buy a second unit , all of which comes in the box at about half what I paid for the BMW version at a BMW dealer.I would recommend this unit for any and all who want the best blue tooth capable GPS and it works well with Scala wireless headsets as well . Do not play with the easily used touch screen while riding , it will get you in trouble .
 After several years of analysis paralysis over which GPS unit to purchase for use on my motorcycles I decided on the Garmin Zumo 550 . Did I make a good choice ? Totally ! I 'll start with the good stuff . The unit comes with everything you need right out of the box . So all you need to do is mount the unit with the awesome RAM mount kit . Let me just say this ; if you own a bike you know what a pain in the ass it can be to mount things like this . The first mount was on my Yamaha XT 225 . All I had to do was invest in a pair of longer bolts so that I could mount the base on top of one of the handlebar clamps - done and done ! The second mount was on my Harley Fatboy . This was also made quite easy with the purchase of the RAM U-channel clamp base . After mounting the unit on the bike I powered it up . The satellite signal acquisition is fast and very reliable - unlike 10 years ago . The Zumo 's screen menu system is very intuitive and takes little time to master . The screen although not as big as most newer units is easy to view and the brightness settings are more then adequate for visibility in a variety of lighting conditions . The unit is also very rugged -LRB- however , I have not dropped it on the ground yet -RRB- it handled a day at the off road park and the subsequent ride home in the rain . Now for the not so good stuff . Most motorcycles do not have clocks on them . I was pretty disappointed that there is not a clock on every screen - this seems like a no brainer and not a big deal to accomplish . The map that comes with the unit is old mine had a date of 2008 . Even after updating the unit online I noticed that many of the services i.e. gas stations , restaurants etc. are out of date . Not a huge deal unless you are running out of gas and the only station it points you to has long since gone out of business . The maps available on the Garmin site are fairly pricey . Which is hard to swallow after paying nearly $ 600 for the Zumo . I have not used the routing features very much because I do n't trust a machine to tell me how to get somewhere . The robot voice is also not very pleasant.All in all I would recommend this product . It is pricey . But getting lost can be even costlier !
 I reviewed the various Garmin Zumo GPS systems available . I wanted waterproof and durable . The Zumo 550 is hunky , seems durable and is relatively easy to use . This is my first GPS and I had very little previous experience . I find it fairly easy to use . I paired it with my phone and head set on a recent trip and I received and made phone calls . I located my hotels and places to eat . I am happy with it . It came with mounting hardware for both my bike and my truck . The bike installation was relatively easy if you are skilled at working on your bike . It does not have a speaker so you need a headset on the bike but the speaker is built into the auto mount . I believe it to be a good buy . I am looking forward to programming my next route ahead of time . I will have to work on that .
 I 've used it several times and found it to be all that I wished for . It 's clear and easy to read on the motorcycle and works just as well in the car . Of course the price is always an issue but the fact that it works well helps ease the pain .
 I was planning over a 3,000 mile motorcycle trip to many states I 've never been through before . Not wanting to take an entire set of maps with me I decided to purchase the Garmin Zumo 550 GPS , and it worked GREAT ! This is my first GPS , and first real experience with them , and everything has worked just as promised . It worked great with gloves , navigating through the menu 's is very easy . The hardware to hook it up to my motorcycle worked flawless . On my trip I ended up riding through 2-1/2 days of mostly solid rain , so I got to test out the unit 's waterproofness . And it performed great through the `` monsoons '' . All the information it gives you on trips is also very valuable . Odometer , running time , stopping time , average and top speeds , elevations , compass , etc , etc. . On a motorcycle it is impossible to review maps while driving , and this eliminated the need to pull over and review maps to find out where to go . I am 100 % pleased with the unit ! Highly recommended !
 Just used this unit to plan an ride a 2400 mile trip all over Oregon and California . Found it to very accurate and easy to use both on and off the bike . Love the tracking feature - I 'll be using that alot to save new ride routes . Now I can map using Google maps/Earth too ! I am very please with the fit and finish of the unit and it comes will all the extra hadware that use need to mount on your bike or in your car . Yes , it 's not the cheapest BUT the user interface and rich feature set put it heads and shoulders above other units I 've owned or tried .
 Have never owned a GPS before , have borrowed a few . Needed one that could handle the severe vibrations of my Harley all cammed up and all that it is . Read other reviews and decided on this . I opted for the H.D. Fairing mount over the handle bar mount that came with it , however if it 'd been clear in description that it came with the handlebar mount I might have at least tried it before drilling holes in the fairing . Am happy with it though , minimun vibration and very secure . Anyway , only beef w/550 is the lane change technology could be better . It works very well , and only had an address off location a couple of times . But even then close enough to see visually . Very happy and would recommend to any serious traveler !
 What can I say that has n't already been said ?? This unit is zoot , a perfect 10 . If you get lost easy , -LRB- like me -RRB- , this is the answer to your prayers . Not only does it tell you where you are , it will tell you where to go , something I usually depend on my wife to do . Seriously , low on gas , this Bad Boy tells you the closest petrol station , hungry ? Again it list the ethnic types , -LRB- Chinese , Japanese , Mexican , etc. -RRB- fast food joints , steak houses , etc. , and it tells you not only how far away , but how to get there . Like I said-ZOOT ! There are so many features , it will keep you entertained for weeks . All that and yet at the same time the basic features are simple for even a HS dropout like me to use . If you want nothing but the best then look no farther , you have arrived .
 The apparent quality of the Zumo is high . I was surprised that it ignores time zones in navigation . It gives navigation eta in the home time zone instead of in the time zone of the destination . This takes some getting used to.The MapSource software seems to allow sending only one route at a time to the GPS . Either that , or sending routes overwrites the previously sent routes . I ended up disconnecting the GPS after each route sent to import the route before the next send could delete it . Operator error ? Once a route is imported , it remains in the list of routes to be imported . Odd that it does n't clear them once they 've been imported ? It would be more convenient and intuitive if the list of routes to be imported showed only those that had been sent from the computer but not yet imported.The touch screen control is very convenient and it is large enough that I can use the Zumo without having to ride with my bifocals on . It comes with mounts for a car and a motorcycle . The car mount is completely portable , needing only a windshield for the suction cup and a cigarette lighter for power . The motorcycle mount is wired to the bike , so moving the unit to another bike requires another installation . I am happy that the included maps cover Canada and Alaska . Mexico maps are available.With MP3 music on an 8G SDHC card , I was playing music on a 400-mile trip -LRB- auto , not bike -RRB- . After several hours , when I tried to change the music selection , it reported `` no book selected . '' Pretty unfriendly . That was the end of my music for that trip . Navigation continued to work . It 's possible that I touched the screen in the wrong place ? After I did a reset , the unit was again able to see the music files . Now , I can scroll between music , XM menu , and `` no book selected '' by hitting the `` Source '' button . It 's possible that all I needed to do on my trip was hit the `` Source '' button a few more times , but I seem to recall trying that without success.I am looking forward to being able to navigate to the next gas station , restaurant , etc. , especially in Alaska and the Yukon using the POI database that 's included.While many of my issues may speak more to lack of familiarity than to actual faults in the device or software , the fact that I had these issues does reveal the system 's level of `` user friendliness '' for the newbie.As with any electronic device , I expect to continue learning how to use it better . Bottom line , I am glad I got it .
 Nice gadget with many usefull features . Would have given five stars if it had stereo capability via the Bluetooth link . Also , the usb port on the car cradle died after a couple uses . Overall , I am very happy with the product and my amazon experience was great , as usual .
 This is an excellent companion for motorcycle drivers , in both , city and road use . Easy to operate with gloves , robust , precise , rapid recalculation , versatil also on car 's use , with a lot of additional tools that allow easy communication between a driver -LRB- helmet bluetooth -RRB- and GPS and cellular phone . As a weak point , to south america users -LRB- in Brazil specially -RRB- , I recommend be careful because the Garmin maps are imprecise ; I got 100 meters of error in some regions of Brazil -LRB- like Parana 's state -RRB- . Howewer , it occurs with other GPS brands and even on Google Maps -LRB- on map view , but not on - real - satellite view ! -RRB- . I 'm sure that is a map supplier problem . With another map supplier , works fine .
 I Purchased the unit to use on both my motorcycles and autos . We have been extremely happy with it . The user interface is simple to use , the included hardware makes it very simple to move between vehicles , the voice prompts and maps have proven to be very accurate to date . Simply put , I would purchase the same unit again.GARMIN 010-00567-00 Zumo 550 GPS Receiver
 i ride a Harley V Rod . Though this bike is not meant for long rides , I still travel long distances . Plus I do a lot of in-city -LSB- Atlanta , GA -RSB- riding . The Garmin Zumo 550 is a fantastic , extremely reliable and user-friendly addition . I also receive many phone calls as I 'm riding . The Garmin 's bluetooth feature interacts perfectly with my phone ... very cool and hands free . -LSB- of course I have an Interphone device installed in my helmet . -RSB- The Garmin makes my bike a more complete unit .
 Product is great and was delivered on time . All necessary parts were included for motorcycle and car use .
 I do like my Zumo , it gives me more confidence when I am out riding . It seem like every time I pick it up I learn something new about it . There are things that could be more user friendly and the help book could be a lot better -LRB- it is only on disk -RRB- but it I had to it again and would purchase the same thing .
 Overall an exceelent full featured GPS that easy to use as well as intuitive . I 've had several Garmin products over the last 3 or 4 years and found Garmin to a very customer oriented company that stands beheind their products and administers excellent service .
 Combined with the products offered from Kennedy Electronics , I was able to mount this on my Honda 94 Goldwing Trike and run it directly into my intercom/radio . I have a switch that allows me to flip back and forth between the radio and the Garmin so I can hear the output right on my speakers or through a headset.It does everything I wanted it to do , and I will probably be purchasing a memory card so I can download some music for trips where my local radio station does n't reach.So far , it has been 100 % accurate for all my needs and flawlessly led me to my destinations in towns I do n't know at all , as well as any local places . I also use it on occasion in my car with the adaptor it came with for car use.Very easy to install the mount on the bike , I would recommend this product to anyone wanting a portable GPS for their bike or trike .
 An all around great unit , but I do have a few complaints.Good points ... Very accurate and fast to aquire sat coverage . Easy to use big buttons make it functional even when you 're wearing gloves . Auto routing is about the best I 've ever seen , and this is my 6th GPS unit . The included mapsource software is great , it 's easy to construct routes and download them into the zumo . Clever mounting brackets , one for your car and one for a bike . Both brackets work well.Bad points ... . If you 're buying this unit for use on a bike , and you expect to be able to utilize the voice commands , you 'll be in for a shock . The volume level is very low . If you do n't wear earplugs when you ride , you 'll just barely be able to hear the voice commands at high speeds . If you wear ear plugs , forget it . You wont ' be able to hear the commands -LRB- or the MP3 , or phone audio for that mater -RRB- . I had to purchase an external signal booster so I could hear it , and even with that , it 's only marginal . Also , do n't expect to be able to listen to MP3 's with a blootooth headset in your helmet . If you want to hear music , you 'll need a wired headset -LRB- with signal amplifer so you can hear at high speeds -RRB- . Maybe if you ride a bike like a goldwing with a windscreen , the volmue would be ok . But if you ride a sport bike , with lots of wind noise , the zumo 's audio output is marginal at best.Screen is ok , but difficult to read in direct bright sunlight . Especially the secondary roadways , which are drawn in a light tan color , they are realy hard to see , especially in sunlight . Also , the screen size is ok , but it would be nice to have a little larger screen.As you drive along , the zumo will not show you the names of towns as you pass by them . It only shows town names once in awhile . So if you like to see stuff as you pass by it , forget it.Overall , A great unit . The most troubling thing is the lack of volume for voice commands , MP3 's and telephone calls . Other than that , the other stuff is minor .
 Looking for a GPS for your motorcycle ? This is the one you want . Works great on my sportster . It is also great for your car . Very easy to use and transfer from car to motorcycle .
 Garmin Zumo 550 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Motorcycle NavigatorThis is my third GPS . I started with a Garmin GPS V , no color screen , very basic gps . I still use it when walking . Then I moved on to the 276C . Really works great , still use it in the car and on the boat . I decided on the Zumo 550 for the big , a Harley-Davidson Road King Classic . It is so easy to use , touch screen and all . Never have to take my gloves off when inputing information . The way you do that is also much improved.I noticed this gps does a much better job of holding satellite reception than my 276c or any of my riding buddies gps units , not matter which one they use.The ability to download POI 's and easily setup rides is a Godsend . I can setup a weeks worth of rides in no time.A few people complain about not being able to hear the audio when riding . As another reviewer noted , it really does not matter . With my true dual exhaust setup , you could not hear the audio on ANY gps when riding down the road . Who would want to?I have found this unit to be reliable , easy to use , and well worth every penny I paid for it .
 I put this on my Honda Trike , its wonderful . One can use it with gloves . It has alot of bells and whistles . I use my cell phone with it and through the Bluetooth link up I use it with my helmet . Sounds great with a great conection .
 GPS for the motorcycle . You ca n't go wrong with the Garmin Zumo . Add the XM receiver and you have not only the GPS , but sat . radio , MP player , and use of the phone through Bluetooth.It is easy to use and definitely lives up to the waterproof claim.The only reason it did not get a 5 is because the cradle for the motorcycle is NOT waterproof and any moisture shorts out the antenna -LRB- and other -RRB- contacts . They need to supply a rain cover for when the GPS is removed from the cradle .
 This thing works great . I have mapped out routes for group rides , found an unfamiliar restaurant and even used it as a speedometer when the sensor on my bike went out . It moves effortlessly from bike to car to house and interfaced beautifully with my computer .
 Absolutely love this GPS . I would really like to own the 660 but for the price , the 550 is a charm .
 First off , being a bit of a techie it was really difficult convincing myself to buy a five year old GPS with the latest firmware update being some three years old when I could have bought the newest generation for $ 50 more . Especially when looking at paying $ 600 for the cheapest option . Like I said , I 'm a techie and I like new gadgets but the bottom line here was that I was buying a GPS specifically for my bike and I wanted the best option I could find/afford . The most useful reviews I found when comparing the units were the ones from people who have owned and used both . The overwhelming consensus from this group seems to be that the 550 is the superior motorcycle GPS regardless of its age.From the build of the 550 , it definitely looks and feels solid . More importantly , to me anyway , it looks and feels like a GPS made for and by bikers . The newer generation units simply look like modified versions of the significantly cheaper standard NUVI GPSs . That of course is just an observation of their appearances though . I really like the buttons on the left side as they are easy to operate even with relatively thick gloves on . The screen is very sensitive to touch so even with thick gloves on , I can still hit what I 'm aiming for with surprising dexterity.The mounting options and hardware included with the 550 ensure you 'll have no trouble setting it up on your bike and other vehicles . It seems like a waste to have all the spare parts you do n't end up using but I suppose it 's better to get too much for your money than not enough . I already had a RAM ball mount on the triple tree so the install was very simple.The Bluetooth works well and easily connects to my Droid and scala rider G4 headset . The sound quality from music does n't sound great or even as good as my phone but it 's not terrible . That 's probably more a product of the G4 's limited fidelity due to the tiny flat speakers though . The voice prompts and phone calls are quite clear and plenty loud even at highway speeds.The only negatives I 've found have really been related to lack of documentation . The first thing I did was to try to download and install the current software and map - the first thing I always do when I get a new GPS . This is when I find out that the internal drive will not hold the whole N. American map set . Once you know this and realize you can easily load the rest of the map on an SD card for seamless navigation , it 's not a big deal . Or if you want to go to the extra trouble you can apparently remove all unnecessary files from the internal drive to make room for the whole map set . Again , not a big deal if you know about it up front . It did n't take long to figure out using the Garmin forums and tech support site . However , it would be great if Garmin had instructions included with the GPS so there 's no initial confusion and I imagine some customers will not be as understanding or resourceful . Then came unlocking the maps for the included software . I tried multiple times to unlock the newly downloaded map without success . The web page would say it was successful but the software would say it 's still locked . This continued through several restarts and reboots . I decided to try updating the software and that did the trick . It took on the first try . Again , not really a big deal for someone who 's used to trouble shooting but many consumers are going to be put off by the inconvenience . Also again , neither of these issues were really bad or hard to resolve but a little documentation for issues that are bound to be encountered would have been nice and would be a necessity for some end users.Using the 550 is pretty much like using any other GPS . A qwerty keyboard option would be nice but in the cradle , the default configuration seems well suited for use with gloves on . The easy access to the SD card slot and the route sharing utilities are definitely nice touches . Quite a few people are still buying the 550 so hopefully Garmin will continue to support it . It really is the best GPS I 've seen for motorcycle use .
 I have had the Zumo 550 since it was first released - probably about 5 years ago . I have repeatedly dropped it , left it on excessively hot dashboards , and ridden on my motorcycle through the driving rain with it . It has been in dirty , dusty environments and below zero temperatures . It just keeps on going , and besides the cigarette lighter power adapter nothing is physically wrong with it . The Bluetooth speakerphone works OK and has an excellent phone contact lookup interface when connected -LRB- eventually I got a Motorola Rockr that gives better sound quality , but I do miss the Zumo phone features -RRB- . I like the Garmin map interface much more than the others I have tried . The Garmin interface is very intuitive and simple , as compared to the interface on my daughter 's Prius that just can not be practically used while driving.My only issues with the Zumo 550 are 1 -RRB- The cigarette lighter power cord just wo n't stay in the car socket . I usually have to cram something up against it to keep it from slipping out . 2 -RRB- About every 8-10 weeks the Zumo freezes and says it is updating itself . I have tried all of the reset tricks , but it is really frozen . I deal with it by carrying a cheap Allen wrench set with the Zumo so I can remove and replace the battery when its frozen , and voila its all better again.I would definitely buy this unit again . Its pricey , but for the way I punish these things I probably would have gone through three less expensive GPS devices by now .
 The 550 comes with mounts for both the motorcycle and a car which was a pleasant surprise for me . I ordered an extra mount so I could easily transfer the 550 from my BMW K1200LT to my BMW R1150GS . I 've only used it for local rides but did find it easy to program it . I 'll be linking it to a Bluetooth in my helmet .
 This product , I 've had it over a year now , is pretty good as I use it on my motorcycles and in my `` cage '' . I think the two most desirable features , that matter the most to me , is that you can only update your map once -LRB- TOM-TOM is forever -RRB- and you cant give it voice commands.The Mapsource software interface is cumbersome compared to the likes of a Google maps interface . But it does get the job done.Initially , I had constant problems with the unit freezing up on me -LRB- I thought the onboard software was made by Microsoft there for a minute -RRB- until the latest update . Updates for the unit itself , unlike the maps , are for the life of the unit -LRB- sofar -RRB- . My reception has always been great and the accuracy has been about 98 % of the time . One of my riding buddies has the Zumo as well and we swap maps and routes using the SD card , so that is very convenient . The cradle for the bike is great ... very sturdy . The fact that I can plug it into my bikes audio system is nice as well.This is my first GPS and I have to say that I thoroughly enjoy the freedom it brings me . during the work week , I use it to gauge the amount of time it will take to get somewhere . On the week-ends , sometimes , my wife and I will just head out somewhere and get lost in the Georgia back roads and then hit the `` Go Home '' button , when we 're ready to go home . I really enjoy the freedom.I would recommend this product to a friend .
 I purchased my second Zumo 550 , after my original was stolen from a rental car . The unit performs exceptionally well , and is very easy to use and understand.I use it on my BMW R1200GS and also in my car . The unit ships with all the stuff you need to mount it on the bike and in the car . There are maps available from Mad Maps which feature some nice motorcycle routes in a variety of different US states.I am a Mac user as well , and the only complaint I have so far with Garmin is that they do n't seem to offer as much support for mapping software on a Mac as they do on a PC . Other than that I really think the unit is great . I give the Zumo a 5-star rating !
 Solid product . Very pleasantly surprised with the accessories that came with it and their quality . It includes 2 types of motorcycle mounts to choose from , the wiring to connect it to the battery , a dedicated car mount with integrated speaker , and a durable carrying case.Finding and routing destinations is intuitive as has been my experience with other Garmin NAVs . The screen does very well in sunlight . The additional mapping software used on a computer takes a little while to catch on to.My two -LRB- minor -RRB- gripes are : a -RRB- When adding a waypoint on the Zumo to help guide your preferred route , it assumes the waypoint is a `` stop '' and takes you off the road and puts you right back on.b -RRB- The included mapping software is for Windows . But , the MAC compatible software costs another $ 100 .
 The only negative - it does not support A2DP -LRB- Stereo -RRB- Bluetooth . This is disappointing since you can play MP3s from the device . You can buy an A2DP adapter ... such a small thing , ca n't imagine why it was n't baked into the product . Other than that , I can not imagine life without it !
 This is truly the best GPS I have ever owned . It calculates directions fast and aquires satelites even quicker . This is the only GPS I have ever owned that aquired satalites and navagated inside my house . -LRB- my other 4 units wo n't do this -RRB- Out doors I have never lost the signal although I have n't used it in Philly or New York yet . -LRB- tall buildings can sometimes block the signal on my other units -RRB- When you go in a diffrent direction than the GPS is telling you It takes 10 - 15 seconds to generate new directions which is really fast . The only complaint I have is that the speaker in the car mount could be a little louder . At highway speeds if you do n't have a really quiet car -LRB- we use it in a GMC Safari -RRB- it can be hard to hear . If you bicycle you can put the motorcycle mount on your bicycle and the battery last about 4 hrs . -LRB- imagine bicycling with XM Satelite and MP3 built right in -RRB- I purchased this for my motorcycle -LRB- Yamaha FZ1 -RRB- and love it so much I use it in my car also instead of my other units . Water proof and shock resistant so the rain wo n't stop you either . It even will let you view photos on it . I keep a picture of my kids on the startup screen . It reminds me to keep the speeds in check . This is an A + unit and I would say go for it . Go check out Garmin.com there is a realy neat forum where you can share favorite rides for others to download to there units
 The 550 is as good if not better than my factory installed car GPS . Havng the buttons on the left is very handy . Though it 's not recommended to use them when moving , I have found myself adjusting the volume of the MP3 player from time to time . Thus I mention that they could have made that task a bit easier , but that 's a very minor detail.I do wish they made a sun shade for the 550 . I did find one that `` sort of works '' online . But when it is in place it is a bit tough to operate those left hand buttons . Again , a minor point.The case that comes with the 550 is a very nice case , but it lacks a belt loop . So you either have to carry it in your hand , or put into a carry-all bag if you happen to have one . Now this is a pain in the butt.Now here 's my biggest complaint . To use the full range of options -LRB- i.e. the XM Radio , and the Traffic / weather -RRB- you must purchase a antenna that sells for any where between $ 250 down to $ 190 . That is the cheapest I 've seen it online . So , you buy the 550 for the nice round number of $ 1,000 you still have to add the price of the antenna . Plus if you want the radio , weather and traffic you have to add the monthly charge for those services . The monthly charges I would n't mind so much , but I do not understand why this antenna costs more than about $ 35 or $ 40 . I only think that is a rip off . But all in all , you will enjoy the 550 .
 Just returned from a 2 week stint in NM with the Zumo 550 mounted on my GoldWing . This thing works great . Piped the audio thru the Aux input.The system acquires satellite signals very quickly , the menu structure is intuitive , the touch screen works very easily and is easy to read even in bright sun and from behind a dark visor , the audio volume was excellent even at 80MPH on interstate and the turn by turn instructions are well timed to give riders plenty of time to adjust lane positions and riding speed . You can give it your estimated gas mileage and at end of a tank it will present you with a gas pump icon which , when touched , lists the nearest gas stations to your position . Touch the gas station you want and it will route you to it . The Zumo was great support and a joy to use during my ride . I found only two very minor `` quirks '' . If you add the optional SD card as I did , you will need to format it as a FAT32 . I formatted as NTFS and the MP3 files were not recognized although my personal POI file was recognized . Also , when you load additional maps , I loaded some US TOPO maps , the Zumo defaults to its internal City Navigator and it `` flashes the Topo to let you know that it 's there . To get the Topo map you have to deselect the City Navigator . Neither of these `` quirks '' was covered by reading the owner 's manual . All in all this is an awesome system that does not disappoint . Garmin got the Zumo design right !
 Looks Great and works great but do not purchase for the XM radio feature.The Manual is very sketchy about the radio and you have to purchase a 300 dollar antenna to make it work and no other details about the quality of the radio . Other than the XM the Zumo 's displays and ease of operating is execlent .
 The Zumo was highly touted in numerous publications , prior to its release . It lives up to the best of these recommendations and then some . I have previous experience in boats and airplanes with use of similar products so it did not take long to pick up the basic functions ; needless to say there is not a great deal of motorcycle riding in North Dakota in February but I did utilize the audomobile adaptor -LRB- included -RRB- on a recent trip to Orlando , Florida to visit the typical theme parks ; I have always found the area to be particularly difficult to navigate due the crowed traffic conditions as well as a town that appears to have grown too quickly ; nonetheless the Zumo performed flawlessly and saved much time and potential frustation ; I did find a predictable flaw when I , through no fault of Zumo , missed a turn and was directed to make an immediate U turn ; the problem was that there was six lanes of very busy traffic ; the machine did quickly recover and provided an alternate routing , or `` recalibrating '' to use the words of the very nice lady in the unit ; highly recommended ; I ca n't wait until spring to use it on one of my bikes for cross country trips .
 I researched a lot of GPS devices before choosing this one , and I am very happy with it . I take it on my bike and car , and took it with me on a recent trip to Colorado , hiking in Rocky Mountain National Park.Having a GPS on the bike really frees me up to be able to ride off in any direction , taking any roads I come to , and I never have to worry about getting lost . Plus I do n't have to get a map out all the time . Say I 'm out for a lazy ride just going wherever and a rain storm pops up . I just enter a destination or press ` home ' on the Zumo , and I do n't have to worry about trying to remember the route I took.The navigation engine works pretty well . Occasionally it will get confused by a vague address , but usually if you make sure you use common sense and do n't let it do all the thinking for you , you 'll be fine . An example of this
 This unit was sent as a replacement for a stolen 2730 with GXM30 ant . At first I missed the 2730 but after using the Zumo for a month now , cant say I miss the 2730 at all . The ability to move the unit between car and bike is a huge plus , or the ability to use the unit with its internal battery is a huge plus . Jump into a friends car and just sit it in a console , it picks up the gps signal just fine . It even works in every room of my house unlike the older garmin units that required a clear view of the sky . The GXM30 ant is the only gripe , it plugs into the cradle and can be somewhat of a hassle to switch back and forth between vehicles.While other GPS units might work better in different applications , the ZUMO hits the spot for dual use in a cage and on a bike . Plus the form factor allows one to put it in a jacket or back pack for use any and everywhere .
 I had read the reviews posted on this web site and others . So after purchasing this product I also ordered the FM accessory as well.Once I received it I updated all the firmware . Made my own mount for my vehicle so I could use the automotive mount provided . I made a trip to downtown L.A. and usually I have to call the account to get directions even after printing out directions from mapquest . I have to say I made the trip there and back with out a problem . Not because of my skills as a navigator . I missed an exit ramp but the Garmin got be right back on track . I missed a turn and the unit corrected my directions . Then on the way home with major traffic the GPS routed me around it and got me home faster then I ever have accomplished on my own . I would recommend this to anyone for motorcycles and cars . It is the highest rated non dashboard mount GPS around . I have to agree it truly is a great product .
 I stewed over this for about a year . Researched TomTom Rider and Zumo from their release forward . Read reviews , found a place to see one in person . Set web price watch flags . Then had a price flag for the Zumo on Amazon and a gift refund from Amazon and could n't hold off any longer . I hope you do n't have to put yourself through this anticipation and am writing to re-assure you that this is a cool device.Works well on my motorcyle integrating in with the dash as I mounted it on the left handle bar of my Yamaha FJR-1300 sport touring bike . At that level the screen is a perfect size , bright enough to be seen in daylight with shades on , and does n't block any of my instruments . The bracket is very secure and the added screw security pin is reassuring . The controls are easy enough to use through gloves . The movement is clear and smooth and all of the funtionality as described by others is perfect for a motorcycle . The Blue-tooth worked great with my Scala Rider TeamSet pair of headsets , allowing both the rider and passenger to converse and hear the Zumo -LRB- directions , MP3 , phone , etc. -RRB- Took it on my next business trip and forgot to cancel the Hertz Neverlost that I always order . Put it on the windshield clip and watched them work at the same time ... Zumo is a better car GPS too . I have a GPS in my two cars built in -LRB- Jaguar & Toyota -RRB- . Really other than screen size there is no real difference in response . And the Zumo has the flexibility of downloading your track -LRB- like breadcrumbs -RRB- to your PC , or letting you create a route on the PC -LRB- even see it on Google Earth -RRB- and upload it to the Zumo . I can see people posting the data files for their favorite twisty trails online soon!Haven ' t found anything that is n't great . Absolutely no buyer 's remorse . And as always the interaction with Amazon and the Premium shipping subcription gets things to my door before I expect them . If you have the $ $ this is a great toy to add to your toy !
 In the case of this superb Garmin product , that 's what GPS should stand for . I 've owned multiple GPS systems in the past . This one is the best . Out of the box , I put it on my dashboard and conducted a nighttime tour of WASH , DC for my wife 's family . With precision the ZUMO 550 took me from one monument to the next . If I missed a term , before it could say recalculating , it cut itselft off at `` Recalc . . '' Turn Right ... it would give new directions . That 's FAST . Sure it has options I will never use , like XM radio and FM traffic but the Bluetooth comes in very handy with my cell phone and bluetooth enable headset . Price was great , delivery was quick . Highly recommend both Amazon and GARMIN GPS 550 .
 I 've read a lot of the critical reviews on Amazon and frankly I just do n't see where they are coming from . The unit itself lives up to all the claims and THEN some . It is very intuitive and does many things that are surprising . For example , the bluetooth capability -LRB- which linked up to EVERY phone I tried it with when I brought it to the Sprint store AND the Apple store -LSB- iPhone -RSB- -RRB- automatically downloads your phonebook . It also accesses your phone 's recent incoming call , recent outgoing call and missed call lists in real time.Of course as a navigation unit it is excellent . The interface is equally intuitive and it contains 6 million points of interest . You can search for PIOs along your route , at a destination , nearest , etc. . Lots and lots of features and options are useful.One thing that really impresses me is the overall feel and responsiveness of the interface and the applications . I had a Magellan 4250 before this , and that was a fine unit for the price , but the Windows CE environment was rather slow and -LRB- what else ? -RRB- prone to needing reboots . The Garmin Zumo feels like it 's totally integrated and gives a great level of confidence . The BEST part is Garmin 's web updater that detects the device , figures out your firmware levels and automatically presents the any newer software with a description of what changed . Garmin seems to be pretty active in fixing bugs and improving features and they come up with updates every few months . To me , that is critical . I need to know that my unit is actively supported.In terms of being a motorcycle unit , I give this a very high score . The mounting hardware is beautiful and the kit comes with everything
 I 've been using the Zumo 550 on my motorcycle -LRB- Yamaha FJR1300 -RRB- for about a month now and am very pleased with the performance and ease of use . Very user friendly and a quick learn . I have it tied to my Autocom AVI pro unit and it gives very clear audio and better sterio Mp3 sound than my little Zen Mp3 player did when it was tied to the Autocom . I did find that it did n't recognize a 4 year old , paved , back-road I often travel in northern Calif. -LRB- between LaPorte and Quincy -RRB- but will see if there are mapping updates available to rectify this . The Mapsource Software is not as user friendly as the MicroSoft Streets and Trips I am used to but maybe with more practice I 'll become more profficient with it ? . I have used the coordinate search tool with the software and it is very neat . Overall , this is a very nice GPS and with more practice , I know I 'm going to like it even more .
 Easy to use right out of the box , simple motorcycle mount , bright screen , yes you can easily use it with gloves on . Only two complaints are :1 . secutiry screw can be overcome by simply untightening the wing-nut on the motorcycle mount . 2 . Car mount is a little bulky when bringing it on the plane when traveling . Sandbag type mount to set on dash would be better . But all in all , very good product , works well ... then thought of just about everything with this one . Being able to pull up gas stations , hotels , shops , Harley stores , etc. in new riding locations is a treat ! Works great on bike , and looks good too !
 I purchased the Garmin Zumo 550 , along with the extra cradle and wiring harness since I have two Harleys . I combined them with the E-Caddy locking system on both bikes . On my Softail it was an easy installation and works very well , except of course you can not hear the audio prompts on the bike , unless you install speakers.On the Ultra I wired the sound through my radio speakers using a 3.5 mm cable and using the Aux port , that you can use with your MP3 player etc.The prompts are loud and clear.The 550 works very well . I alternate it between both bikes and my car . The suction mount for the car leaves a little to be desired , but the 550 has great features including the Bluetooth capability and also the screen slider to use with heavy gloves . So far so good , but it is the best system I have had in over 45 years of riding . I recommend it to anyone.Doug P
 I had been wanting a GPS for my motorcycle for a couple years and had heard the Zumo was very good . Pretty expensive so I had to save up to get one . The features on the Zumo are great and it will do exactly what I need and then some however it amazes me that for all this money they supply you with very limited instructions . I am not computer illiterate but the Zumo is definately challenging me at times . Thanks to the online `` Zumo Forums '' I should be able to get the answers I need.Pros are that it definately looks & feels rugged . The large button touch screen works great with gloves.Cons are that there is no audio unless connected to an external power source and the MP3 player will not accept itunes files without converting them to MP3 format.All in all I am happy and look forward to using it .
 I just did a coast to coast ride on a vespa . the zumo 550 worked really , really well .
 I own it ... it is awesome . I do n't use the bluetooth or listen to music with it , so if I had it to do over again , I 'd buy the 450 . Works great , even in pouring rain , gets great satellite reception , MadMaps tours can be downloaded into it ... it is durable , bright , vibration resistant , and works in my car and on my bike . I love it.Garmin rules !
 From my experience there is no gps made for a motorcycle like the ZUMO 550 ... To get its max out , you should also purchase -LRB- if you do not have it -RRB- a good set of bluetooth intercoms , my suggestion , go for the CARDO -LRB- Scala Driver Team Set -RRB- . Buy it , you will not regret!JUST , DO NOT BUY IT FROM COMPUTER BRAIN , the first time I purchased it , I had to call and write COMPUTER BRAIN a lot of times and the only thing they said was it was on back-order . After about 1 and 1/2 month they fanilly cancelled my order without any explanation ...
 It had everything but an SD RAM card -LRB- not necessary -RRB- that I needed to mount and run the GPS.Nice GPS.You ca n't go wrong with this for your bike .
 We were looking for a GPS that provides the usual point to point driving directions , but since we do a lot of trail biking wanted topo capability as well . Zumo hits the mark on both counts . The large format screen is very readable . Mapping and directions have been spot on .
 I got what I ordered quickly & everything needed to install it in a car or a motorcycle was supplied . I just wish that Ram Mounts made a conversion for the suction cup to a old style Garmin 2610 Street pilot dashboard mount . I hate the suction cup to the windshield idea , & there are two States that forbid that mounting . In my full sized truck it is n't too bad , but in my Wife 's VW Jetta it really blocks the view!So here is what I have gathered in the month that I have owned this : My 2610 had more features than the Zumo 550 like in tell you what the address # is while you are just driving in map mode.I could also change the information bars to just about anything I wanted , like see at what altitude I was at in real time.This unit came with 2009 maps installed internally , & the only way you could get the newest maps upgrade for free on the Garmin site , was to install a 4Gb SD card & install that map there & then do the install from the SD flash card . Instructions were vague , & it took me some time to figure it out . It all got done in a few days of grief including new `` MapSource '' software . So , why could n't Garmin install these for Amazon to sell ? I guess this is the reason why the price is reduced ... For the people that are looking for a Motorcycle GPSR , yup , this one is OK , I wish they did n't split the MP3 & microphone outputs/inputs on the mount for the motorcycle , it really makes it tough to be able to tie in a way to hear the navigation voice prompts plus be able to tie in a way to speak for the phone . I have a Blue-tooth headset , so I could get both Nav & phone , but you ca n't hear anything over 35 MPH & I have a quiet stock Muffler on my motorcycle.I have a Motorola flexible boom mike/ear phone with a 2.5 mm connector , it wo n't tie into the motorcycle mounting outputs/inputs & no adapter are available.The good points of the Zumo 550 are that you really do n't need the amplified remote antenna for it , it does just fine without one.Display is great -LRB- but does n't compensate for the ambient light -RRB- like the 2610 did.So far the mount has held the Zumo 550 in place on the motorcycle , not like the 2610 mount from Garmin that snapped out the holding piece on the case.I have to rate this as a 4 star due to missing features I had really expected in a product that was $ 300.00 more than my 2610 plus a lack of mounting it on the dashboard with a 2610 adapter . The sticky that came with it will cost you over $ 10.00 plus shipping for each car you want to install it to , get my drift?Ok , Here is a update . I bought this in May 26 , 2010 got it the 28th in December it failed ! I turned it off , & when I turned it on again , it would not load the new maps I had installed.I called Garmin , they would send me out a replacement for free but I had to send them my unit . I wanted my old unit until the re-furbished one came in , they said OK , but it will cost you $ 300.00 dollars till we get yours back!The refurb unit was from 2007 , mine was a 2010 , the maps were from 2009 , it took me 10 phone calls to get them to give me the one time download maps to get this thing back up to snuff again!Now they are waffling on giving me my $ 300.00 back!I have owned 3 Garmin GPSR 's now ... This will be my last one for sure !
 This is a great product . It works great , is easy to use . There was some difficulty in downloading the maps but part of that is our internet connections . We would like to find a head set that works well with the motorcycle . We are not in a helmet law state and often do not use the helmet so would like something that would work with or without a helmet . any ideas ?
 Easy to use , even with thick winter motorcycle gloves . Not a distraction , especially if mounted on left side of handlebars . Only problem is I ca n't crank up the volume loud enough to hear when I 'm doing over 45-60 MPH .
 A great GPS . We needed one that we could use on the bike and in the car . The only complaint is that the user manual is on a disk , not paper . It would be much more convenient to look up something while you are on the road . Now we have to remember what feature we could n't figure out ; then when we get home put the disk in the computer to find it . Very inconvenient !
 If you ride a bike you need one of these . The only complaint I have is with the bluetooth . It has two channels of bluthooth but has a very limited amount of phones that it will work with . Most of them are very old model . If you hook up a phone not on the list it will pair up but if you also pair up a headset then it goes crazy . Once I found an old phone -LRB- Motorla RAZR -RRB- it works great .
 after researching for a few years i decided to go with the garmin zumo 550 . I could n't be happier , it is very easy to use . Naturally I had to upgrade the software and maps when i got it but it was worth the time . It came with everything necessary for motorcycle OR car mounting . I love the fact that i can just swap it back and forth . Even though my car has a built in GPS , I much prefer the garmin in my car . I love using it on my motorcyle . I did read one review that claimed the garmin did not have an internal speaker and i have no idea where they got that from because mine does have one for use in the car . My personals feelings are that this is the best one out there and i would suggest that others look into it
 This is the best GPS unit for motorcycles you can buy . I now own two , if its good enough for my motorcycle its good enough for my car ...
 This GPS is very easy to use , even on the go . Loading songs to the GPS took a little work , but only because we had previously saved them to our laptop incorrectly . It 's easy to see even for the passenger , and we love the capablity to link the GPS with our cell phone . Definitely a good buy !
 The GPS works fantastic . It boots and acquires satellite quickly , recalculates routes quickly , and the software is easy to use . Touch screen that 's glove friendly works well , along with the other controls . Having everything in the box including mount is great , and I like that the mount is fairly secure.It did take me some time to get my phone to synch with the unit , and incoming calls while listening to MP3s will sometimes get lost when trying to answer . I use the Zumo with my Scala Rider Q2 , and have found that I can not get near the same volume with phone calls through the GPS as I could directly through the Q2 . Yes , I found the volume control and have it at 100 % , but it 's still difficult to hear phone calls.I also thought I 'd be able to plan a route and load it to the SD card , then import it...no-go on that , it seems to only find MP3s . I have n't played with that enough yet to determine if it 's meant that way of if I 'm missing something , but it certainly is n't intuitive if the unit is capable.I 'd buy it again .
 This is a good/great GPS , the only drawback is the Satalite Radio does not work good on a motorcycle that is loud . My K1200S with the baffle removed on a Remus Powercone is very loud , especially when your doing 80 mph.I really liked the find function , which will tell you how far you are from a gas station , how to get there and phone number -LRB- hotels -RRB- . Great product but not the Satalite radio on a motorcycle .
 I have bought the Garmin Zumo 550 about 3 weeks ago . I have had the power cable installed on my motorcycle by my Honda dealer and I mounted the unit myself.The GPS is most useful when riding , especially when riding to FAVORITES . It provides clear and concises directions . It also provides additional information , such as speed , time , altitude and compass directions . The screen of the unit can be read very well , even in bright sunshine . The touch screen provides the ability to change menus , volume of sound , etc. with the glove on and while riding.For me the built in MP3 player was a most important additional feature . I down loaded MP3 files from my computer onto a 4 Gig SD memory card . This gives me about 20 hours of my favorite music . I use JVC ear plugs.I recommend the Garmin Zumo 550 highly to my fellow motorcyclists . Buy it and you will extremly happy .
 The Zumo 550 is AWESOME . On the bike it is very easy to operate , even with gloves on . Programming is a cinch , either on the computer and then download , or right on the GPS unit itself . I highly recommend this unit for any biker out there needing directions ! I wired it direct to the bike , and the handlebar mount works very easily , and has the safety feature built in so no one can steal it . Plus , even if it 's stolen , the thief ca n't use it ! What a feature loaded unit ! The only reason I did n't give it a five star rating is I wish it was a little bigger , and had voice directions , without having to plug it into a bluetooth device , as some people do n't have communication devices on their motorcycles -LRB- like me -RRB- . Otherwise , awesome product .
 After using a Garmin GPS60 in my travels , using the ZUMO 550 was a great improvement . I read some previous reviews and was a little disappointed in some of the shortcomings of the unit . I do n't know if Garmin actually addressed the shortcomings of if the reviewer just did n't know how to access the feature . Two examples ; one reviewer said that you could n't `` MARK '' a location . This is easily done by simply touching the vehicle icon . You can then rename the location and save it to your favorites . Another reviewer talked about the lack of a compass option unless you are in the `` off road '' mode . If you are not navigating , there is a letter indicator on screen constantly and by one touch , you have access to a graphic compass . You always have access to the graphic compass page while navigating with one touch.I am very satisfied with the ZUMO 550 and would recommend it . One thing I would have liked is the option of getting AM-FM radio instead of XM . I have cable TV , but I still have a problem with paying for radio.I love gadgets , and I do n't consider myself a `` techy '' , but I rate the ZUMO 550 with a `` 10 '' .
 Everything I have been looking for in a GPS for all of my vehicles is included in the Zumo550 . I can easily switch it between the motorcycle and my truck with zero effort . The MP3 player is a lifesaver on long trips . I just insert an 8GB SD card and let the music play . All of the controls are easily seen and the buttons can be pushed with gloves on.The only thing I would change is the low fuel gauge . Instead of a pop-up window reminder of low fuel , it would be nice to have the voice prompt you and start showing the nearest gas stations . Picky , I know , but it woudl be a great feature . Other than my wishes , the unit is nearly perfect .
 I take the unit off the bike every time I stop -LRB- I do n't trust the locking screw -RRB- . One time I did not fully secure the GPS into the cradle.While going down the road at 50 + miles per hour it flew off.I thought great there 's $ 600 down the drain.I circled back and picked up the device.It was banged up in a few places -LRB- the corners were completely scuffed -RRB- . I turned it on and it WORKED!I have fully tested it and everything works -LRB- it 's now 15 + days since the incident -RRB- . All-in-all a good GPS for those of us who are a little rough on our hardware .
 This is one of the toughest , most well-thought out gps units I 've ever used or owned . How many units can stand to be submersed in one meter of water for 30 minutes ? This one can . Thats why the unit ca n't have an integrated speaker . It makes it teriffic for motorcycle or marine use , though.However , the supplied car mount has a speaker that is much better than the majority of self-contained gps speakers that I 've heard . Plus the car mount has outlets for audio - so use can listen to mp3 music or books on tape through your car speakers if you like -LRB- rather than through the mount itself -RRB- . The unit will conveniently pause your music or book on tape for voice prompt directions , then start right where you left off . It does the same for incoming calls and makes a great hands free car kit . Plus , the car mount is TOUGH . It locks the unit in very well.I use a Scala Rider Teamset bluetooth headset on my motorcycle , which enables me to hear voice prompts/music/books on tape while I ride . The unit works perfectly with the zumo 550 . I see caller id on the zumo screen when someone calls . I can use the zumo to accept or ignore calls . Plus I can dial calls from the zumo screen very easily . I have synced my contact list from my treo with the zumo and it retrieves my contacts and addresses easily , allowing push button calling -LRB- or directions -RRB- from the zumo rather than fumbling with the phone -LRB- which is risky -RRB- . I usually ride with friends and we speak often use the scala headset to speak while we ride , which has really been a lot of fun and has often permitted us to steer clear of danger . It is easy to connect with the zumo . One shortcoming in my mind is that I wish the zumo had an option to choose whether to hear direction voice prompts over the telephone conversation as it does with books on tape/mp3 . That way I could choose to be interupted for directions when my buddies and I are talking/riding , but could also choose not to be interupted when I take business calls etc. . . While I have yet to find the perfect gps unit , this unit comes closer for car/motorcycle/marine use than any other I 've found . I am not disappointed with this purchase and would highly recommend it . It has transformed my bike riding .
 I bought this zumo 550 to replace the Garmin Quest 2 on my bike . It takes a bit of work to understand HOW to work it because Garmin 's e-manual fails to include some of the simplest info . There are , however , great online sources of info and forums for the zumo as well . Once I got the hang of it , the zumo works great.It mounts easily and wires into the motorcycle 's inside-the-fairing harness easily and then plugs into the aux audio input on the Harley 's sound system so that the zumo 's voice directions can be heard over the bike noise . It also plays mp3 files which allowed me to skip the purchase of a new . mp3 player that I had been planning on buying as well.It is somewhat time-consuming to locate and play a certain song when the SD card holds 500 songs but if I was concerned I 'd use a few smaller cards instead of the 2GB card I use.The built-in maps are adequate and Garmin is sending me a new map since I bought this as the new maps were coming out.Once you have it figured out it is pretty easy to navigate around with this zumo . Included is also a new MapSource for hooking it up to my PC but it works just fine with the MapSource which has been in place for my Quest 2 . So far - trouble-free . Works well on the bike and a car mount is also included AND it works on batteries and is small enough for many pockets so you can take it anywhere , anytime.From the amount of questions I see on the help forums it is evident that Garmin could do better with its instruction manuals but I think the preliminary confusion and questions are worth the result .
 Zumo replaces a Street Pilot III for on road motorcycle use and occasional use in the 4-wheeler . The Zumo is considerably lighter and smaller , it computes routes much faster , has good on-screen data arrangement , is easy to use and operate on the fly , and is fairly straight forward in operation and learning its use . There is no power or audio cord unplugging required to remove the unit from its handlebar or dashboard mount , as it snaps right out , but is held securely in place during use . I am not interested in the Blue Tooth feature , but there are slightly better voice prompts with the 550 over the 450 . I 'm definitely happy to have made the switch .
 I own 5 GPS ' and this is the easiest and best one of the lot !!
 As Advertized , works out of the box . Simple to navigate by touch screen all it 's features . I wish they told me that I needed an MP3 style cord to go between the motorcycle mount and the motorcycle radio to receive voice -LRB- Not sold by Garmin -RRB- . I love this thing!I spoke to many others before my purchase and they say Garmin is the best I agree . I thought the idea of riding my motorcycle was to get lost ... . now I 'm never lost .
 I have n't tried any other GPS 's , but I can say this , it has been a life saver . I have n't even looked at a map since I 've gotten it . I have n't used the bluetooth with a headset , but if I link it with my phone it let 's me now there is a call coming in . I could n't hear or feel the phone , so this way at least I know if someone is trying to reach me . Maybe , I 'll get the headset one day and that 's why I elected to get this model . Also , the display is bright , so you can see it great . If I was to do it again , I 'd get the same model.Be careful when installing on handlebars , tighten it to much and it will leave a crease in the handlebar . Try not to relocate too many times on the bars , I did n't realize that , until I noticed I had three creases . But I can live with them , they 're not too bad , just thought I 'd pass it along .
 Bought my first 550 in August 2007 along with an XM receiver , bought a second a month later for my wife , bought a third in April 2008 as a graduation present for my son . Highly recommended for anyone wanting to preplan trips -- the Mapsource PC software and the Zumo are a powerful pair . I lead a lot of rides for several motorcycle groups . I take a bit of ribbing for using a GPS , but I 've had lots of comments about how glad the groups are to not get lost . Oh , I still take a wrong turn now and then , but the route recalculations get me back on track with no one the wiser ! I have had some issues with route recalculation for routes that cross over themselves multiple times -- including getting recomputed routes that enter an endless circle of roads instead of continuing on the preplanned route . Hopefully this unit remains in production long enough before being obsoleted that the software continues to be supported . The unit firmware is quite good , but there 's always room for improvement .
 I am not a techie or electronic whiz kid , but I am able to use this product very easily.All the features work as advertised .
 The Garmin Zumo is evertything that I expected . I had a problem with the unit locking up , but the customer service folks were really great , and got the unit working quickly.This product is highly recommended .
 Fantastic product . The motorcycle mount is flexable and can be used in several locations . There is zero vibration with the device in the mount . Have enjoyed the map only feature when on the back roads . This device is a must if you enjoy touring .
 The ZUMO 550 is a excellent product . It preform as advertised . The accessories that are included do the job for mounting and wiring on a motorcycle and in a vehicle.The delivery was timely . A very good experience all around .
 Great GPS , was able to use right out of the box without having to read the instructions cover to cover . Would highly recommend , I 'll never be lost with this on the bike
 Great application for Ducati and Vespa Scooters , too ! Very user friendly , also very portable , easily transferable between two-wheel vehicles and four-wheel vehicles . Can download updates for European excursions , too !
 This is our second GPS , the first was a Garmin 276C which we still use daily . It to had a large screen , but this one is more readable with larger icons . The touch screen works very well and the suction mount and hard wire for motorcycle use is very handy . I still have n't read the manual because most functions are intuitive . Ca n't wait to use the Bluetooth and MP3 functions . A great unit.Garmin Zumo 550 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Motorcycle Navigator
 I purchased a Zumo 550 for my Harley Davidson motorcycle . When it arrived we found that I could move it to my car . It is accurate , easy to use , and the price was right . I would highly recommend this to others .
 Great GPS . I had an older 2610 that was going bad . The 550 came with everything I needed .
 I have used the Garmon Zumo on my motorcycle and in my car and so far am very happy with its performance .
 An idiot cager came across the center line and I had to take my bike off of the road at a pretty good clip to avoid him . Unfortunately the shoulder was soft and as soon as the front wheel went into it , the bike went down . It was a total loss . the Zumo550 however , came through ... even after the bike tumbling more than a few times . still in its OEM RAM mount and still working when I picked up the bike . BTW , I only had a cracked rib and a few scratches ... . The cager never stopped.Phil
 Used this to ride around for 4 years , it is a good motorcycle gps -LRB- weather and shock proof -RRB- that can be used adequatly in the car.Point in case
 I 've had the Zumo 550 for nearly 4 years . I also use it in conjunction with the Garmin X30 -LRB- XM Antenna -RRB- for satellite radio . It 's been used in the driving rain , freezing cold -LRB- Illinois Winter -RRB- , and hot summer days -LRB- in Florida -RRB- and has performed near flawlessly . Only one time can I recall the unit locking up on me , but by removing the battery I was able to reset it and continue on my journey . If you purchase any Garmin GPS , I high recommend buying the Lifetime Map Upgrade . It 's worth it !
 Expensive - but , hopefully worth it ... . time will tell ... . so far I 've registered the product w/Garmin . A few days later I logged in , went thru Garmin 's menu to request email customer service about a problem I was having ... . Upon submitting the request I rec 'd a instant email notification advising they take 1-2 business days to reply . I 'm now 3-4 weeks later & have yet to receive a reply ! A number of other Garmin users I 've contacted via forums ; etc. , advise the same thing - great products - LOUSY customer support !
 I purchased this unit just in time for a 2500 mile trip through seven states , it worked like a charm.The bluetooth function is great for sending directions to a bluetooth headset , and the gas gauge and refuel reminderare real lifesavers if your bike has no fuel gauge . I linked my phone to it , but for some reason it failed to alert me ofincoming calls while riding , I 'm going to try and fine tune this feature . It may have been a setting on my phone to blame for this behavior.You can also send MP3 directly from your phone to your headset to listen to music or books while riding those endless highways.It 's a bit pricey , but it will get you there and back in style .
 I 've had this GPS for a month now and have taken it on several trips . I find this unit to be very helpful and easy to use . Having buttons to work with vs. straight touch screen is very nice to have . There 's more control when you push a button , especially when you 're going over a rough highway/street . I love being able to find a fuel station at a touch with distance and navigation there . You can map a course on BING Maps and download it to this device , along with saving routes you did n't map out or use coordinates . It leaves `` breadcrumbs '' while you ride , then all you have to do is save the route to your favorites . My only complaint is they need to update this unit with a qwerty keyboard instead of alphabetical keyboard . It take longer to type in destinations because we are so accustom to the qwerty keyboard , the alphabetical gets confusing , strange to say . You may need an amplifier to boost the volume a bit , I had to purchase one , an Iasus is excellent -LSB- ... -RSB- This is my first GPS and so far I love the unit and highly recommend it . Please remember like everything electronic , the more you use it the easier it gets .
 This unit has been on my bike for two years and 16000 miles . It is bullet proof . I have dropped it , soaked it in the rain and even been in an accident with it . The unit still functions well . Only two negatives I can mention is the motorcycle mount is not completely waterproof . If rain gets down in the pins you lose XM Radio functionality until the mount drys out . A hard rain storm is enough to get the mount wet . On numerous trips I have had the mount get water in it and XM stops functioning for the rest of the trip . Second the lack of a qwerty keyboard is pretty annoying . These two minor annoyances really are minor . Overall the unit is well designed and functions extremely well for its intended purpose . I really believe Garmin had riders design this unit or they certainly got a lot of feedback from us .
 This is a great GPS I bought one for myself 2 years ago and I love it . I use it in my car and on my motorcycle . Works well in both . It is easy to set up an use . Blue tooth is great with my Cardon headset . MP3 and Blue tooth cell phone come in loud and clear . I am hard of hearing so I know . Motorcycle mount was easy to in stall . The wiring was the hard part . For the car mount , I went to Walmart an bought , a GPS pad that the suction cup will work with . I set it on the console in my car . This is great , because you can move it from car to car if you have more than one . It plugs into the liter socket for power . I have not had any problems with it , in the two years that I have had it . BBest of all for you is that you can get it for a lot less tnen I paid . I paid $ 800.00 for mine . It is still a bit pricey , but it is well worth it . I do not think you would be sorry if you bought it . A friend of mine asked me to order this one for her . She gave it to her boy fried for Christmas . I tell all my friends how well it works . Some of them have other cheap brands and they tell me that they have problems using them.Bill Schellhas in Williamstown , N.J.
 I purchased this item over 2 years ago from Amazon , and thought that allow me to give someone a great perspective on this Garmin system . I also purchased the GXM30 XM radio antenna to go with it , so some of my review will cover the XM radio side.Advantages :1 . Installation was simple . The power cable can be connected directly to your battery , since it is fused , or , if you own a BMW , you can easily connect it to a CANBUS wiring system available from BMW at a surprisingly low cost .2 . The unit is Mac and PC compatible . Hardly any other GPS manufacturer cares about the Mac market , but Garmin does . You can manage maps , update the firmware , plan routes , tracks and waypoints , add POI 's and more stuff using the Mac software . It 's updated regularly , so you know it 's not an afterthought .3 . The box includes everything for putting it onto your bike . And if you move it between your bike and car , they provide really well designed automobile mounts . This is my opinion , but the automobile mounts are better than some of the other stuff I 've seen out there . Admittedly , I 've used it in a rental car once , so I 'm not all that experienced with it .4 . The XM radio -LRB- if you get it -RRB- has some outstanding features for the biker . For example , it has XM Weather -LRB- which does n't have a lot of detail , but provides warnings for wind , rain , snow , etc. -RRB- that allows you to plan your ride better . If you get the more expensive XM Nexrad system , it has real time weather radar , which is very useful .5 . The 550 is built for a motorcycle . It is waterproof . It is beefy and can resist a lot of abuse , including off-road adventure riding . I have n't dropped it yet , but it looks like it could take it ! 6 . The touchscreen is glove friendly.Issues :1 . The cradle is just not built to securely hold the 550 . It 's not bad , but the spring-loaded clip is either too hard to pop open , or opens too easily . This is not good for riding if you 're worried that it will pop out , and end up being smashed by the car behind you . Besides , when riding a bike , you just do n't need that worry . I purchased a locking Touratech mount to hold the 550 in place , but it is HUGE .2 . I 've had to replace my cradle twice because of issues with it . I 'm not sure I 'm happy about that , because the cradle is expensive.Overall , I think this is a great GPS system . I 've recently replaced it with the newer Garmin z&uuml;mo 665 , but it was n't that I disliked the 550 , I just like a couple of the features of the 665 . Here 's the thing
 This fully loaded motorcycle accessory is well thought out and packed with features that can not be gotten on any other GPS unit . The ability to easily mark a route and download it to the unit gives all sorts of possibilities in taking a ride into unknown areas . The rugged construction and weather proofing should give it a long life . The bright screen is easily seen even when wearing polarized sun glasses and in the bright sun . The touch screen can be activated with the gloved hand or the easy to tap buttons on the side of the screen . This is not an inexpensive GPS but it seems well worth the money for what it provides for motorcyclists
 This little device is WONDERFUL . Someone has already stated that it is built like a tank and I could not agree more ! I have no negatives to report about the device itself.Now , I do have one major con for the software . To clarify , you get software on the GPS and you also get Mapsource software to load on your computer to make routes with that you can upload into your GPS . I really do not like the Mapsource software for the computer but when I bought my device in 2009 , what I read indicated that even though the software was n't perfect , it was pretty much the best that could be had . Today , 10/6/10 , I understand it 's still about the same scenario as far as routing software goes . Most people probably want to tell the GPS where they 're going and let the device tell them how to get there . If that 's what you want , this is perfect . But , for a motorcyclist we want the capability to create our own routes . With the software you get , it is just a headache -- it can be done but it 's a headache.So , let the record show that I vote 5 stars for the actual GPS device . I vote another 5 stars for versatility , the ability to put it on the motorcycle or put it in your car . I bought a Cardo Scala blue tooth headset for my helmet and paired it with my Zumo 550 and that too works wonderfully -- 5 stars there . My only beef is with the routing software you use on your pc . But as I already stated , I think it 's the best that can be had right now.All in all , I am extremely happy with my Zumo 550 and would recommend it . If I could turn back time and buy it again or choose not to , I would happily buy it again .
 No need to repeat all the details from prior reviews.Please note -- You can no longer load the complete map set on the device -LRB- official response from Garmin tech support -RRB- due to memory limits inherent in the device . You will have to choose which areas you want to load on the device , e.g. you ca n't load Canada and the U.S. Very limiting if you plan on using the device during an extensive trip .
 Installation was straightforward . Programminng from the included mapping cd was easy . The Zumo finds position faster than my iWay . If you dedide to alter your programmed route it recalculates very quickly to get you to your destination . It is easy to see and easy to read , The music downloaded to the unit from iTunes sounds good through the headset and I can use the Bluetooth to answer my cellphone if necessary . It also looks good on the bike . I have no complaints at all . Great unit and worth the pricey cost .
 The Zumo is a work in progress . It 's being constantly refined and updated . This is a good thing in that all improvements are easily added to the older units through Garmin 's excellent customer service programs . It 's easy to use and very accurate . On a recent ride , we had the Zumo along , but not loaded with a route . We were familiar with the roads we were riding until we decided to explore a new route that would eliminate having to ride on a freeway . We became a little -LRB- OK , a lot -RRB- lost . Normally we would have rode around until we found our way back , but with the Zumo along , we simply pressed the `` Go Home '' feature and it led us flawlessly out of our situation and home . Love it .
 Easy to use ! We love it ! I would have liked to have known about the extra parts required -LRB- for motorcycle use -RRB- to be able to use it to it 's full capability . Such as wiring harness and special antenna for XM radio . But otherwise it has been one of the best extras we have purchased for the bike . We have already used it on several long trips and are planning a 9 day trip this summer . It transfers easily to the car or truck with little effort . I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a GPS for a bike .
 So far I am mostly pleased with this GPS . There are a couple of things that I think could be done better :1 . A motorcycle GPS should have an option to pick the route with the most turns or some similar criteria . Grouping cars and motorcycles together and then allowing choices such as taxis , buses , and trucks to determine the type of route does n't make much sense to me .2 . I have a bluetooth headset that allows me to switch back and forth between a wireless intercom and the GPS , but when I switch from GPS to wireless intercom the GPS is dropped and I have to go through the menus to reconnect it . An automatic reconnect would be nice .
 Listening to all of the complaints about the Zumo can , at times , be quite comical . `` It does n't have bluetooth stereo at 500 watts of power over my cell phone , '' etc , etc. . I bought the unit six months ago and mounted it on a Harley Ultra Classic and then promptly left on a 4,500 mile trip . I found the thing to be highly reliable and remarkable in the amount of data available for recall or review . Once you get used to using the search features , it 's like having an electronic Yellow Pages at your disposal . The only thing it could n't find was my wife when she got loose in Macy 's . Only occasionally did the thing route me along a path that I would n't have chosen otherwise . But , I simply ignored it on those occasions and struck out on my own . There is a tendency to forget that I chose how the thing calculates a route ; shortest travel distance or faster travel time . In that regard , the unit is rarely off track -- it does what you ask it to do . Only once have I encountered a situation where it asked me to turn on a road that did not exist . I just ignored the direction and it recalculated , sending me on the correct path . It will not , however , play 45 RPM or LP records . Who cares if the speaker is n't loud enough , it ca n't be heard on a motorcycle anyway . Remember that this is a GPS unit designed to guide you from point A to point B , with a minimum of fuss and confusion . In that regard , the unit performs remarkably well and should provide years of dependable service . I 've used the Zumo in the Middle East and in Eastern Europe with equal success and have experienced no difficulties at all . If your goal is to purchase a mapping system that will take you from point A to point B , you will be well pleased . If you want an entertainment center , then avoid the Zumo and go visit a Panasonic electronics dealer . -LRB- Product Update 10/22/2011 -RRB-
 Having now used the ZUMO on my BMW R1200RT for the past month , I can say that this was money well spent . The display , depending on where the unit 's mounted , can sometimes be hard to see in the sun , but that 's to be expected . I ended up mounting the unit between the handlebars -LRB- BMW mount -RRB- , but a higher location -LRB- like on a dash or shelf -RRB- using the RAM mount or similar would solve the glare issue.The display is large enough and it 's easy to switch between screens to access different functions . I do wish that I could keep the unit from reverting back to a `` zoomed-out '' view of the map after making a turn , but again , a small point.The unit is truly `` glove friendly '' and I like how the keyboard automatically reconfigures when using the bike mount or the car mount . It 's like all Garmin units when it comes to typing in points of interest -LRB- somewhat tedious , but simple -RRB- and the accuracy is better than on my old GPS V and Nuvi.I bit the bullet and also bought the GXM30 antenna , as I use the ZUMO to listen to XM radio and it works very well for this with no additional grounding needed . The music feature is , again , very easy to use and I do n't mind switching screens to go from navigating to music as it only requires pressing one button a few times.The unit has been exposed to a few rainstorms without a problem and the design of the mount lets me take it off the bike when going to get something to eat , etc. . The rubber caps on the mount also ensure that the connections stay protected when the ZUMO is removed -LRB- storms , dust , washing the bike , etc. -RRB- . Very pleased with the unit and would highly recommend .
 It is my first GPS navigator , but I am very happy with it . I have used it on my motorcycle with gloves on , as well as in my car . It works quite well .
 Have n't used yet due to my location on Guam . If features work half as well as advertised I will be happy .
 Excellent GPS goes from car to bike to handheld easily . Easy to use I wish I had this on my last crosscountry trip .
 My first purchased GPS unit for street use . I am totally satisfied with this unit , I used it on a 5K + mile in 9 day road trip and all the benefits of a navigation system were there right with me on the bike . Road thru days of rain , heading east on the 10 , LA , MS , AL , FL , GA , and then north on the 95 GA , SC and NC it was pouring in all thoses states their respective crossing and this never screwed with the unit . Real hard cross winds in OK , TX and NM did n't phase it and neither did temperatures as low as 30 . I rode at high speeds with the unit and it did not interfere with handling or loosen the mount . '07 ZX-10 . Functional mounting hardware comes with and if one ever takes a road trip in a four wheel vehicle with this unit the kit comes with a car powered mount with voice ... very versatile and I am a happy camper .
 I added the Garmin Nuvi 550 GPS to my motorcycle toys and it added a tremendous value to the riding experience . It was great to have an easy view of the roads besides the interstate and plot a more scenic trip . I did n't use the MP3 function , but appreciated the `` bluetooth '' feedback into my helmet headset.This is a MUST addition for any serious touring rider !
 The Zumo 550 GPS has worked like a charm for me , right out of the box . Its controls and manipulations are intuitive and a cinch to master . Instalation is easy , and straight forward . The mounts on both my car and motorcycle and all hardware and instructions , came with the unit in the well-designed box.I have little interest or talent for technical puzzle - solving or complicated wrenching , so this product was a friendly , knowledgeable passenger from the first use . On the second use , it got me to a destination when I had absolutely no idea where I was . This is the first and only ground-based GPS I have used , but I ca n't imagine a better one . I am thankful and pleased that I got this particular iteration of the GPS .
 Pros
 Great product . I have had this item for a month now and have used both on my MC and in my truck . Love it . It works fine in both places , I had previous experience with both the Hertz Neverlost System and with Enterprise system so am familiar with the use of the GPS devices . I would strongly recommend .
 We used our 550 on a 11 day ride up the Great River Road . The trip was over 4000 miles ,12 States ,3 Great Lakes and Canada . The 550 worked as advertised in upper 90 's , low 40 's and in heavy . . heavy rain . Supplied software allowed us to plan our route on our laptop , then download to our units . The find gas , lodging and food was a great feature and used a lot.Two thumbs up !!!!!
 to get a GPS?When my unit arrived , I was pleasantly surprised to see all that was included - two mounts , cables , software , etc. I immediately installed the suction cup windshield mount in the car and played with it for several weeks . -LRB- Mount fell of the windshield once , but no further problems . -RRB- My first experience was with a familiar route from which I deviated . The voice prompt kept trying to turn me around to continue on the route that it had calculated instead of recalculating the shorter/faster route that I drove.I next used it for a 1400 mile trip . The constant directions to `` keep right on I-95 '' were intrusive and unnecessary as I knew I had to stay on that route for hundreds of miles.I discovered that a few street names were wrong and the text-to-voice mispronounced some names -LRB- Airport road was spoken as `` Ayreporch . `` I could have left it in the case for most of the trip , but it was INVALUABLE for negotiating local streets and finding my hotel , etc.Just the lists of lodging and food would make this a useful asset for anyone traveling.It would not prove useful for anyone depending on an accurate source for elevation . While on a fishing boat in the Gulf of Mexico , it indicated my elevation was anywhere from +43 ft to 26 feet below sea level.The estimated 4 hours on battery seems accurate as I got over 3 hours with it set to maximum brightness and with WAAS turned on , both of which reduces battery life.This is my first GPS , so I have nothing to compare it to.I also have not yet installed it on the bike , but will be doing that for a trip next week . Perhaps I 'll add my experiences then.In spite of the minor annoyances , I like it but would not have paid the manufacturer 's list price for it . Amazon 's price was still expensive , but more reasonable . The dual mounts almost make it like having two units !
 Just bought the 550 for my bike and it 's great . It comes with everything you need to use it in your car/truck AND on your motorcycle . It navigates and recalculates very quickly and so far is very accurate.It 's also obvious that Garmin put some thought into the engineering of this unit . The mounts are sturdy and it 's easy to use.My only complaint is the cost of the XM antenna ... it 's over $ 200 . You can buy an XM radio for less than that , so why not just put an audio input jack on the GPS and allow me to listen to my own MP3 player and/or XM radio through it ?
 What a great product !!! Well designed , fast response times , all the items you need are included -LRB- bike & car mounts etc -RRB- A wider screen , and hard buttons on the right side for direct mp3 control would make it perfect -LRB- you have to go through a few screens to get to the mp3 controls -RRB- , but this is their first generation motorcycle GPS -LRB- I guess a Zumo 650 will be next -RRB- . Over all , a fantastic and usefull addition to my bike & car . It 's kind of like a IPOD , very easy to use but very sophisticated . Update -LRB- OCT 2009 -RRB- It 's been over two years since I have the unit . I was close on the new version , called the 660 not 650 . Anyway , I love this GPS . Used all over the Northeast , 20,000 odd miles . One thing I would like to add is about Garmin customer service . I started to have a problem with the unit , even though it was years out of warranty , Garmin exchanged it for a new one at no charge . I assume they sent a reconditioned one but it had all the new maps and POI 's loaded and looked new . They also transferred my Mad Maps from the old unit . Very very satisfied !!!
 People complain about the Zumo not having a built in speaker . Well , you would n't be able to hear it while riding your bike it if it had one , so it 's a bit of a moot point.On a side note , I think there are some features the unit lacks that can be somewhat annoying . First , and definitely the most annoying for me , the elevation by which you view your position on a GPS determines the amount of detail you see , i.e. POI 's , street names , distance of road to travel , etc. . The units I have used previously -LRB- factory nav in a Honda , other Garmins and the Mio 310 to name a few -RRB- had the ability to select zoom/elevation from the main nav screen allowing you to choose your `` view '' of the road so to speak , at anytime . With the Zumo , you can not change elevation/zoom from the main nav screen , you can only adjust it while in map mode searching for a destination . The second you go back to the main navigation screen you loose the elevation you chose and go back to a default level of zoom , which for me is real irritating.Another annoying feature is the keyboard for text input does not offer a QWERTY layout . I have not had to type on an ABCDEF style keyboard since the invention on the PC . In fact , I have a Garmin IQue 3600 that 's 4 years old and it has a QWERTY keyboard?Also , the search function on the Zumo is relatively slow at times . I once waited 4 + minutes while searching for a popular restaurant . It found it eventually , but for a while I thought the unit just froze up . I happen to be sitting in my driveway so it was only a minor annoyance , but if you were parked on the roadside with cars buzzing by it would seem more like an eternity.One other issue , the built in hard drive is pretty much full with maps right out of the box , which is n't that big of a deal with the open SD slot . The SD slot lets you slip in a SD card for expanded memory capability -LRB- MP3 storage etc. -RRB- , but when loading routes from your PC -LRB- which is a great feature I 'll touch on below -RRB- you must save the data directly to the units hard drive in order for the Zumo to be able to read it . Well , that 's going to be an issue when the hard drive fills up from firmware updates , etc.While I 'm at it , I think the icon that marks your position on the map is annoyingly large . It makes your car or bike look the size of a lake , or some other large map detail.On the plus side , I believe that all of the issues I mentioned are correctable via a firmware update and a few bugs are to be expected to some extent given this is the 1st generation of a new model . Although , you can also argue that with the price this thing sells for combined with the experience Garmin has building GPS devices there is really no excuse for the Zumo lacking anything.A nice feature , which is common on Garmins top units , is that you can map out routes on your PC , load it to the Zumo -LRB- again , on the built in hard drive though not the SD card -RRB- and away you go . This comes in handy if you 're in sales for example and need to hit a few clients on a particular day or if you 're going to be cruising on your bike and have a bunch of places you want to stop at during the trip . Rather than having to wait and program destinations one at a time as you make your stops , you can knock them all out the night before on your PC so you 're entire trip is planned before it 's even begun.Also , the Bluetooth feature is sweet and works flawlessly . Pairing the Zumo with my Blackberry was a breeze . The Zumo was able to read my address book and displayed the contacts on the phone screen so there was never a need to touch the Blackberry once paired . When in the car , the speaker worked well and people on the other end seemed to have no trouble hearing me . I disagree with the one reviewer that said the mount looked weak . I think the mount would successfully support a cinderblock on rough road.Installing the Zumo on my ZZR1200 took me about 30 min . It takes some time to run the wires and connect to the battery . You will need to crimp connectors -LRB- that are not supplied -RRB- on the end of the wires that go to the battery . The Ram mount is real solid . The Zumo does not move once you 're locked in and on the road.Now for the justification of the 4 star rating given I beat the Zumo up quite a bit . The build quality of this thing it second to none . It is literally built like a tank . I 'd bet it would outlast anyone who buys it . Again , firmware updates will likely take care of all its shortcomings over time . And last but not least , Garmin tech support is second to none . No matter who you speak to they are knowledgeable , professional and will provide answers to anything you can throw at them -LRB- and I come up with some good ones -RRB- all without making you feel like you 're annoying or a technological moron.Therefore , I do n't think you can go wrong with any Garmin , if you can swallow the price of the unit .
 I just wanted to comment on the Zumo 550 with current software . I purchased this unit about 3 weeks ago and before I got it I was a little disheartened by some people 's reviews on some lacking features . However when i got the unit and upgraded to the latest software -LRB- that was available as of 4/15/2007 -RRB- many negative comments seem to have been addressed -LRB- if I 'm understanding the commented issues correctly -RRB- . First the views of the unit seem very flexable and I do n't see the limitations . You can select between 2-D top down views for the people who are used to that view or 3-D . The unit has multiple levels of zoom/un-zoom from the big buttons on the outside as well as on the touch screen ... I 'm just not seeing any limitations . You can also taylor how much detail you want to see on the screen -LRB- more or less -RRB- . The only thing I do agree with is the Icon 's used to show your position -LRB- you can choose between about 6 or so -RRB- are kind of large . Would have been nice to have the choice to alter that but I chose the ` wedge ' and it works nicely with the screen size . Second , definitely a software upgrade was the addition of two different compus views . . . one small indication on the main map screen and a full 360 degree compus graphic with ELEVATION on a separate screen -LRB- selectable from the big rubber buttons or through the menu -RRB- . The unit is unbelievable compared to earlier units I 've had . . I can litterally stand in my family room under cover and turnaround and move 1 step -LRB- sometimes 2 is needed -RRB- and the unit will reflect the change in direction ! I use this with a common motorola razr phone and a Scala Rider helmet bluetooth unit -LRB- on a shoei rf-1000 helmet -RRB- and everything works perfectly . Also , as far as weatherproofing the manual indicates it can be kept under 1 meter of water for 30 minutes ! Great mounting hardware and super easy to use . . definitely a fantastic unit with the latest software upgrades . Thanks .
 The 550 works very well . Specs say it works between 32 & 140 degrees . I ride all winter - so far it works at 15 degrees F. Surprisingly easy to use with heavy winter riding gloves . The motorcycle mount is much cleaner than I expected . Very flexible , allowing the unit to tuck in close and not look dorky . The car mount is clean with an acceptable albeit not great speaker . It 's VERY easy to move between vehicles . I was somewhat disappointed at first about the lack of a built in speaker , but if I need to walk around with it , it 's no big deal to use your cell phone Bluetooth with it . Maybe that 's the price you pay for a truely waterproof unit . While riding , you can hear the alert tone using a cell phone Bluetooth , but can not understand the audio . I plugged in iPod ear buds into the bike mount and it sounds great without being obvious about being `` plugged in '' -LRB- I ride a half helmet -RRB- . If you use a full face with built in speakers you will be very happy with the audio.Others complained about the lack of things like a real compass and satellite acquisition display and built in speaker . I have addressed the speaker issue . The compass displays eight points -LRB- like the one in the rear view mirror of your GM car -RRB- . That 's all I really need . Showing the satellites it has acquired is neat - but what do I really care - the thing is very sensitive . I get 5 of 5 bars IN my house . The MP3 player does work well although it does not have play lists . You can at least sort by album , artist and genre . To listen to decent quality audio , you will need ear buds . Displaying pictures looks good but the response is a little sluggish.Storing up to 50 routes is great - and being able to download them to Google Earth and visualize them is very slick -LRB- it does take Google Earth Plus - a $ 20 annual fee to support this feature -RRB- . Overall I am VERY pleased with this unit - it does exactly what I need -LRB- and then some -RRB- - looks great - very sturdy .
 The new Zumo 550 is a big step forward in ease of use , but sacrifices some of the flexibility of previous units -LRB- Streepilot series , x76C series -RRB- . The touch screen display and integrated buttons on the left side of the unit are easy to use even with riding gloves , and the new locking mount is a big improvement . GPS reception also seems to be GREATLY improved ; not getting lost under dense tree coverage . The display is relatively big , bright and clear ; but difficult to read in really bright sunlight . Also , much of the screen is used for large display items and touch `` buttons '' , so the actual map display is fairly small . The built in battery is an improvement over the StreetPilot , allowing the unit to be used when the motorcycle is off . The battery also allows the unit to be connected to a PC without an AC adapter.The new operating system is easy to learn and use , but lacks some of the flexibility of other units . Long time GPS users may feel restricted by the fixed display formats , but new users probably wo n't notice . The operating software still has a few bugs and route guidance prompts need some work , but Garmin does a good job of making updates available -LRB- with WebUpdater -RRB- and has already released v2 .3 . The MP3 player is simple to use but does not support playlists and still seems to have software bugs.I have linked the ZUMO to a bluetooth helmet -LRB- Dainese -RRB- and phone -LRB- LG-VX8500 -RRB- and it seems to work very well . Although told that the MP3 would not work over bluetooth , it does in my set-up . In summary
 All the write-ups suggested this Zumo 550 was going to be impressive . They were n't wrong . The BIG positives , from my perspective :1 . Satellite acquisition must be seen to be believed . In my basement it took less than 15 seconds , out of the box , first power-up . That performance has been repeated every time since , with the exception of first-power-up after upgrading the firmware to 3.2 . Thereafter it went back to sub-20 second acquisition .2 . Its built like it should be , like you wanted it to be . Solid . Its going to spend time on my Harley ElectraGlide and in my Corvette and I wanted someting that matched their image . I got it .3 . Firmware upgrade was a 5 minute affair , no hassles , no fuss , no tears . Several nice new features were added , for my 5-minute investment .4 . Interchangeable top and bottom plates , in contrasting black , are a nice little extra . They even included the Allen wrench for the 3-minute task .5 . There 's no need to buy extra -LRB- read , `` expensive '' -RRB- accessories . This was the biggie , for me . This unit ships with a bike mount , complete with hard-wire power connector , AND it ships with a car-mount , with its own power connector . The fact that Garmin includes BOTH mounts with this unit was the deciding factor for me . The fact that both docking cradles with each mount are thoughtfully designed to allow super-quick , super-solid on and off mounting of the GPS unit itself , is a nice added plus . Also , the voice quality and volume of the built-in speaker in the car mount is impressive .6 . Bluetooth pairing of both my Blackberry 8700 and my Jabra BT800 was simple and flawless . Thereafter , when the BB and the Jabra were on and the Zumo was insereted into either the bike mount or the car mount , the Zumo automatically paired back with each unit , within 30 seconds of being mounted . I love technology that works . The real zinger was that the Zumo synched the 400-odd contacts in my BB8700 , inside of 45 seconds .7 . For me , simply put , Garmin hit a BIG homerun with the design , execution and packaging of their new Zumo 550 . Is it expensive ? Not really , considering I did n't need to go out and scrounge up the expensive extras Garmin included for free . And the little things , like designing a magnetically-positioned weather cover for the bike 's connector pins , is just icing on a big , well-decorated cake.Bravo , Garmin .
 The zumo is awesome . I knew I would like having gps with me while I ride , but I never knew how much it would change the way I ride . I use it to find small twisty back roads , make a route on the fly , and spend more time on my idea of nice roads than ever in the past.The controls are easy to use and intuitive . I have only had to look a couple of processes up in the owner 's manual.The mounting systems are spectacular . It is so nice to be able to swap the unit between my car and bike effortlessly.I purchased a 1G card to put music on while I ride . It works very well when it pauses the music to give verbal directions.Compared to the prices of other systems , if you ride a bike , this is the best .
 As you can see 4 stars . It is not perfect . I have been a Magellan user for 4 years and I first purchased a Magellan for my Motorcycle . It broke twice probably because it could n`t take the vibration . Magellan does n't make a GPS for Motorcycles.I then tried the Tom Tom and was totally disappointed . It could n't bee seen much better than My Magellan in sunlight and the map area on the screen was too small due to the on screen menu items . I packed it up and sent it back within two hours of looking at it.The second time my Magellan broke , I ordered the Zumo . It does n't have many of the features I am used to with my Magellan , and I am somewhat prejudiced because I am not used to the Zumo . On my first major trip , I missed an exit on the NY Thruway and It took me almost 50 miles out of the way because I unknowingly had an option of no U turns checked off . On several other trips it wanted to take me out of the way.It is however , made for motorcycles . It even has a motorcycle icon on it . If you use it in your car and with your motorcycle , it will also automatically change configurations when it is changed from the motorcycle mount to the automobile mount.There are various screens that you can turn to which show other functions of your travel and your trip . The speed is shown when you are on the map and one other window . This is important as most motorcycle speedometers are not accurate . They usually read 10 % slower than your actually speed . After you look at your speed you must multiply the reading by .9 . Too much driver inattention.The handlebar mount allows the unit to be right up in your face so that you do n't have to take your eyes off the road to see it . I do not use my speedometer any more . It is not very bright in direct sunlight and I intend to purchase or make a sun-shield for it.On the trip window , it tells you your average speed for the trip , the average speed while moving and your highest speed . You can zero them individually . There is a gas gauge . It works by you in-putting the range of your full tank and it will notify you when you have thirty miles left . It then shows an Icon on the screen to locate gas stations in the area.I could go on , but you can see I am pleased . I understand that this is a new unit and that the system will be upgrades as they get user comments.Well I am off to learn about the traffic system as the satellite radio system that I think are internal and that you only have to purchase antennas for . It is probably easier for a user to learn it that has not used a different system . I still use my Magellans in my autos -LRB- cages -RRB-
 I love this product . I honestly , do n't know what I would have done without it on a 9000 mile loop of the US that I made on my 2003 Harley in August of 2008 . In addition to guiding my way through unknown wilderness without ever losing a signal even among the tall forests of Northern California and keeping me company one night when even truckers had the good sense to pull over rather than dare the desolate mountains -LRB- that were on fire ! -RRB- at night , it was a great sense of comfort and help when trying to find lodging , and especially GAS!That said , Garmin 's not going to win any kudos for using maps that are at least 50 years out of date . I expected the maps that came with the unit to be a little more current for a new device , not to mention rather new technology . Maybe that 's how they get their residuals on a product that is astonishingly free to use the GPS service . As , while firmware updates are free to download , map updates are rather pricy . Considering the accuracy of the included maps , I 'm very reluctant to gamble that their latest -LRB- yearly ? -RRB- update will be much better , even though they clearly have much room for improvement . I 've found a number of major roads I frequently travel in NC and TN that were shifted or even layed over 20 years ago that are n't accurately recorded , some are n't even included . While it 's kind of funny when the GPS shows you riding through pasteurs or even a lake alongside the road you 're on , it 's less cute when it detours you off a major highway , just to essentially cut the corner with a pair of exit ramps and re-emerge on the same road you just left.But that 's the least of the adventure that might lay ahead . In Wyoming it had me turn off a major highway that was hardly new itself , to climb a narrow , winding hillside , which was mapped perfectly , turn for turn , until I came to a dead end that the Garmin showed to keep on going . Looking over the gate at the end of this road that was only still open because of a seemingly little-used campsite at the top of the mountain , I could n't even see any sign that a road had ever been there , just a steep dropoff and thick vegetation . If the road ever continued , it must have been closed off more than 50 years ago . Dodging deep potholes and large piles of both hard and fresh dung that had yet to be flattened , left by some animal I half-hoped not to encounter for fear that it would be a long time before the next passer-by -LRB- unless they have a Garmin GPS too -RRB- , I made my way back to the road I was previously traveling where the Garmin quickly corrected itself.That 's one of the great things about a GPS , it quickly recalculates your route , if you miss a turn , hit a detour , or even if it 's what messes you up and it warns about sharp curves in the road ahead . But , Wyoming was far from the only time I wondered if God was trying to tell me something -LRB- I 'm not always the best listener -RRB- or maybe just trying to hold me up , as shortly after one such event in northern California , where the Garmin could n't seem to get its bearing and then just as suddenly corrected itself , I rode up on a bike accident in the middle of nowhere that took several hours before emergency services were able to land a chopper to fly one of the riders to the nearest emergency center in Nevada . I was n't much help ; but I stuck around , just in case I was being called to lend a hand.Of course , like anything I guess , it 's a products problems that are most remembered , even something rather insignificant like a five mile detour just to have you turn around at the next major intersection and head back the way you came , when any business or smaller road along the way would have done just fine , all because you were facing the wrong way when you programmed in a new address . And , of course , there are things that are n't it 's fault , like two different houses within 5 miles of each other outside Atlanta , that both have the exact same address - go figure . We sometimes tend to be overly quick to forget how dependable and helpful a thing has been before it has failed us . And many times did this GPS pull me out of a jam , find alternate routes when road construction had me baking in the hot sun , and helped me find a place to eat or lay my head when delays on the road held me up . More importantly it eased my worry that gas was within reach when my needle was hovering on empty . It also kept me from paying over $ 1 more per gallon at a station in the Southern California desert that seemed to prey on unsuspecting travelers who have n't seen a station in awhile and are unaware of their options just a couple miles ahead.Being made to take the pounding and weather of riding , this GPS cost more than a standard model made solely for a car . Since I bought mine , you can now even get the same thing from Harley for nearly twice the price if you want it in black with an HD logo . But , if it 's anything like their helmets , the premium is for the HD name more than any improvements , that and the lack of retailer discounting by Harley . By comparison the price of the original seems a bargain . This Zumo 550 has been through some blistering hot rides and some fairly cold weather too . It 's been through rainstorms , windstorms , and over 10,000 miles on a Harley Fatboy that , while big and heavy , is n't really the smoothest riding bike for long treks . I even dropped the bike once when a strong gust caught me tired and unprepared in Yellowstone . And the GPS has fallen from the windshield to the floor of my truck several times when the car windshield adapter failed to stick due to dramatic changing temperatures and/or changing humidity outside during the course of the day -LRB- not to worry , the bike mount uses a handlebar clamp that wo n't budge , unless you adjust it , and licking the suction cup on the car windshield mount seems to do the trick too -RRB- . The elevation never had any effect on this GPS either . If memory serves , about 9000 feet above see level was the highest I climbed . Checking the elevation is a neat feature to have , in the Rockies especially . This thing has far too many features to mention , but ones that proved especially useful or interesting on my trip include
 Easy to use . feature rich out of the box . Ready for mounting . Open to on the bike to on the road in no time.Some people say GPS minimizes the adventure spirit of motorcycling . I disagree completely . This device allows you to wander and find your way back very easily.Buy it
 Having been a long time user of Garmin 's 2610 , I was leery of another offering from Garmin , mainly because of the shortcomings with the software . Not to worry . The Zumo has cured the many problems inherent in the older models . Also it is so much easier to use while on the motorcycle , even while wearing gloves.Even though the CD is rudimentary , and there is no paper manual , the software is intuitive and easy to use . The only problem I could see is if a new purchaser is unfamiliar with use of the Mapsource product to plan a route on the PC and download to the GPS , which is the way I plan all group rides that I lead . I could find no user guide to Mapsource . Fortunately I already knew how to map a route on the PC . Unfortunately the current Mapsource maps are not any easier to use in planning a ride on the PC than the prior offerings.Many of the back roads I use are not visible on Mapsource until the scale is down to .3 of a mile . Then it is a slow process to map the route the entire trip . I note that other map providers , such as Google Maps , do n't have this problem . Maybe Garmin will eventually solve this shortcoming , and I will have no complaints about the product.All things considered , I give the Zumo high marks , and am glad I made the jump from the 2610 .
 Purchased the Garmin Zumo 550 to mount on my Harley . Exceptional product . Simple to use even when riding with gloves . Love the ease of transfering from Bike to Truck.The Unit comes with all the Hardware , Chargers , Mounts and Cable needed . Nothing else to buy . Very acurate . Bluetooth capable as well as storing Music . If your interested in a great one time purchase , I recommend the Garmin Zumo
 I purchased the Zumo 550 after seeing something very similar at the Harley shop for a good bit more money . My decision to make this investment was based on several experiences where I got lost and almost ran out of gas . I was impressed with the wealth of information available on various internet forums to aid with installation , setup , and navigation . I opted for placement in the center of the fairing on my '07 FLHTCU so it is right in front of my line of vision . Everything works great ! I have used the included mapsourse software to plot several trips and have also downloaded directions to all HD dealers in the US . I am using a Bluetooth headset with the GPS and also have my iPhone paired with it . I tried putting some mp3 music on an SD card and the music does n't sound that great via the mono bluetooth setup , but I can still enjoy music playing through the bike stereo , so its no big deal . There was an initial learning curve with all of the features , but it did n't take long to become familiar and comfortable . Now I take it everywhere I go and do n't have to worry about getting lost or running out of gas ; it even has a reminder for when I 'm getting low and need to find a station . I would recommend this GPS to anyone that 's looking for a tough and functional GPS for thier bike .
 GARMIN 010-00567-00 Zumo 550 GPS ReceiverPicked this puppy up on anticipation of a bike ride from Washington State to New Mexico , into California and back . Features I like include
 Even though the price is more than what I wanted to pay , it was worth it . I like the choices of voices and ease of use . Like all GPSs , you have to get use to inaccuracies during your trip . It 's good to study your route before heading out . Sometimes common sence is better than the GPS itself . Battery life is good . Just wish it would work with my current cell phone -LRB- EnV -RRB- .
 I always said I would not have a GPS especially for my motorcycle . Well this unit is fabulous . Very user friendly , easy to read , easy to program & easy to switch from one menu to another . Great product .
 I have a TomTom rider that I replaced with the Zumo 550 , just like night and day . I can preplan routes , and create routes on the fly . I hard wired it into my Ultra Classic using a J&M harness , instead of Blueooth . Works great , a better lock would be great . The screen is brighter and easier to read . I would buy it again , and did . I gave one to my girlfriend .
 First of all , do n't buy elsewhere ... promises of lower prices are simply NYC scam jobs ... The Zumo allows you to integrate navi , phone , and SDHC music with basically no effort ... The product is awesome in every way ... waterproof for a motorcycle ... I coulpled this with a scala rider 2 and it works great ... a bit hard to hear at highway speeds but no complaint ... I 'm very happy with the zumo ... you will be too!Advice
 I have owned this device for almost two months now , and find it to be a very well made product . Adding an 8 GB SD card makes it the only music player that I need for the motorcycle and the car . It 's a damned fine GPS too . As usual , the mapping products supplied by Garmin leave a little to be desired , since there have been a few roads I 've travelled that were n't in the maps -LRB- on four year old roads -RRB- . But overall , anyone should be very happy purchasing this unit .
 Have only had the Zumo for a month and have used it a lot . It works very well , and using it is easy and intuitive . The spoken directions are clear and in combination with the written ones on the screen , I have never been lost .
 The device has not made it to my bike yet . It has been taken over by my non-technical wife which speaks highly of it 's ease of use.It is definitely suitable for a gloved hand but also adjustable . It is versatile and intuitive . Accuracy is good and since we are on the road more she appreciates the warning as to how far away the next turn is.I would recommend this device to anyone on a bike or for a car . I also bought a couple of Nuvi 360s for Christmas gifts.This is a great product .
 Having waiting to purchase our first GPS it had to be multi functional.The ZUMO 550 is easily switched from motorcycle to car with the included brackets . The touch screen has worked well even for novice operators . Directions has been excellent although it insists on taking the main roads and not the usual shortcuts .
 The Zumo 550 , has performed , to this point , perfectly ! The unit mounted easily on the bike -LRB- Yamaha Venture -RRB- and the car mount is solid and easy to use . Overall , I could not be happier with the unit . It helps to read the manual , but the unit is so simple to use , you can use it right out of the box , with a very easy to use menu selection . The unit satellite acquisition is fast and you are on your way very quickly . I recommend it for any motorcyclist who feels the need to use a GPS .
 Outstanding product . I had a Garmin Street Pilot c330 , which did a fairly good job . But when I used it on my motorcycle , I had to cover it with a rainshield which made it hard to see and also hard to hear . After I saw several friends who had the Zumo on their bikes , I decided to get one . Although they all use helmet headsets to hear theirs , I seldom wear one when traveling . I put in a 4GB SD card , which holds about 87 albums , plugged it into the auxiliary jack on the front of my radio , and both the sound and music come through loud and clear.The bluetooth is a big plus . I had already installed bluetooth car kits in my vehicles , which many folks said it was hard to understand me when I talked . With the bluetooth in the Zumo , it not only works on my bike , but also works extremely well in the car . I put over 20,000 miles a year on my UltraClassic , and this makes navigating through backroads and interstates alike simple.I watched the price on Amazon , and finally bought it for $ 627.00 with no tax and free shipping . It comes packaged with everything you need for both car and motorcycle !
 This really is da bomb for a motorcycle GPS . I have had 3 others and after much research went with the 550 . I would go 5 stars but like others may have mentioned ... . the MP3 player can not be used unless the unit is in either the car cradle or the motorcyle cradle with external power connected . The headphone jack is part of the cradle not the GPS body . What this means to me is ... I ca n't just pop it off the bike and listen to music in my tent/hotel or around camp . It is not a dig deal since I have a mp3 on my cell phone but it would be a nice feature to have .
 This product is the best of it 's kind and Garmin 's support is even better . I 've lived with this unit for a few weeks now , and I can say that it is everything they claim . Great GPS for both car and MC . Thanks Amazon for a good price too .
 The Zumo works great on my motorcycle and my car . The user interface is the best and easiest I have seen . I sold my older Street pilot .
 Do n't even think about another unit for your motorcycle or car . Works fantastic ! Better than all the Magelan 's I have purchased over the years . Very easy interface and glove friendly.I wish there was a more secure mount for the motorcycle as it may fall out of the cradle without the screw . A lanyard would be a nice addition .
 This is a very nice product . The GPS itself is great . I rate it exceptionally high 5 of 5 . Furthermore , the RAM mounting hardware is nice . Having both a suction and handlebar mount is the right package for flexibility . The GPS works well both on the MC and in the car . The software Garmin provides does not do as well . I 'd rate it 3 of 5 . It is cumbersome and not at all intuitive . You would do very well to buy this unit . I strongly suggest it .
 Zumo works great , however , the item was incorrectly packaged . They had two car mounts , instead of 1 car mount and 1 motorcycle mount.The people at Zumo were extremely NOT helpful . Their customer service is terrible . They would not replace the mount , without going through a dog and pony show that was ridicules.I needed the motorcycle mount for a weekend trip , and they said it would take weeks to get a replacement to me , if they could at all . I have never experienced such poor customer service . Was quicker just to buy a new mount.This was no fault of Amazon , as they do not do the packaging . Amazon is great , and will shop with them again . I doubt I buy any more Garmin products though - as they will not offer the basic support thats required from a company of this caliber .
 The zumo arrived in a timely fashion and works great . We use it every time we ride our motorcycle .
 Love this item , waterproof , works great . Even though its one of the most costly GPS on the market it is well worth the cost . Alot of fetures that take a little time to learn but once you get use to it ... fantasticwould recomend to anyone wanting a GPS for a motorcylce works great on my Goldwing touring bike
 I love the garmin . The same day I got it it went on the bike . You do not need any kind of voice directions on the bike due to great screen with advanced instructions . On the included car mount , it talks great ! It has elevation figures and it gets signal from the satelite right away . I am really happy with the unit , it 's also super sturdy -LRB- it looks like it would do fine if it 's dropped -RRB- . The only thing I can think of that would make it better , it every time you have to navigate somewhere it asks if you want to go somewhere in your state . This gets kind of old and I would it rather assume I am going somewhere in the state , if not I should have a key to say diff state ! But this is a super small thinkg ! Buy with assurance and enjoy !
 I originally bought the Garmin Zumo 550 for my father for his birthday . He attempted to set it up , and spent over an hour on hold with Garmin . That was all he needed to let him know that he did not want it . I took it back to send it back but instead opted to check it out myself first . The difference between me and my dad is at 44 , I can find information on the web , my dad is not so computer literate . I had the unit up and running in a few hours and was semi pleased with it.I downloaded the user 's manual to learn about it and it 's support software . -LRB- Garmin should really take a look at TomTom 's interactive software and user manuals -RRB- The user manual for the Garmin 550 is at best `` basic '' , it strives so hard to touch on each subject , that it never covers any of them for operating the Zumo 550 or the support software that comes with it.I was fortunate that when I assumed ownership of this , I had a buddy locally that purchased one at about the same time . It is like having a local support/discovery group.If you are technically savy enough , get one , if not , go TomTom .
 I 've had this for about three years . It works like a charm and is as solid as a rock . During the cold weather months , it resides in my SUV , but in the motorcycle riding months , it makes sure I get home when I 'm wandering on two wheels .
 I added a 4gb card and made the unit recognize this as its boot drive . I have tons of songs and the olny downside is it takes a while to boot to a full map view with all my mps on the memory card . I 'll play with that more and work it out . Over all-5 of 5 starts-awesome . Marc -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you ride any type of motorcycle and are looking for a GPS this is the only unit to consider . Price is in line with others but quality and accuracy far surpasses others . Way too easy to operate and download routes from your PC . It will also conect to cell phone via bluetooth . Buy it or you will be sorry .
 To begin with , the turnaround on my order was much quicker than I expected ; it turned out that I lived close to the distributor.It was easy to mount the unit on my bike -LRB- Harley Sportster 1200 -RRB- , but I chose to have my dealer install the power cable for just over $ 50 . It was super-easy to connect with my Palm smartphone and Blue Ant headset . I loaded about 7 hours worth of music onto an SD card and found that pretty easy , too.The telephone and music features work well , and the navigation is excellent . I have n't figured out just what it is , but it 's superior to the Magellan unit I was using.Minor issues
 We have used the ZUMO550 GPS both locally and out of town , on the motorcycle and in the car . It is very easy to use and intuitive . On our trip out of town , it was a life saver when we had to navigate through downtown Buffalo at night , when following signs would have been most difficult . At home , we purposely went off course just to see how it would recover , and it did not fail . It is easy to add way points to a route.Problems
 I can not say enough good about this unit I have had it in 4 diffferent units . ` pickup , car , motorcycle , quad . On each unit it worked with not one problm . I would put an address in and it would put me with in 10 feet of my dest . If you went off corse it would reroute you right now . The only thing that I could see wrong with it is the speed did not match what I was in , but that could be the vehicle I was in . Over all I am very pleased with the 550 . papajoe
 The Garmin Zumo 550 has all of the features that you could possibly ask for and it is user friendly . Sadly enough the unit would not turn on as I was leaving for my first trip . Online support and well as live support could not get the unit to operate . Sooo , I had to send it back to Garmin International . I have not received the replacement yet . Be sure to insure it for full value if you need to return it . It works great ... when it works .
 I looked at all the GPS units and since I have a motorcycle this one does it all . I do not regret spending the extra money for it . The only thing I think could be improved is the unit should have some type of speaker set up for the motorcycle cradle like the car cradle has . The TTS and mp3 features are useles unless you have some sort of ear phones or bluetooth set up.I have gone on 4 trips so far since getting it in July and it has not led me astray . Even if I missed a turn it brings me back to where I am going . I had imported some custom POI 's and the coordinates were not correct on some of them . I did n't know it and neither did the GPS . It took me to where the coordinates were . Unfortunatly it was in a residential section instead of the business section of that town . The GPS did it 's job but the imported data was wrong . I do n't fault the unit for that . Remember GPS is like a computer . The results you get back is only as good as the info put in .
 This is the first GPS I 've owned/used . It works great . Some reviews I read complain about the time it takes to recalculate the route , it recalculated the route way faster than I could have .
 This item fit the bill for me . . great for the motorcycle . . good features . . I also suscribed to XM radio for the tunes while on the Motorcycle ... I highly recommend this product . . I also use it in my truck . .
 does everything I expected and does it well . Screen is easily readable even in direct sunlight . Controls are simple and easy to use wearing gloves . If you 're looking for a great motorcycle GPS this is it .
 I have been pleased with the GPS.The Zumo allows for avoiding certain roads however it does not include Interstates avoidance in the systemcheck . You can probably map this avoidance in the computer ; however it is not as simple as through the system.Voice direction works very well with the audio system of my motorcycle .
 The Zumo 550 is the 3rd GPS I 've owned -LRB- 60c and a Nuvi -RRB- and it certainly measures up very well . The screen and controls are super . Its start up is fast . On the bike it is easy to see and control with or without gloves . Mounting it and runing the wires on two different bikes was very straight forward . It comes with almost everything you need , but if you plan on loading a bunch of mp3s then you 'll want to buy a 1 or 2 gig card cause there is little room on the unit itself . No big deal . I am not sure the routing capability is as good as the 60c but more testing will tell -LRB- absence of routing is a big flaw in my NUVI -RRB- . You also ca n't use it as an mp3 player unless it is in the bike or car cradle because there is no headphone jack on the unit -- only on the cradle . That 's a flaw . Mine has XM capability and I love XM in my cars but it costs $ 200 for an antenna for the Zumo . XM is loosing out on that because I 'd have XM in a heartbeat with the Zumo but I am not paying 200 to do it . They should be giving the antenna away just to get people to subscribe -- maybe require a minimum commitment or something like DirecTV . Basically though the ZUMO is another great Garmin product .
 Let me first say that this DVD writer does an excellent job at what it 's supposed to do ... write DVDs . I have stored all my digital pictures on DVDs and play them as a slideshow on my HD TV ... my kids love it.Yes , the unit is bulky , but I have more than enough space on my computer desk for it . I like the design of the writer ... has like a mirror effect on the front of the writer.My only complaint is how noisy it is . I used to think my PC mad a lot of noise ... well this writer takes the cake . It takes a few minutes to get used to the loud fan ... and then you get used to it . You 'll really get a feel for how loud the fan is when you turn the writer off.All in all , I am very happy with it . It does the job that I need it to do ... and does it very well . Speed wise , I would say it 's about average . If you do n't burn too many things -LRB- like myself -RRB- , then no worries on purchasing this .
 I purchased this DVDR drive because it is USB.I have a computer entertainment system connected to my big screen TV . I set up a USB hub about 10 feet from my computer on the living room coffee table . The DVDR drive is on the coffee table so we can put in a DVD movie or game easily without walking up to the computer.The DVDR drive is sturdy enough to leave on the coffee table -LRB- in the horizontal position -RRB- . If it gets bumped during a movie , there is no movie lag time . It is also a very attractive drive.Tip to get audio on your movie
 Although Sony only states that DRX820U model is PC compatible it is also compatible with a MAC . However , you will need software such as Roxio Toast that support it . If you have supported software , you can save up to $ 50 by passing up on the U/L designation that includes the Mac software . `` L '' is for iLink -LRB- similar to Firewire -RRB- . The unit does create a little noise -LRB- much like a CD driver does -RRB- when writing but not enough too be an issue .
 I have used this machine for over a year.I am impressed to the ability to be an external device . I get tired of open the computer case up and installing stuff in bays , and trying to get the right cables to fit.My unit is quiet . It is n't what I would call terrible noise . My experience , all CD drives really get cranked up when they start.My unit is very stable . I have it in the bracket as shown in the picture , in the vertical position.My unit came with Nero , and after using it for a short time , it seems pretty simple trying to decide if you are going to make back up 's of CD , DVD 's or photo disks.PHD of WYO
 Received rather quickly and we absolutely love it , having stopped using it yet !
 I got just 2X speed with my PIII-1Ghz laptop instead of the advertised 16X . I called Sony . They said a minimum 1.66 GHz Processor is needed for getting 16X . I tried again with a Pentium -LRB- M -RRB- -1.5 GHz Processor laptop and this time I got 16X . Sony box label says 800MHz should suffice except that Nero DVD Express will require 1.66 GHz , so this is an unpleasant surprise . I am not sure if this is true for burners from other brands like HP also or not , but I suspect it will be so .
 The high quality of the lens surprised me and it does it 's job . I am very happy with it .
 This grouping of accessories for the Olympus SP-350 camera expands the camera 's ability to take a wider range of photos -LRB- wide angle and telephoto lenses -RRB- . The adapter is essential for both lenses . The filters will also help with better photos . The case is compact to fit all items , including camera -LRB- except for tripod of course -RRB- .
 The extra remote that I bought for my Bulldog alarm 2030 . Was easy to setup just followed the instruction and worked right out of the box
 I bought this product because , I had purchased a Bulldog Alarm system for my MGB . Well , after nearly five years of daily use the transmitter finally ` bit the dust ' but , I must say the alarm unit is still doing it 's job . I was glad that I found another transmitter to replace my old one , and at a reasonable price , I might add . I Would highly recommend any of the Bulldog products to any of my friends .
 This was bought for a spare remote . They work great and the ad is accurate on their use . The service was very good .
 I 've owned bulldog alarm for years and axidently wash my transmitter in pants . It was shot . Tried another trans . but to no avail . Was getting ready to trash the receiver and found this web site where I purchase a replacement trans . Run the test and it work find.Price for shipping was high but other than that I 'm pleased with product .
 Works good now . Had to send it back . -LRB- No Modulation -RRB- Standard fixed it quickly . Have other Standard Horizon/yaesu radios and they are high quality radios.I use it with the Coast Guard Aux .
 Do n't take my word for it , check out all the reviews of handheld VHF marine radios and you 'll see that this radio comes out on top every time!Absolutely another outstanding product from the leader , Standard Horizon.My only regret is that I did n't buy it sooner !
 Internet works great , wifi is outstanding , display clarity is fantastic . Upgrade to new OS version was a breeze when connecting the unit to a Linux desktop . I use the N800 to access the internet and to back up and share digital photos . For that it is excellent . I also use Palm OS programs through a third party program and they work great . For the money , a great tool .
 El Nokia N800 es muy practico para el uso diario por su reducido tama & ntilde ; o , su bateria dura lo justo para el uso que se le puede dar . Logicamente por lo limitado en tama & ntilde ; o de su pantalla no sustituye a un Laptop pero si ayuda mucho para estar conectado a la internet y mantenerse comunicado con los amigos y relacionados .
 I bought it in 2007 to blog when i was on a week-long bike trip . It served it 's purpose well for that . Since then i have been able to find other uses . Recently I was particularly pleased to use its media player to plugin internet radio feeds through my house wireless to my stereo system . No need for an extra subscription to digital radio.On the downside , i have had difficulty using Web 2.0 applications , particularly Google Maps , flash , and any web application that relies on mouseover events . The laptop is still a better option . But i see this as a device that will be longlasting , in spite of the fact that newer models are already available.-ted
 I am a self-proclaimed gadget freak so when I saw the Nokia N800 on Amazon I just had to have it . I ordered mine on Friday , February 15th and received it on Monday , February 18th . The thing that I most like about the N800 is the touchscreen . I do find it a little difficult when using it but I blame that on my lack of experience and no default with the device . Since receiving it yesterday , I was able to flawlessly hook up to wireless network . No problems whatsoever ! I have downloaded a few other programs to the device without any problems either . I am able to surf the Internet anytime I want . I especially enjoy surfing from my bed . Seeing that I just received it yesterday I have n't had time to experience all features of the device but so far I am loving it !
 The Nokia N800 Internet Tablet is a good mobile communications tool . With a WIFI connection you are ready to communicate or receive information just like being in front of your PC . One drawback regarding the Tablet , there are certain streaming websites that I am unable to view , particularly those requiring JAVA . Recently I 've added a GPS to the unit and is working fine . Altogether , I am satisfied with the product except for the streaming of JAVA driven websites .
 works well . came as ordered complete and earlier than expected . problem with wifi in general is the availability of signal . i use internet alot and i have problems constantly in finding a signal in my area .
 The n800 is a very powerful hand gadget . It is NOT a replacement for a laptop or desktop , but can do almost everything a pc can do . Thanks to the open source OS there are updated OS 's periodically to upgrade to . There is also a lot of home brew/ported apps that can be used . One favorite app is pidgin IM to keep in touch with friends , and Erming which syncs google calendar and GPE calander on the n800 and can display upcoming calender events and to do 's . The internet is a 9/10 , only because the heavy flash sites can bog the browser down -LRB- but at least it has flash & external speakers . . Ipod hmmph -RRB- . Web pages are REAL web pages and can zoom in and out . Also there is a tweak to make sites think you are on a iphone browser and display them is an iphone would . There is too much to say what it can do , but I suggest you get one .
 This is an excellent buy ! I 've had it for over a month and I 'm not disappointed .
 I wanted a device that could give me the web browsing capabilities and mp3 player without the price and weight of a laptop . This fits the requirements well . It requires some tinkering to get things just right . If you do n't want to tinker , get an iPod touch . Otherwise this is great .
 I 've had this for 5 months now and I leave my laptop at home on trips now . Very good for browsing and email in hotels and airports , and I 've used Skype with it to make long distance calls to the US from hotels in Costa Rica with excellent quality . The support is excellent and the new -LRB- free -RRB- OS2008 upgrade even makes it run faster . I get 3 to 4 hours from a battery charge . My only complaint is I wish it had a higher sound volume for listening to calls and voice mail in noisy airport terminals .
 The Nokia N800 is a great little computer . clear hi-res screen , great battery life , surprising sensitive wi-fi antennae . It 's not the fastest machine on the block , but for everyday use it 's great .
 I have almost a fornight with the n800 , what have surprised me more is the terminal , the wizard mounter , the mplayer , pidgin . I have not updated my os to 2008 , so the default email program needs work , the handwriting system needs some work too , but still is usable , no rotation for the screen , maybe a better headphones 2 , the headphones of my mobile phone are better than the ones that came with the n800 . In general I think NOKIA is evolving quite good with the device .
 This internet device works great for me . I am writing this review on it actually . The best thing on it is the screen and viewing web sites . I have had my n800 for about a month , and I use it every day . It really is perfect for quick web searches or checking sites regularly . I also like using it as a mp3 player , photo viewer , and pdf reader . I even downloaded an ebook right from amazon and have enjoyed reading it on my nokia . Other plusses are the fm radio , some of the downloadable software such as an instant message software -LRB- pidgin -RRB- which can use aim contacts , and skype for calls , and some of the games . Some of the things that did not work well was yahoo internet radio and video , and some very heavy flash and shockwave web sites . * edit * The internet radio played throuh the included media player works well also .
 I love linux and this is a perfect device or lets say `` gadget '' for me . I was looking for a media player actually but then found this one and its a perfect one . Plus it can do a lot more and almost everything I need to do while on move and travel . The openness makes it much better and I am even thinking of writing my own small apps for it . Thanks NOKIA and thanks AMAZON who gave me a good price .
 its awesome ! , i dont have limits , and the aplications that u can update r free , i already install the GAIM -LRB- MSN -RRB- , some games , VNC -LRB- to see from my nokia to laptop -RRB- , ITS EXCELENT for me !
 This is a very cool way to have the web with you whenever wifi is available .
 I bought this after lusting for a long time and I am generally pleased . It probably has the best experience for mobile web browsing . You can use your finger to scroll/drag the web page . It tethered to a phone nothing else was able to tether to.Nokia has opened this way up so what runs on it is limited by what developers can do . You have to install 3rd party software to make it usable and it can take a long time to find everything . Using 3rd party software you can view the screen on your PC .
 Great product ! Worked as advertised right out of the box . Perfect for surfing the web and using Skype . Definately woth the money !
 I love my Nokia N800 and it has become my primary web browsing device . It has a high resolution of 800x480 -LRB- compared to 480x320 on iPod touch and iPhone -RRB- and displays most web pages very well . It has zoom buttons which allow zooming from 80 % to 300 % . I was also able to pair it with my mobile phone data plan using Bluetooth in case I need to get online where there is no Wifi signal . First thing I did when I got N800 was to download the latest firmware . The included browser is great and has touch scrolling . I use my index finger edge to scroll on the web pages . The included PDF reader is good for reading PDF eBooks and also has touch scrolling which is great . One limitation of the included PDF reader is that requires pressing the middle button in Full screen to get the bottom arrow to click to go to the next page -LRB- this is solved by downloading the Evince PDF reader -RRB- . I left the screen protector film that came with the device on . I can later replace it with other screen protector film . The low resolution mini web camera is ok but not great and is only usable in good light.I get about 4-7 hours of battery life under normal use and in full brightness , the screen is sunlight readable.I was able to download a lot of excellent software for free on this device and here is a sampling of what I have : * Default browser with Opera engine -LRB- I primarily use the default browser -RRB- * Additional MicroB browser engine * Minimo browser * Simple Launcher applet * OMWeather applet * RSS feed reader applet * Default calculator , clock , notes , PDF reader , sketch application * Maemopad and Maemopad + -LRB- for note taking with stylus in own handwriting -RRB- * Camera software * Chat software * Media Streamer * Rhapsody media player * Remote desktop -LRB- to connect to Windows PC -RRB- * Maemo Mapper for offline and online maps -LRB- also works with GPS add-on -RRB- from multiple sources including Google and virtual earth . Both regular and satellite maps available * X-terminal for Linux command line access to device -LRB- not for non-technical -RRB- * Skype for VOIP calls * Evince PDF reader -LRB- does not work with browser but excellent for local PDF 's and has touch scrolling . Works good even on 8.5 x11 PDF 's . * Xournal for note taking using stylus -LRB- allows inking using different pen tip colors , thickness , highlighter , eraser , PDF annotation -RRB- * Full Youtube acces . After downloading the latest firmware , you can watch all Youtube videos -LRB- do n't need to use the mobile version of youtube website with limited content -RRB- . Keep in mind that at present , the videos play best when the full streaming video has finished downloading on the device . * I tested installing Privoxy on my PC and using N800 browser with it to remove unwanted ads on websites and it worked great.Overall I am very pleased with my Nokia N800 and it is the best value for money if you take your time to learn how to use all its features .
 The best part about this machine is that you can install tons of Linux applications -LRB- Such as Pidgin/Gaim for instant messaging -RRB- . Works great on bluetooth gprs and even better on home wifi . New updates give flash 9 support and support for 2x 8 GB SD -LRB- HC -RRB- cards -LRB- 16 GB total -RRB- . It also now has Skype and Gizmo for VOIP calling -LRB- via the built in mic and stereo speakers or headset/headphones . -RRB- I do n't know why anyone would buy a laptop now that this device is coming into maturity . Video playback is great once you install MPlayer . The standard osso mediaplayer can be choppy if the file is not encoded with the right dimensions . Mplayer has no problem playing anything I download though . UPnP video/audio over LAN works good.Battery life is unreal , 10 days while idle . With backlight brightness at 50 % -LRB- still very comfortable viewing -RRB- I get about 7-8 hrs of continuous use . Runs on a fast 330 mhz Texas Instruments ARM processor -LRB- the same one as the iPhone without the DRM built in . -RRB- Great device , does nearly everything a laptop can do in a truely mobile form factor .
 When I see the Nokia N800 over the internet I say ... well looks nice ... but maybe is just too big , or maybe the ipod touch is a better deal ... but this product is not a mp3 player , but can be !! Is not a picture viewer , but can be ; is not a video player . . BUT CAN BE !!! In fact . . this product can be anything you want ... even a FM radio , a book reader , a video game console , a voip , I call my girl from Dominican republic to New Jersey and the quality of the sound was amazing !!! And what about the space ? Or the size ? ... well , if you pay for a 8 gigs sd , u will pay the same as you buy a ipod touch , but u can add another 8 gigs in the second slot ... or 2 of 16 gigs , or 2 of 32 next year !! The size ? Is just the right size ... I can put it on my pants pockets , I can see the amazing screen without problem , the os2008 is just amazing , and you do n't need to be a computer genius to upgrade the os , just download the Nokia Internet Tablet Software Update Wizard and it make everything for you !! JUST BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! BUY IT !!!!!!!!
 The N800 has exceeded all my expectations . I admit to being a bit of a techie - so I have some advanced software installed and I know enough about Linux to get by . But you do n't need to know any of that to use it . Overall , it 's very easy to use , the browser is fantastic , and the RSS reader is very handy too . I 've not seen another internet device in this price range that can do so much.Browser can handle GMail , Google Finance , Google Maps , Flickr , E * Trade , Yahoo , News sites , almost anything . Gets a little bit slow when lots of complex flash is used -LRB- like 4 on a page -RRB- , and I had a little trouble with Google 's calendar site and Meebo.First thing you should do is go to Nokia 's site and get the upgrade to the latest tablet software version , which gives you Skype in addition to Gizmo calling . Also does Google Talk , and a version of Pidgin is available so you can IM on AIM , MSN , ICQ , Yahoo , and Jabber . It 's not a phone but with all the voice over IP tools you can call people over wireless networks.If you need such a device this is the perfect choice . The screen is very readable too .
 I simply could not be happier . I was reluctant because I did not know anyone who owned this device nor could I find retailer in my area to see the device . I wanted a portable linux device so bad , and for under $ 250 , I decided to take a chance and order it online.The devide has met my every expectation . Picks up wifi easily , plus it is fun to walk around and see where there are open spots . making calls on skype is perfect with excellent quality for both sender and receiver . loading xterm was easy -LRB- too bad they do n't have that pre-loaded -RRB- and gives me what I really wanted - the ability to connect via ssh to multiple servers without bringing my big heavy laptop.Batter life is amazing . I use it all day -LRB- mostly with the screen dark -RRB- and charge at night and I have yet to see the battery dip below half . The browser is excellent and faster than I expected . If all you want is a portable internet tablet , then this is good value for under $ 250 . If you are into Linux , then this is about the greatest deal around .
 I purchased this device to substitute for a laptop on a long trip with space restraints , but it has become an essential tool for email , web access , and surprisingly picture access -LRB- through a free downloadable program -RRB- and casual games on its 800 pixel wide screen . The battery life lasts forever and the antenna is impressively strong . At wifi spots like Panera where there are occasional connectivity issues with Windows-based units , this Linux system has never failed to connect . And I might mention the Opera browser is highly functional for web browsing , much better than IE mobile on windows mobile systems.I am a gadget junkie and am always looking for something more mobile , with the Palms on the way out and windows mobile systems never worth the money , this linux-based system is a surprisingly easy to use system . And the number of FREE programs and games that are available for this unit is refreshing . My only caveat is that despite the easy integration to bluetooth based keyboards , it would be nice to have an attached keyboard .
 For the features and price that the N800 goes for , I have found it to be a good purchase.I planned to give this gift to my brother for Christmas and since he 's not the techno junkie that I am , I had about a week to setup and toy around with the N800 . -LRB- This way , I could pre-install all the apps he would like and also have the battery charged and ready to go ! -RRB- This item may compete against a product like the ITouch , but not in a direct head to head manner ! If you get the N800 with the understanding that is is more geared to be an internet application device/interface , I think you 'll be more than happy with your purchase at the price that it is sold at . The media player functionality is adequate , but definitely took ' 2nd Fiddle ' to the internet/app side of the N800.If the unit you purchase comes with OS2007 installed , I HIGHLY suggest the first thing you do is to upgrade to OS2008 ! Understand that this can only be done by hooking up the N800 -LRB- via USB -RRB- to your computer/laptop and visiting the Nokia site . Why this ca n't be done on the N800 unit itself , over a wireless connection , I do not understand.Pros : - Designed primarily as a web internet tablet , it does a nice job.-2 card slots are a nice and much appreciated feature - supporting up to a total of 16GB -LRB- 2 8GB cards -RRB- at the moment.-Wifi sensitivity is very good . Picks up more local Wifi signals than both of our laptops would.-Camera is great added feature ! -LRB- Although the resolution may not be all that great for some of you technophiles , just remember the price range that you are in ... -RRB- - Flash Support.-Battery life is adequate , but not spectacular . -LRB- life depends on use -RRB- - I 'm told the battery is easily replaceable.-Speakers built in.-Screen meets expectations.-Skype calls sound very good on built in mic and speakers ! - There are a few good Apps out there.Cons : - Adding/Finding and Understanding Apps could use improvement ! Only Linux lovers will really enjoy the ongoing challenge of adding and figuring out apps.-Appears that installed Map program is only workable with optional GPS unit ? - Built in Media Player interface could use some work . I suggest installing one of the other 3rd party media players like Canola...-Unable to do OS upgrade on N800 itself.-Some trouble in using browser with Google Maps . -LRB- e.g. Google 's Map ` Bubbles ' cause the browser to center on the bubble itself , not the point at which the Bubble pointer is pointing at -RRB- - Getting used to OS system is pretty intuitive but will take some time to get acquainted to.-Intermediate knowledge of email setup may be required if you will be using the N800 to access an existing POP email that is also be accessed by another PC/laptop . -LRB- e.g. Outlook may need to be configured to not delete message from server after checking for messages -RRB- - Getting Movies to the N800 takes more work and effort than I would like to see ! -LRB- Even using Nokis 's video converter ! -RRB- - Getting to Card data takes some work and close attention to program/app settings.-Switching between open apps/programs take some getting used to.-Have been unsuccessful in figuring out if cam can be used on Skype call.-There are only a few good Apps out there.Well , enough for now , I hope my information helps some of you in your decision .
 I bought the Nokia N800 Internet tablet because I did n't want to carry my lap top on my recent trip to Taiwan and Hong Kong . It has served me well during my travel . I used it to access my Emails , handle my stock accounts , lookup any info on the internet while I am traveling . 50 % of the time I could not get the wifi connections while on the road , except when I am in a coffee house , but I am sure this situation can be improved over time . While in the hotel I used a travel router which allow me to connect to the hotel 's etnernet system . I also used the Skype for all the outgoing calls which saved me a lot of money . I thought by letting it to hibernate would save the charge as if I actually turning it off , but looks like I was wrong . I need to do more test on the definition of working mode vs standby mode .
 Amazon is now shipping N800 with new OS -LRB- 4.2007.26-8 -RRB- pre-installed . -LRB- This is very nice for Mac people who do not have access to a PC which is required for downloading the N800 wizard and OS upgrades . Applications can be downloaded directly to the N800 with no PC required . -RRB- Also comes with FREE 3 months of unlimited Skype calls within US and Canada . -LRB- That 's to any land line or cell phone number . After 3 months you may purchase credits to extend this capability if you like it . Skype-to-Skype calls are always free . -RRB- Also new OS has Flash 9 for smoother video .
 I bought the Nokia N800 and find myself using it more than my laptop because it is faster and more convenient . I purchased it to make calls via Skype while on a Cruise Ship - this way I did n't need a to bring my laptop and with Skype I could check in without the outrageous phone charges.When I first got it I had some trouble getting it on my wireless network . I use WPA TKIP with a pre-shared Key but I had to shorten the key to get the N800 to connect . Once I got past this it worked great and the Skype phone quality is great . Most people ca n't tell I 'm not on a regular phone . The browser is great and email is easy to set-up -- Nokia needs to come out with a headset Mic setup -- I also want to try the bluetooth keyboard . All in all a great little device .
 I 'd love to give the n800 5 stars but I ca n't because you just plain have to fart around too much getting it to do what you want . If you buy it for it 's intended purpose -LRB- web tablet -RRB- it 's excellent and definitely worth 5 stars . But why buy a device like this just to surf the web when it 's so expandable ? If surfing the web and playing music is what you 're after then by an ipod touch as it 's a much more polished device.If you add some software you can do much more . My favorites are Maemopad + , Canola -LRB- with youtube plugin ! -RRB- , GPE office suit and Erminig to sync to google calender , FBreader to read ebooks , Gourmet Recipe Manager , Maemo audo recorder , Streamtuner -LRB- for internet radio stations -RRB- , FM radio -LRB- take that Apple -RRB- , Skype , Maemo Mapper , Pidgin -LRB- IM client that does AIM , MSN , Yahoo , google etc. . -RRB- , Wizard mounter -LRB- gives me access to remote network shares -RRB- and gpodder -LRB- RSS news feed reader.Yes you have to actually install most of this and no it 's never going to be as smooth and polished as an Apple device but still can you do all of this with an itouch ? No.What I 'd like to see is Nokia add all of this functionality and make it all work together seamlessly . Dare I say as good as Apple?Overall I find my n800 indispensable in daily life as it handles all my PDA stuff , Media player and internet tasks . If it were all integrated I 'd give it 5 stars and recommend it to everyone.Oh , as soon as you get it upgrade to the 2008 firmware and get some flash memory . I have 32 GB in mine because my intended purpose was to replace my ipod video . Now I 'd never be able to go back to watching videos on a 2.5 inch screen .
 I ca n't say I 've figured out exactly what to do with my Nokia N800 other than check e-mail and experiment with Skype phone calls , but it definitely is cool . It whet my appetite for a mobile computer , and now I 'm thinking i-phone so I can be connected even when no wireless hub is around . If there is a useable router nearby , this thing finds it and links up to it quickly -LRB- as long as it is n't blocked or you have the password -RRB- . Typing with the stylus is n't as hard as I thought it might be .
 First , I have to say that though Amazon turned me on to this great little gadget , I purchased it elsewhere online and saved $ 30 bucks ! PS . I 've also heard that * somehow * the N800 purchased from Amazon does not include a 3month voucher for free outgoing calls with skype , though every other retailer includes this ... Anyway , the description and features speak for themselves - wifi , bluetooth , usb client AND host mode , a brilliant screen for web-viewing and videos , and the speakers sound great for mp3 's or with the FM radio app.The onboard memory is n't great , but after reflashing the firmware to OS2008 for free , the new 16Gb SDHC are compatible , so for less than a hundred bucks I now have 32Gb of storage !! You can also save the OS and applications to external memory , so you can save wear/tear on the onboard flash chip , excellent !! Does n't come with many extras in the box , headphones -LRB- double as FM antennae -RRB- , usb cable , ac adapter , and two styli . Battery lasts about 5 hours full use for me , but I found a second one online very reasonably priced , along with a silicone case and screen protector , the IT is shiny and looks very fragile , but it is actually pretty stable.Well , I guess that 's about it , I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes tweaking with their gadgets , upgrading software , using xterm , ssh , and vnc in Linux . Just do n't expect everyone to love it , it can get frustrating at times , but once you start playing Doom on that awesome screen everything else melts away !! Oh , and DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND PRICE SHOP !!! MUCH BETTER DEALS ELSEWHERE !!
 Pros : Runs Maemo , a port of Debian GNU/Linux . Installs new software in just a few clicks.Big 800x480 resolution screen.The web browser has Adobe Flash built in.Putting the Nokia 's newest 2008 version of the OS -LRB- from 2007 -RRB- was painless.Extra stylus included.Not too hard to gain root level access.Growing open source development community.Cons : Some code on the device is n't GNU yet , so Maemo is the only choice of OS.No Java support out of the box.Battery door fits loosely.Built-in radio requires headphones to be pugged in.Recommendations : Get something to protect the screen from scratching.Update to the 2008 OS , lots of handy features over the 2007 version .
 I have been using my N800 for a week now . I have to say it is an amazing device . I will add this right away , if you have vision issues you might not have as much fun using this , or other , devices of this size and resolution . Reason being they are packing 800x480 pixels in a small screen size . That means the pixels are smaller so characters will be in proportion smaller . Yes , when using the browser you can `` zoom '' the display so that 's nice but it can make a web page/site very difficult to use . I do not think of this as a short coming but rather just a fact of life for all small display 's with high pixel density . Just divide the number of pixels by the dimension of the display and then do the same for a larger display but with the same number of pixels and you see why the characters must be very teeny is some cases . So , that past is just a heads-up for those who might not be aware of the issue and it really only applies to web browsing . The font on the system itself are quite easy to read.I am going to be reading eBooks on the N800 and I can say that FBReader -LRB- pretty much the only ebook reader for the device or Linux for that matter -RRB- is an OUTSTANDING program and is very flexible allowing almost unlimited font sizing . This make all the difference in terms of the above issue . If you have visions probs and want tread ebooks on this device you can by simply setting a larger font size as well as background color . But remember the software does not support any sort of DRM 'd books . If you want to read DRM 'd books a good Palm based device -LRB- Sony Clie nx73v if you can find one or a Palm Tx -RRB- or a Kindle would be my suggestions.Next the absolute first you must configure the wireless so you can immediately upgrade to OS2008 before you do anything with the tablet . Reason being is the can be compatibility issues between OS2007 apps and OS2008 . But it 's painless and takes no more then 15-20mins . After that is done , it 's time to poke and prod the system . You will notice , no PDA functionality really . And the built-in email app , well , it is marginal on it 's best day . You will need to look and depend on 3rd party apps for almost everything you use your PDA for . And given the personality of Linux developers they are more interested in playing games and writing yet-another-audio-player type applications then they are using this powerful device for anything truly useful in terms of data.My biggest complaint with these devices is the lack of modular mobile broadband capability . You can not run a USB EVDO or HSDPA modem via the USB port because it can only operate in quasi-host mode called by Nokia On-The-Go . That is because it only supplies about 100mV of current to the port for devices . I understand it 's a battery life issue . Still the lack of ability to add a mobile broadband device severely limits where and when you can use your INTERNET tablet . Odds are you did not buy this for home use ... you bought it to be , well MOBILE . But given the unpredictable nature of wifi hotspots it 's harder to be mobile if there are not connectivity options.My work around for mobile connectivity was to buy a Cradlepoint CTR-350 USB Mobile Broadband Router that supports -LRB- as of firmware v2.x -RRB- both EVDO RevA as well as HSDPA USB modems . Now this is NOT a self powered travel router but that is OK . there is always the Cradlepoint PHS300 with a built-in battery if you prefer . I opt ` ed for a portable power solution using a Tekkeon MP1550 and eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- Ultra Low Discharge Sanyo Eneloop 2000mA AA batteries to use in the MP1550 . The MP1550 uses four AA batteries at a time . With this setup I 'll get a good 4-8 hrs of use of the router using the Franklin CDU680 EVDO Modem and EVDO service I have through Millenicom -LRB- better deal than via Sprint but over Sprint 's EVDO system -RRB- . Plus this is a very light weight solution . The other option I looked at was the Tekkeon myPower 3300 . A bit heavier but LOTS more power . Still might go that router later on.I also bought three extra batteries for the N800 . I can now use it around 10-18hrs depending on wifi use.But you can see how the lack of a reasonable way to use mobile broadband in the N8x0 family of devices is an issue of you really want to be mobile . But because it has a STRONG wifi set with excellent range and sensitivity , it 's possible to create yourself as your own mobile hotspot . I will carry the router/modem/power pack in a Tom Bihn Buzz bag because that is convenient for me . But any carry bag will work . Even a batman Utility belt ... ; -RRB- So , anyway , I have been everywhere with the device and love it a lot . There are not many applications for it yet ... but such is the nature of things . In order to get any sort of reasonable word processing you will need to run a different OS like KDE or some other port to the N8x0 devices . But I am feeling this is just for now and will change soon enough.And do not expect video streaming to be all that great . It is a very immature product line in that aspect . It 's basically a roll of the dice if you will ever see support for streaming of your fav video format . And NSV will likely never happen . You can stream lots of audio formats though . Even Shoutcast using Streamtuner.It 's new and the developers seem enamored with nothing but `` yet-another-audio-player '' type applications . Real productivity applications are pretty much non-existent . But you can use Google Docs so at least there is that , if you have an available Wifi internet connection that is ... Oh , also if like to do crosswords on your PDA/Handheld now ... ummm , there are currently NO crossword puzzle applications which run on the N8x0 Maemo OS systems . I am able to run my crossword application via the Garnet VM -LRB- Palm OS emulator for the Nokia Internet Tablets -RRB- so I can at least use it for that , sort of . But I will not be getting rid of my Clie nx73 anytime soon because of this issue.Last there is no Java support yet . There has been no port of a Java Runtime Module by either IBM or Sun . That is a BIG hole in the potential for the N8x0 family of device . So , if your application needs Java , it 's gon na be a while , if ever . I consider this a significant shortcoming as it should have been ready right and even part of the OS.Overall , it 's an amazing and POWERFUL system with a lot of potential . The display is amazing and vibrant . Lots of storage potential with two SD -LRB- or SDHC -RRB- slots and the like . But , I am not confident real professional grade applications will ever appear for the device in time . So you will have to depend on web based applications like Google Docs to get any work done on the go . And if you do want to do a lot of typing consider adding the iGo Stowaway Bluetooth folding keyboard . It beats the heck out of the on screen keyboard and even the slide out for the N810.So , that is my long winded review . I have to say I love the device it works well enough in the area 's I need once I added the mobile broadband work around . Now I have real internet access on a decent screen pretty much anywhere we roam without the need to lug around a laptop and at a fraction of the cost of a UMPC . And just enough functionality , barely , out of the box to get things done.EDIT : There is now a GREAT freeware crossword puzzle program for the N8x0 series tablets . The program is called Xword and is actually in the Maemo/OS2008 repository . So crossword puzzle fans can solve their daily NYT puzzles on the N8x0 series tablets . Or any AcrossLite -LRB- . puz fromat -RRB- puzzles for that matter !!!
 I have been looking at a number of portable internet devices and the N800 is by far the best one on the market for the money out there . The best feature is the linux based operating system . It is open source and plenty of people are writing applications for it - with most of them being free . Most likely , if you order a N800 , it will come with OS2007 . My suggestion
 Nokia N800 Internet Tablet PC ... as common with many Nokia products and the best WiFi access point reception I 've ever experienced .
 After one month of research and wait for the new Nokia N810 I decided to get the N800.I wanted a replacement for my Sony Clie TH-55 / E , which has been a trustworthy companion but started showing its age after the almost four years I have had it.A `` Smart `` phone was out of question since I have yet to see one that does a good job as a phone and a personal organizer and total limitation on what applications I can load -LRB- dictated by the wireless provider -RRB- . The two main `` contenders '' in my evaluation were the Nokia N series -LRB- N800/N810 -RRB- and the HP 5900 Travel Companion . I also gave a brief look at the EeePC but decided to discard it because of size , lack of the flexibility I wanted and performance . The device had to be small enough for allowing me to carrying it around easily.After reading several articles , reviews and talking with users I decided for the N800.Reasons I chose it -LRB- not in preference order -RRB- :1 - Swivable camera - even though its low res almost trowed me off .2 - Size -LRB- fits easily in my jacket pockets and some of my larger shirts pockets -RRB- .3 - Connectivity features
 I had a review written up , but looks like it disappeared ! If you 're considering an iPhone or a Nokia N810 internet tablet - be sure to check out the N800 . The N810 has replaced the N800 now , but the N800 is still available . A free software upgrade to OS2008 -LRB- about 134MB download -RRB- will bring the N800 up to date with the current model.The only real difference between these units is the type of memory they use -LRB- N800 uses SD or SDHC , while the N810 uses the smaller miniSD and MicroSD cards -RRB- Currently this means that the N800 can hold more data -LRB- 8GB x 2 card bays -RRB- . This will likely change as Nokia updates the N810 , but for now the N800 trumps the current model.The N810 also features a GPS receiver . The N800 has an FM radio instead . Lastly , the N810 has a slide down hardware keyboard . The N800 uses an onscreen keyboard for data entry.I used this device for much of this year with mixed emotions . Youtube was a little choppy and some of the websites I visit for work did not render very well on the N800 . This was due to the Opera browser and older Flash program embedded on the unit . This was disappointing to me as I am on the internet for much of the day to write quotes for my job . Having the ability to carry the internet with me gives me the freedom to work from anywhere.When I found out that OS2008 was backported to the N800 in December 2007 , I immediately downloaded the update . The OS2008 performance upgrade made some phenomenal changes .1 . New Mozilla browser - most websites render perfectly . The browser is still limited to 800x600 , so if the website you 're visiting needs more width , the browser will add a horizontal scroll bar .2 . Flash9 plug in - Youtube is much more responsive ! Choppiness is gone .3 . Improved media player - MP3 , MP4 , WMV and more4 . Improved contact management5 . SIP phoneAs developers create new programs for the N810 , you will be able to incorporate them into the nearly identical N800 . I 've already added the Canola2 media player and VNC viewer for remote access to my Mac.The best part of all this ? The N800 is being DISCONTINUED . You can buy the N800 from Amazon for $ 219 . The N810 is $ 436.99 at the time of this writing . If you do n't need GPS and are looking for a better browser than the iPhone 's Safari , this is it!A FEW WORDS OF WARNING BEFORE YOU PURCHASE THE N800 OR N810 ... 1 . Your cell phone must support Bluetooth DUN -LRB- Dial Up Networking -RRB- . Most Nokia devices I 've used are capable of doing this . My Palm Treo needed some hacking to `` unhide '' the Bluetooth DUN option . Check your cell phone or smartphone for this feature . If you ca n't use Bluetooth DUN , you will have to find a WiFi hotspot for a fast internet connection .2 . Get an unlimited data plan for your cell phone ! Browsing the web through your cellular service is expensive . -LRB- Most companies charge per kilobyte -RRB- 3 . The N800 and N810 devices are not telephones , but both can perform some telephony functions once connected to the internet . Skype is available for both units . My VoIP experience with Skype has been very good with this device . All you need is a 100Kbps or faster internet connection and you 're in business ! 4 . The text on the N800 screen is rather small . If you have trouble reading small text , you will probably not enjoy using this device . There are zoom buttons on top of the N800 and N810 , but enlarging the data on the screen only adds up to more scrolling .5 . You can not print from this device ... Yet . I 'm sure someone at Nokia or in the OS2008 user community is working on a printer add-on . I know it can be done because a developer posted a youtube video of himself printing off his tablet to a network printer.If you 're a Linux person and like to hack around and make changes - the N800 -LRB- and N810 -RRB- are for you ! You can log into the root and modify whatever you like . Nokia made this device open for modification . Obviously , Nokia will not support any changes you make , but you can play around confidently without fear of `` bricking '' the device . If you make a critical error , flashing the ROM with the operating system only takes a few minutes.I 've had some time to play with an iPhone . While more compact and slick , the iPhone 's screen is smaller than the internet tablet . Browsing the web is a little more challenging as you zoom in , scroll around and tap for the link you want . Nokia 's OS2008 is more finger friendly than ever , but you can still use a stylus to tap on where you want to go.The Tablet media player is finger friendly , but Canola2 is a big improvement . The iPhone plays music and videos very well - we all know this . The Nokia Tablets add external speakers so you can enjoy your content without headphones.I hope you found this review helpful . Do n't pass up this bargain !
 This device is one of the few that actually exceeds my expectations . I work for an airline and travel frequently , and want the ability to surf the web , get email , listen to music and watch video . However , I have been very disappointed in other products from Palm and others due to the fact that those devices are primarily designed to keep track of contacts and schedules -LRB- which I have no need -RRB- with internet and media as an afterthought . The Nokia N800 is almost the opposite-it has no PIM application , although basic schedule and contacts applications are available . Instead , this device is designed around internet and media access . The screen is sharp , vivid and bright , and the Opera browser renders almost any web page correctly and large enough to actually be useful . The media player -LRB- and available add-ons -RRB- are excellent , playing both music files and video files well . The built-in PDF reader was a nice surprise , rendering pages correctly and in full resolution , making it useful for reading manuals online . The open-source nature of the operating system means that many games and applications are available , most of them completely free . Installing applications requires some reading , but the open-source Maemo website documents the process well and Nokia provides regular updates . The device itself is well constructed and feels solid , and the battery lasts at least 3 hours while using the internet , but over 6 hours in offline mode . The Wi-Fi radio is excellent and finds access points even my computer ca n't see , and the unit even paired with my Nokia Cingular phone for a data connection .
 I 've been using my n800 for about 2 weeks now and have found it to work extremly well . The main drawback in my opinion is the lack of a slide out keyboard , but I hope to fix that once I purchase the nokia bluetoothkeyboard ... The on screen keyboard works pretty well , in fact i 'm writting this review fom my n800.It is extremely easy to connect to a wireless network and once you save the network settings it connects autonatically when it is within range of the signal.The screen of the device is extremley sharp and readable under direct light.Watching streaming video from youtube is very choppy , somethng I hope they fix in a future update.Battery life is acceptable , i 've been able to get about 4 hours of continuous use with wifi on.All in all I am extremley satsifed with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone who doesnt want to carry their laptop everywhere to gaininternet access .
 Okay , my opinion is that this is where Archos products were trying to get to . This is what the Zune should have been . This is a great multi-media device that not only looks great , but is in a great price point . Until the iPhone comes out , nothing on the market is truly rivaling this , and completely shuts down the Mylo.PROS : - DESIGN - This is actually an upgraded version of the Nokia N770 . The N800 decided to go with a sleek metalic front , with a black back , a kick stand , and a much more compact , lighter design than before . Touch screen , bright display , and with one minor exception , layout . - PERFORMANCE - Very quick . The last model was very laggy , and the page did n't properly load . This has Java , Flash , and most media-based codec players already built in for whatever website you wish . The icing on the cake is that none of the web pages are modified in size , you view them in actual size , just reduced to fit on the screen . This reduces scrolling until you decide to zoom . - INTERFACE - It 's based on Opera 8.0 , which is much better than Internet Explorer , and on par with Firefox . I also liked how whenever I needed to type , it would automatically recognize that you needed to type . The typing itself can be troublesome , but once you get adjusted to it , or embark on the tedious task of getting it to recognize your handwriting , you 're set . - FEATURES - Lots of media codecs . 2 expandable memory slots accepting up to 2GB cards from all the standard brands , touch screen , WEB CAM that swivels 180degrees , phone chatting capabilites , and 802.11 x and bluetooth provide a good featureset.CONS : - BATTERY LIFE - For what it is , I expected a little more . It had around 4 hours of battery for surfing with bluetooth on , 4 hours 20 minutes , with Bluetooth off . It 's redeming battery was its great standby time . - NO TRUE OS - No word documents , no spreasheets , no databasing . It does n't replace a smart phone , a laptop , or necessarily and MP3 player , due to it 's lack of a hard drive . It does have built in 256MB of flash memory , but that is never enough . - VIDEOS ARE JUST DECENT - 128MB of RAM make for a not-to-par video experience . I figured they would have perfected that , seeing as how the stand emplies video viewing . - DOES N'T PC SYNC - I have heard that it can sync with phones though.BOTTOM LINE
 This is the best web device I have seen that is very usable and fits in your pocket . It is not a substitute for a pda or a cell phone -LRB- although Skype works well -RRB- and it is a toss up if it is better for corporate email than my Treo 700p . I borrowed a N800 for several weeks , bought one , and have been using it now for another two weeks . My intention was to see if I could stop carrying so many devices and to see if I could use it with corporate web based IT applications.Setup
 Nokia 's Linux based tablets almost feel like participatory lab experiments . An open OS , decent web browser and media player , but lacking a bit of polish in places . Simple but functional perhaps , but with many opportunities for programmers -- a good and bad thing , perhaps.Nokia has recently released an update for the OS -LRB- OS 2008 -RRB- the N800 uses . It is a very important upgrade , as it makes many improvements to the device itself . It is faster . The web browser -LRB- which was Opera , and good enough -RRB- has been replaced with Firefox -LRB- which I like better -RRB- . The UI has a polish to it now . Things are faster , simpler.Skype can now use the camera on the N800 , so you now have one of the least expensive portable video conferencing devices you can buy.It really takes the N800 to the next level . I bought one of these even though I own an iPhone . There is a lot of overlap on these devices . Ultimately the iPhone wins because it is a phone . It excels at media playback . The N800 has a bigger screen and the benefit of an open OS . Until Apple releases their SDK for the iPhone the N800 has the advantage , at least in terms of potential.I bought the N800 because I like the bigger screen when surfing the web , the N800 supports Flash , and finally , I can listen to streaming radio on the blessed thing . It is essentially a little portable wifi radio -- with tiny , stereo speakers that are loud enough to fill a room . Eventually the iPhone will be able to do this as well -LRB- I know one station that does -- WFMU -RRB- . Note that Nokia has released the N810 -- which includes a GPS . Besides some other minor differences -LRB- memory card size/placement , amount of on-board ram -RRB- it is the same hardware as the N800 , and the N800 is half as much as a N810 .
 Nokia N800 in short is a compact -LRB- all at the same time multitasking -RRB- * music player -LRB- Kagu -RRB- * pdf reader -LRB- keep all your references at finger tip -RRB- * book reader -LRB- fbreader -RRB- * movie player -LRB- mplayer -RRB- -LRB- on desk with no dangling headphones -RRB- * web browser -LRB- mozilla with flash and ajax -RRB- * fm radio with alarm * online radio -LRB- streaming -RRB- * calender * python computor * scientific calculator and ploter * scrible and jot -LRB- maemo pad -RRB- * video chat -LRB- gizmo and skype -RRB- * webphone -LRB- gizmo , skype -RRB- * play games * record speech -LRB- no external microphone jack -RRB- * can stream video from your device to use as a remote camera . * map browser and route planner -LRB- off line as well -RRB- * A GPS system if you have bluetooth gps receiver -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- * camera to take picturesAll this with great , well functioning touch screen which is bright with 4-6hr battery life with most operations and many days stand by .
 I spend lots of time on the internet and was looking for a device that would allow me to easily surf the web from any location in my house without having to lug around my laptop . At first I was having a hard time deciding between the N800 and the new N810 . In the end I chose the N800 because it has 90 % of the functionality of the new N810 and costs half as much . It also seems the N800 is also more suitable for multimedia use than the N810 since you can store more data on the device . The N800 has two media card slots that allow a total of 16GB -LRB- 2 x 8GB -RRB- storage while the new N810 has only 1 media slot -LRB- 8GB -RRB- + 2GB built-in memory for a total of 10 GB storage . The lack of hardware keyboard did not affect my decision to buy at all since I primarily use the device for surfing the web and I do n't do much typing . I also found that the N800 's full sized on-screen keyboard is very functional and more than adequate for my needs.If you want GPS functionality you can just buy a stand alone GPS receiver to use with it . I bought a $ 40 Bluetooth GPS receiver -LRB- buygpsnow dot com -RRB- and it immediately paired with my N800 . All you need to do is download a set of Google maps to your device and then use the free Maemo Mapper program -LRB- You can find detailed instructions on how to do this on YouTube by searching keyword Maemo Mapper -RRB- I 've also installed the Garnet VM program which allows me to install and run a variety of PALM apps on my N800 which is Linux based.One concern that many people have about this device is that it only has Wi-Fi and does not have EDGE , EVDO , or 3G data capability built in . What good is having an internet device if you are limited to where it can be used ? This should not be a concern since you can tether this device to your existing cell phone and use it as a high speed bluetooth modem . Now I am able to access the internet from anywhere using my existing cellular data plan and using my T-Mobile Dash as a bluetooth EDGE modem.Overall I am very pleased with the device . The resolution is great and I am able to view full webpages without having to scroll all over the screen . It also has a built in FM Radio and comes with SKYPE sofware already installed . If you want to see the device in action just go to YouTube and search for N800 and you 'll get lots of detailed video reviews.If you have any questions feel free to email me -LRB- rollin_again at hotmail dot com -RRB- Regards , SZ
 Having owned 3 Palm and one Windows Mobile device over the years , I have found that my needs have changed , while the products have not . Both the Palm and WM/PocketPC products work well as information managers -LRB- contacts , calendar , notes -RRB- , but internet communications lacked . Having transitioned to personal webmail , and with the current trend that most companies only provide remote access to mail and calendar via the web , I have found that most handheld browsers are not suitable . They often can not render pages properly , and if I have not performed a recent sync , my information is out of date.The N800 , while not natively capable of syncing to MS Outlook or Lotus Notes , has the internet connectivity and software that allows me to access corporate sites without the need to sync . The information is available just as if I was accessing via a full sized laptop . So far , the Opera browser displays about 95 % of what I need.There is a growing list of free/open-source software to install , and if you are inclined , tools are available to develop your own . But so far , I find the N800 is best suited as a mobile web browser . This device is not a PC companion , but a small PC itself , meant to run independently . It is not a phone , and does not run MS Windows - but I think -LRB- for me at least -RRB- that is what has made this the must useful handheld I have owned .
 At the very least the n800 is a souped up PMP . The screen is very sharp , and I am unopposed to watching lengthy videos on it . The third-party applications are very cool . I currently have an emulator for the original Nintendo running on it -- play Mario on the road . Canola is a very aesthetically pleasing and functional media player . Perhaps best of all is that the software -LRB- standard and third-party -RRB- will improve with time , as new releases are made available . I expect one later this week . Oh , I almost forgot about the built-in speakers , which work _ very _ well for their size . I 'm listening to them now -LRB- Bonobo -- Animal Magic -RRB- . I also use it as an alarm clock . I like waking up in the morning , turning off the alarm , then browsing the web in bed -LRB- check weather , email , news , etc -RRB- . Suh-weet . A couple points that I 'm not so hot on are the following . The email client
 I purchased the N800 as an upgrade from the Nokia 770 , a product that was a good value . The new Nokia is a nice step forward . The stereo speakers are a huge improvement and the upgraded web browser handles every web page I 've visited . The only problem I have is the lack of ability to open Word or Excel docs . I would give the new Nokia 800 a big thumbs up !!!!
 Definitely more for the geek than the average user . I 've got this thing jumping through hoops though . Excellent battery life , even when you leave the wireless active . Good selection of third party free applications for it .
 I bought this a couple of weeks ago and have to say I am really pleased with it.An added bonus is that as its Linux under the hood you can get a reasonable amount of software for it and Nokia have bundled an application manager tool with the system that makes it really easy to install new software and ensure its kept up to date.Does everything I wanted it to do !
 This Nokia is everything a person could want from a pocket PC . Works really great , has tons of features and is on an absolutely reasonable price . Looks like its gon na be the next worldwide gadjet :-RRB- . Only major disadvantage - no place for a SIM , but anyways you can use a much cheaper phone to make your daily conversations . If you 're wondering whether you should buy it or not , do n't . Just do it ; -RRB-
 Being Linux-based and well-designed , this little `` internet tablet '' provides good value for someone seeking a portable wireless network appliance . You can check email , browse the web in a small but readable screen , and find a few free applications on the Maemo websites . This is definitely not a robust small PC , but for limited application usage , particularly network - and web-based functions , I find this Nokia quite useful . I brought it to Europe with me for email and web browsing on wireless networks . The only flaw I 've found with it is that its wireless reception is a bit weaker than typical notebooks , so you must be relatively closer to the router . This may have improved with the latest firmware update , although I have n't tested it yet . And , by the way , it now is Skype-compatible .
 The Nokia n800 is Internet WiFi phone with a huge potential upside . I originally bought it for use as an internet phone to stay in contact with home and the office on a recent trip to Europe at something less than 2 cents a minute . With WiFi hot spots most everywhere , getting hooked up was easy . At home -LRB- with a personal WiFi net -RRB- , it 's a whole lot easier to sit down at breakfast and read my RSS newspaper feeds on the N800 than my laptop . I find I 'm done and ready to move on to things outside the cyberworld much faster.Basically , the N800 is a Linux touch screen computer that uses a browser as it 's user interface . There 's a growing selection of free -LRB- open source -RRB- Linux software that can be ported over to use on this little computer . However , getting something like OpenOffice running so one can work on Word and Excel files is a work in progress . The touch screen keyboard is functional for modest stylus hunt and peck editing . It keeps one from being overly verbose.The Touch screen is highly addictive when it comes to reading emails , games , the web and RSS feeds -- the screen has decent resolution for young eyes and a simple button click zooms in or out to other resolutions . The unit can supposedly handle 16 gigs of memory cards -- I 've installed 8Gs . It even provides decent renditions of YouTube videos and plays MP3 fine . The checkbook sized N800 easily fits into a large pocket or slips into a purse or daypack . Is it the equivalent to the Iphone ? That 's sort of an apples and oranges deal -- the N800 does n't come with a monthly access fee and therefore only connects to the internet when there 's a wifi spot around . However , if you 've got a data cell phone , you can connect to the internet by connecting your N800 to your cell phone.In summary , I love the little gizmo .
 A couple of the reviews I read talked about not being able to connect to the internet . I , too , was having the same problem and was getting frustrated . I spent quite a bit of time talking between the Nokia and wireless router tech 's , and each thought the other needed to assist in changing a setting . Finally I did a search on the internet and came up with a forum that stated it may need to be reflashed , or checked for software updates . I made an assumption that right out of the box it would be up to date , but found this was n't the case . Afterwards , it worked like a charm.Bottom line is , Nokia has made a nice piece of equipment in the N800 . But with my moderate tech knowledge and the fact not very much info is included , I almost gave this a zero . So it would help if there was a little better support by Nokia -LRB- hate pushing all the menu buttons on the phone and service stores are nowhere near my area -RRB- . But after doing this basic step of uploading the device , I rate it a five ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I got my new Nokia N800 and was pleasantly surprised by the thinness and light weight . Unfortunately it had what I think is a screen defect that caused the right-most 3/4 '' of screen to not be as bright as the rest . I 'm returning it for a replacement and hope the new one does n't show the same problem.As for the workings , it was relatively easy to use right out of the box . There 's no printed manual , but you can download a PDF from the Nokia website , or there 's one on the device itself , if you can figure out how to find it.Update
 I was the first person to purchase the Nokia 800 at the Nokia flagship store on Michigan Avenue in Chicago . The staff was very helpful ; they even installed the firmware upgrade that had been released that morning.The good
 The N800 is a neat toy if you want internet access in your pocket , along with email/webmail , games and cheap Skype calls . If you have the money and are looking for a business device , get a Blackberry cell phone subscription . If you 're content with a $ 220 toy that gets you web access from Wifi hotspots , and lets you check email/web from any room in your wifi-enabled house , the N800 may be for you . Unix proficiency is a plus.Battery life is a few days if the N800 is disconnected from your Wifi when not in use . Maintaining wifi contact halves the standby battery life . A car charger is a good accessory to have on-hand . Music can be played for about 6 hours on a single charge . Playing Flash or Video reduces battery life to 1.5-3 hours , and if you are doing a lot of processing , the unit gets warm -LRB- but not hot -RRB- which means that you 're burning through your battery charge.Limited resources -LRB- 400MHz -RRB- means that on the web , You Tube and Flash animations may have more dropped frames than on your PC , and may lose synchronization between video and audio tracks . DivX video works poorly -- the N800 lacks the processing power to give you more than an ugly slideshow -- but the audio tracks still work . I still use it to play TV episodes that I 've already seen before.Skype -LRB- voice over internet on your PC -RRB- finally makes sense with the N800 -- the N800 can be kept turned on , unlike a 500 watt PC , and $ 10 - of Skype credit goes a long way -LRB- toll-free calls do not cost money -RRB- . The limited resources -LRB- 400 MHz CPU -RRB- of the N800 means that if you try to surf the web while running Skype , your call will lose quality or Skype will drop your call.This is not a toy for the nearsighted -- with a 4 '' screen , folks over 45 years old may want to steer clear and get a Ultra Mobile PC -LRB- UMPC -RRB- with a 9 '' screen or larger . If you have some experience with a Unix command line interface , you 'll be able to get more from this device.This was a good deal at about $ 200 -LRB- from Dell -RRB- or $ 220 -LRB- from Amazon in May 2008 -RRB- , which is a few bucks more expensive than a portable DVD player , and more useful while traveling . It 's easy to spend an extra $ 60 + on SD cards and accessories .
 Amazing product , crisp display , good touch screen , steady build , small but powerful , Wifi reception very strong
 The Nokia N800 Is definatly a great Internet Tablet . You can view the internet in 800x480 just great . The other things I love about it is being able to VNC/SSH/SFTP or whatever you need to do . Terminal works great and getting to learn more about linux helps alot of people . Maemo mapper is a great map program that is still in the works though but works adequetly .
 I 'll make it short
 I have owned the N800 for about 2 months now and it 's worked perfect . It came with OS2007 , I upgraded to OS2008 with downloading the newest OS2008 from Nokia . Just go out to the Nokia website and it walks you through how to update . Youtube also has good references on how to do this.I have n't had an issues with getting my email or getting songs to play with it . I 'm going to try to get video 's to work on it soon.I also got a 8GB SDHC SD card for it . This is a must , to get everything to work pefect , I would recomend getting a 6 speed SDHC card.I love having two Slots for SD cards I use one internal for storing my Maps and song and the other slot I save for my digital camera pictures.Before buying I did read the reviews and for the people that only gave this one star they had issues with the set up , Keep in mind this is a Linux machine , not windows , It works different then a Windows based PDA.I have n't had any issues with getting wifi ports connect to it.I also bought a GPS bluetooth for it and the Bluetooth connects with the device like it should.If you do get a N800 , upgrade first thing you should do . Alot of the issues that I 've read about will fix these issues .
 The Nokia N800 is an engineering marvel.The screen is very good . But , it is obviously smaller than a notebook.The on-screen keyboard is surprisingly good . But it is obviously not as good as a notebook -LRB- my bluetooth keyboard is even better than the on-screen , but still not as good as a notebook -RRB- . So , the dilemma is when do I haul the notebook and when do I use the N800?After analyzing my personal needs , I 've decided that if I 'm off on a 5 day + business trip , I 'll take the notebook . If it 's less , I 'll take the N800.I 'm not the type that needs to be connected 24/7 . So , if I go out for lunch or Starbucks , I only take my cell phone . But if I 'm gone for the day -LRB- has n't happened yet -RRB- I 'll take the N800 . I 've played with it and I have no doubt it will function perfectly in that role.And the community of people supporting the N800 seems to hold promise of more and more applications , some of which might be the killer apps that would cause me to never leave home without it .
 im writing this review from my n800 nice device , a lot of app , nokia releases a new os evry 2 months , i liked it !
 Just two word
 If you use linux , you will love this thing . GPS w/maemo-mapper has some rough edges , but very useful and i think justifies spending the cash on it . World needs wi-fi everywhere before these devices become mainstream . Net access through bluetooth did n't work out because cingular seemed to drop my connection every 1/2 mile while driving and was very slow for the $ 40/month cingular charges .
 I just got my Google Nexus and I love it , but in 2006 I got my Nokia , and it was a great product for that time , I still use it in 2011 , I would say it was a great product for 2006 .
 this is just like a computer ... run multiple applications at once . camera is awesome , i recommend using a 4 or 8gb memory card to fit in the memory card slot . music playback is great . i dropped it in the pool and it no longer works ; do n't be like me . you can not skype with video but you can videochat with google talk .
 Bought this as a gift for my wife way way back in 2005-6 ish . It was excellent back then . Had to ebay it off in this era of smartphones and still got a pretty good price for it !
 I love this thing , I cant seam to put it down . if you are a geek or admin and you have not used a Nokia tablet your missing out . I only wish I had picked up one sooner . the specs leave a bit to desired but then again for a 2 or so year old device what do you expect . all in all I would buy again in a hart beat.the only issues I ran into was updating the OS to os2008 you need to use the USB ports on the back of your computer at least on my system . love the fact that they included xterm and a nice package manager made adding apps a breeze . do n't forget to enable the `` maemo extras '' repository .
 If you 're the technical type of person , this thing is amazing . You can get it to do just about anything to an extent . It 's a low-resource environment , so HD video and graphically intense games are n't really an option , but that 's basically it . Especially now , a years after it 's release , it 's really developed.Canola , one of media players available for the n800 , puts the iPod to shame , it covers media in either SD card slot , including music , playlists , radio streams , videos , and images . It also has a plugin for the built in FM radio.There are several games available besides the ones included in the preinstalled software , things like Quake 2 , Metal Blob Solid , and Beneath a Steel Sky.Did I mention that it 's hackable ? Linux gurus are in a familiar environment , you can use tools you use every day or install your own . Compiling for it is a bit tricky , but you typically find binary packages now anyway . The 256mb of flash memory is limiting , yes , until you have it booting from a nice big SD card . If you like to have a device be thoroughly personalized on a technical level , this is like a dream . If there is n't already a book about hacking the n800 , one could rather easily be written . It 's a whole lot cheaper than most devices that fill the same function , and a great place to start with this type of tinkering.Basically , it 's a hacking toy , and not for the casual user . You can make it just about whatever you want , but it takes a bit of work to get it perfected for it .
 I find the N800 to be an awesome toy ! I 've tried to use it a couple of times as a replacement for a computer , but have gotten tired of it very quickly.The small screen is inadequate for feature-crowded sites like amazon or facebook ... one has to pan around to much . Furthermore , when I bought it I expected more performance out of the browser ... I just find it a little too slow , and hard to work with if you like tabs -LRB- who does n't nowadays -RRB- . It does however work quite nicely for watching youtube videos and other non-HD content.Since Maemo is an open platform , you have access to millions of applications . The N800 can become a fancy MP3 player , movie player , handheld game device , etc. . . It is not a cellphone ! Nor does it need to be one .
 I first viewed this product in a computer store in Copenhagen in the spring of 2007 and had to have one . As soon as I got back to the states I started bugging the folks at Best Buy and Fry 's and finally got one from Fry 's . These things , once they hit the market , literally flew off the shelves . Up until this last year I was a total road warrior , working for a major computer company and I had this unit with me all the time . I had trained on other larger touch screen tablets , so working with this one was a breeze . The screen has incredible resolution and I love it . The software support and especially the 2008 upgrade was great . The only real issue that I have had is that this unit does not support the SDHC chips , so you are limited in the amount of data that you have onboard at any given time , however , I carry a small case with a full load of the 2 G chips . Works great for either music or video too.The one caution that I would make and I found this out the hard way is that the touch screen is somewhat sensitive and if you carry it in your pants pocket in the provided soft sleeve , it will have problems and need to be replaced . Mine spazed out and I had to send it in . Cost about $ 125 to fix . Bottom line , get a hardcase , which I should have known better and done from the beginning .
 I just got mine from Amazon , and the first thing I did was to update to OS2008 . Quite a breeze even for a pc novice . Maybe not . Having read a lot about the its pluses , I have to say I agree with most the parts , and indeed it is a phenomenal smart device . Go get one if you 've been deiding.Nice job , Nokia ! You just won another first-time consumer .
 - Amazing product , crisp display , good touch screen , steady build , small but powerful . - Wifi reception very strong . - Mp3 player works great . Did n't try video yet . - xterm , ssh , vncviewer access makes it even more powerful -LRB- And that 's why it 's better than an iPhone for me -RRB- . I can access my office machine from anywhere w/o carrying any laptop . - Skype works as charm -LRB- though no video calls -RRB- - Simple to use , fun of installing applications on your own . - Bought it for 200 $ and one of the best product I have ever purchases!On downside -LRB- When I ask more beyond 200 $ -RRB- : Still not able to figure out the video calls to PC . There is Gizmo which claims to do so , however yet to try that out.Use your cell phone for phone calls , and let this little thing do everything else !
 I 've always kept lots of notes for shopping lists , to-do lists , appointment reminders and so forth , but it was hard to keep track of these notes and to keep them up-to-date . So , I was looking for a device which would allow me to keep all such notes in one place . The Nokia N800 Internet Tablet pretty much allows me to satisfy all these needs . And , it also
 The N800 impressed me , it 's small and light , fits in a pocket.It has many great features including mp3 player , net browser , games , alarm.The screen resolution is amazing , really clear it can show a full web page.It seems much more advanced than the IPOD Touch that I considered . The Nokia has a larger clearer screen , built in speaker and 2 sd card slots meaning you can have great capacity , I currently have 8gb and 2gb for a total of 10gb , can always buy a 16gb card in future . Overall a fantastic product
 This little wonder tablet just really works well for its intended purpose which is providing you the best ultra portable mobile browsing experience available.It runs the wonderful new OS2008 and there are 185 + free applications you can easily load at maemo.org for the N800 . The Skype client works great and I received a coupon in my box for 3 months of free calling in the USA and Canada to any phone . The free Vegalume Last.fm client works really nice . Sound through the included stereo speakers is crisp and clear . It is not room filling , but is very adequate on a desk or bedside . I use mine on my desk at work and also on the night stand before going to sleep . You can also use the nice included headphones or hook it up to your amplified speakers with a stereo cable . The N800 is worth its price alone for the ability to stream audio content so easily in any location.The built-in stereo FM radio tuner works very well and it can download all the station presets for your area from the Web . You can listen to your local stations anywhere you go . No WiFi needed for this feature.You can add gobs of extra memory to this unit as it has 2 standard SD memory card slots . I put 2 8GB cards in mine and wow do I have the room to store stuff.The screen is gorgeous and bright and photos look great.The Web browsing experience is wonderful and puts my iphone browser to shame . It is truly the best browsing experience you will get on any small device.So what are you waiting for ? If you want a very high quality tablet in both hardware and software you need the N800 .
 This is one awesome product ! Picked up a bluetooth keyboard to go with it and it is amazing ! Upgraded to os2008 and this thing runs like a dream !
 I bought the Nokia N800 last month . It has been an excellent handheld computer for me so far , but it is not yet a smaller , more convenient , handheld laptop that operates in a WIFI environment . Data entry is slow without a virtual or external keyboard , and although the screen is excellent for its size , print on the Internet is hard to read because magnification creates other visibility problems.FINANCES - definitely worth the $ 218.00 I paid for it.INTERNET - I am a little frustrated over Internet visibility , even though the resolution is excellent . When I magnify the webpage for text , the icons also magnify and crowd out the visibility of the text , so I can not read all the information . My laptop is obviously much more accommodating . The I-phone does a better job with the visibility issue.NOKIA DOWNLOADS - I am having trouble finding just where there might be a complete list of available downloads for this great little thing . The ones recommended within the device are good , but the list is small . I am looking for something like OPEN OFFICE , so I have good calendar and address book programs . I would also like a good Bible reader and recording software , which I am not finding.SKYPE - I downloaded SKYPE right away , and when I call my friends , they say they can hear me just fine , so the microphone and speakers are adequate . My one criticism of the software is that I can not type in the name of someone and just isolate that person . I have to scroll to find the person I want to call.RADIO - One of the most pleasant surprises for me as been Internet radio . I can easily download the radio stations I want to listen to and pick them up when in a WIFI environment . The Sound Quality is excellent . As for local radio , I love the fact that I can pick up local FM stations . I just wish I could also pick up AM stations . Is there software out there to do that?MEMORY - I appreciate that there are two SD card slots for external memory . I have downloaded a lot of my digital music , and it is easier to use for choosing selections than my daughter 's mp3 player . They say the maximum capacity is 2 gigs for each card , but I am going to try an 8 gig card in one of the slots to see if it will play all of the digital music I have stored on my laptop.TEXT - So far , the only useful software I have downloaded is the PDF reader . Nothing Microsoft can be read by the Nokia N800 as it has come , and I have not yet found any software that will allow me to read my documents from Word , Excel , Power Point ... I hope there is software that will allow me to store my documents with Microsoft software on my SD card , but allow me to read and even edit my documents on this handheld.EMAIL - I am enjoying the email software this device came pre-loaded with . I have two different servers sending my emails to this little device , and it has been very handy for reading , but not for editing , just because the keyboard is so small.RECOMMENDATIONS - Add a port for an external microphone , and work on the awkward visibility issues when the Internet pages are magnified .
 I really like my tablet ... seems a little buggy in the software , but then again , it 's open source , so usually by the time something goes wrong , there 's a new build or update to fix the problem . That and of course , if I do n't like the way a piece of software works , I can go get something else . The web end is really great , all the google products -LRB- gmail and maps , mostly -RRB- I use work fine . That and wikipedia make this thing the coolest since sliced bread . Highly recommended .
 The N800 encourages - rather - requires tinkering to be really useful , but is a great gadget for Linux people willing and able to do so.Plan to install xterm and ssh and to change Opera 's settings so it does n't try to impersonate IE . Using scratchbox on a linux host , it is not hard to build rsync to sync to your music collection . Works well with iTunes plus as long as you store your music on your Linux machine rather than your Windows box.The media player and browser work well and the combination of local MP3s and shoutcast radio stations is great . The applets for managing WiFi and Cellular/EVDO connections are very simple and done well.The case that comes with it is really inadequate . Plan to order Proporta 's armored case , a cheap set of stick-on screen protectors , and a better set of ear-buds than come with it . You will also want to quickly upgrade to at least 2GB of memory . I suggest you put that in from the start in place of the tiny memory they ship with .
 Finally . . Almost a month after I get my hands on the N800 . . A chance to review it ! I loved it the minute I had it in my hands ! The N800 is an impressive piece of equipment that is well built . The screen , at 65k colors , is awesome . I dont think it needs anything else.The N800 comes with OS2007 , and I upgraded it to OS2008 within a couple of days . There are many tutorials around on how to do it , and it is easy!My first bad experience was when I charged it for a little while and started using it for the first time , I tried turning it off and back on again . It would n't turn back on . The trick is to disconnect the charger , remove the battery , wait a while , insert the battery , wait a while , and then connect the charger and see if it responds . Then turn it on . Took me 3 hours to figure it out ! Luckily , the problem disappears after upgrading to OS2008.The N800 accepts SDHC cards , and I 've been able to put two 8GB class 6 cards on it.Once the cards were in place , I installed the OS2008 on one of the cards so that I could install more apps . I thought I could install the apps on the SD card if I booted off from the card , but I was disappointed . The apps still install in the inbuilt memory . I dont know if this has a workaround . But they sure get a little more space because the OS is now on one of the cards.It 's not a monster at running apps , but as long as it is some 2-3 apps you run at once , it handles them well without a problem . Anything beyond that , it 's a bit sluggish.Connecting to home Wi-Fi was easy enough , and it picks up the signals from quite some distance . I have n't tried connecting through a cell phone though.The camera , is a very low-res camera , and serves almost no purpose . Video calls can only be made to another N800 . No inbuilt support to use the camera to click a few pictures ! There 's an app that uses the camera to take pictures , but you 're better off using the camera on your phone to click a few.RSS feed reader is n't good at all ; And so is the e-mail program . Get claws for e-mail client , and get the RSS plugin for claws for your RSS feed reading . They do the job well.The in-built media player is a bit slow at playing music , and is not the best , but I use it anyway because I could n't find anything better . So , if you have an iPod , you 're better off with it . Get MPlayer to play video files though . Nothing beats it . I use it as my music player in my car , connecting it to the AUX in my car.Video playback is smooth , and it can play DivX videos without much problem . The inbuilt speakers are also good , and the quality of audio on the earphones/headphones is good too.Input is through a keyboard , or through handwriting . The keyboard/handwriting section is the lower 1/3rd of the screen . The keyboard input is through stylus , and a qwerty-style layout . It could sometimes be annoying to type because it is small . There 's a full-screen keyboard for typing with your thumbs , but that needs a little more patience , and a little more pressure to type that you 'd think . It 's not fast . I personally found the handwriting recognition to be much easier than I was expecting it to be , after reading many reviews/articles about how hard/unacceptable it is . I do a mix-and-match of input depending on the mood I 'm in . None of them fits the bill for a full-fledged IMer though . And yes , there 's a cut-copy-paste feature ! The browser 's pretty fast and good , but is a bit slow with content-rich sites . I 've had no issues with the browser as well.Inbuilt messenger supports only GTalk -LRB- and another protocol I dont use and hence dont remember -RRB- and handles the voice calls very well.Battery life , is good , supposedly lasting for 5 hours of use , and 8 days of standby ; I get to around 3-4 days of medium use . I run my email client 24x7 , and the browser for about an hour a day . I ocassionally do a voice chat . The longest voice call I did was for some 2 hours , where the battery levels dropped only by 25 % . I 'll label that ` impressive ' . For those who want to get a GPS functionality running on this . . Get one of the BT GPS reciever , and get your maps from google maps , or other open free maps . There is an inbuilt maps software called ` Maps ' , but it does n't provide you a routing functionality unless you purchase a license , which is very costly.I 'm still trying to get more useful apps on it to make the most out of it . Up in the line is VNC , and an SSH client . Also , you probably want to get a screen protector for it so that you dont end up scratching the screen too much.After one month of using it , I just dont let it go anywhere out of my sight . It has to be with me ! This is probably the best thing I ever owned in my life ! I just love it .
 I do n't know didley about Linux . So , I bought the N800 only after convincing myself I could deal with the unknown and really tiny typefaces.I 've had a bunch of fun with this thing in the four months I 've owned it . But you have to realize a few things.It 's not a cell phone . But my Sprint PPC-6700 uses its Bluetooth DUN to connect to the N800 automatically whenever a WiFi connection is n't present . With EDVO I get near Wifi speed , up and down . You can use Skype to make calls , but since I do n't like talking to people , I do n't . The N800 remembers your connection and its password settings once you set it in the device . Handy if you are a creature of habit . I have the local Pub , my home WiFi and my phone , ah , the simple life.It 's not a computer . Oh you can make documents , edit stuff and if you load the right program , hack into your local financial institutions account records . As for web browsing , it just does n't have the processor speed , even with the best WiFi connection , to render many sites smoothly.Nokia has provided the same software -LRB- version OS2008 -RRB- to users of the N800 as runs on the newer N810 . The Mozilla based browser provided with OS2008 has made things a great deal better . The ubiquitous YouTube runs just fine , mostly . The browser has a habit of `` forgetting '' that it has Shockwave Flash installed and enabled . But that 's just a couple of clicks on some check boxes . You can now add the indispensable `` AdBlock Plus '' Mozilla extension to the browser , which reduces the resources needed to display many sites . It also streams CalTrans Traffic videos.As a Media Player it 's fine . The screen is big and bright . I have a 8GB SD Card stuffed full of movies ripped from DVDs and converted using web available free software and they look and sound beautiful . It also has an regular FM radio widget available for download . You can use the attached webcam to take the same type of crummy photos you 'd take with a cell phone.It has two SD slots , one internal , one external . On the external I have my movies , and the internal I have a 2GB card filled with the maps of North America and Canada . Another bonus of the OS2008 is the provision of a rudimentary GPS program . I use it with the Garmin Mobile 20 Bluetooth GPS hands-free unit which doubles as a dashboard mount for the N800 . In the basic mode , the maps provide a location service , i.e. , Where Am I ? For an extra $ 130 -LRB- !!! -RRB- Wayfinder will provide an additional service that gives turn-by-turn directions.There 's so much more that the N800 can do . Some wiseguy has made it into a TV remote . I use it with Orb to stream media from my home computer and explore the files on it . And on and on.It may not be a computer , but it will keep me happy and busy until the Menlow devices get here . And I did n't even have to make friends with some basement dwelling Script Kiddie to learn how to use it .
 The N800 I bought came with the Opera browser built in . The latest OS I hear has Mozilla . With Opera you can surf the web at home using your wifi , and save pages with images to view later . I 've done this with maps and with apartment listings when I was apartment hunting . All the info I needed saved on a small pocket device.The screen is very readable , and there are zoom buttons incase some text is too small . The manual is located in the documents folder on the device itself . Most people seem to miss that.I store quite a bit on the SD card for reading on the subway or when I 'm waiting in line at the store etc. . I store PDFs , web pages , music and podcasts . To transfer files from my computer , all I do is plug in the usb cable , and the Nokia appears as a media player or removable storage that I can drag files to.Using MythTV I also transcode video and TV down and watch it on the subway . That is not out of the box however and you will have to do some research to convert video small enough to view and carry . I use Media Converter . If this is your goal and you are not very technical I then I do n't think the N800 is for you.I connect easily to wifi networks , but I also connect to my ATT/Cingular phone and can connect to the internet that way . When you connect to any bluetooth enabled phone , you can use file manager on the Nokia N800 to browse the pictures stored on the phone and copy them using bluetooth . This is an easy way to get at the phone photos.I use the Claws mail package , much better than the default installed package . With Claws I can download all my newsgroup messages and read them later on the train .
 This worked much better than i could have imagined ! For the price this device can do an amazing amount . I find i use it more than my macbook . The display is great . The Terminal is xlnt for any * nix user . Plays all my divx/avi files without any problems via mplayer . The flash player does not work great but is passable i hear they will have an update to the player that will improve things there . WMV files play choppy , not sure why that is . Skype works great . The application manager is simple to use , and installing new software is brain dead easy . The Mail client that comes with it is garbage , dont bother with it . Install Claws-mail . The camera is not great , but hey it works . I find i like the internal FM radio a lot . Battery life is good . I look forward to upgrading to the n810 when the price falls a little bit .
 I love this thing . I no longer have to lug my laptop around . I always have access to my pdr and any other information I need . I rewired my home with cat 5 cable to make sure I had a solid signal everywhere . -LRB- I did it for my laptop but this device motivated me . -RRB- The wifi picks up everything . At first I thought it was a little expensive , but it has simplified my entire electronic experience . I have had it for a month and I use it everyday for 3-4 hrs . It is holding up very well , no dings or scratches . The battery life is great . I love this thing .
 Overall I like the N800 . It does most of what I want a computer to do . The browser allows me to do virtually all of my online business without having to fire up my desktop . The WIFI connection is solid and connects everytime to my Linksys router at home . I have used the Skype software and like the idea of being able to call out from any accessible WIFI connection.There are two pieces of software I would like to see added . One is a personal financial application to keep track of my financial accounts . The other software I would like to see is calendar with the ability to schedule appointments .
 Pleased with the quality of engineering . Battery life is about 3 hours of active use . Screen resolution is excellent -LRB- 800x480 -RRB- . Well designed button functionality with a minimum of buttons.I plan on using it on trip to Italy this summer for keeping in touch via email since the wireless standard is the same -LRB- unlike phone standards and prices -RRB- and most hotels have free wireless.Having a little trouble getting scratchbox and maemo installed to do s/w development on one of my Linux workstations ... Finally got the upgrade to work . It kept telling my the time was not synchronized ; I had turned DLS off on the PC - turning that back on fixed it and allowed the install . Only took about 5 minutes , even though the install app warned me it would take over 20 .
 Ok , I bought my N800 after searching between PDAs , smart phones , and MS devices for a few months . My goal was to replace a laptop for multiple international hiking trips - Hong Kong , Costa Rica and Argentina . I did n't want to carry even 2 lbs of computer when backpacking in the New Territories of Hong Kong SAR or at the Iguazu Falls in Argentina , but I still wanted email , web and photo upload access . A good contact manager would have been nice ... sadly , the N800 still does n't have one of those.Below are some reviews from my personal website ... Ok , so with all the traveling that I 'm planning to do this year , I did n't want to drag a laptop along , but still wanted to be relatively connected and recharged.So I bought a Nokia N800 . Comes with a worldwide charger and very long standby time for a device like this - 10 days . I know 14 days does n't work - recently left it in standby in my car as I went to Hong Kong for almost 2 weeks . I got to reset the date/time upon return.The N800 is turning more and more into a multi protocol mobile communication device for WiFi connections . If you have a cell phone with a data plan , you can connect via bluetooth and use it . I do n't . First thoughts : * For the first day , I could n't get it to connect to my household Wifi . Thankfully , the 2nd day , it connected WPA2 and life was good . * The web browser is really nice . Not just nice for a hand held , but nice for any platform . I have more trouble with Firefox on my laptop than I did with the built-in N800 browser . * I spent toooo much time the first 3 days trying to find acceptable input methods -LRB- typing , stylist , handwriting recognition -RRB- . I 've decided to teach it the old Palm Graffiti . Well , that did n't work - too much overlap between upper/lower/numbers , since letters and numbers are n't entered into different parts of the screen . * First thing I needed to do was upgrade the firmware from OS2007 to OS2008 . Fairly easy and it seemed to be helpful with app compatibility . * 2nd thing became obvious quick - I needed more disk . The included 128MB SD simply was n't any where near enough . Ordered an 8GB MicroSDHC . * The default apps are lacking . Basically , it is a web browser with trivial video and audio playback . Oh , and you can IM lots of ways . I do n't IM , so who cares ? * That is n't to say it did n't come with other applications - it did . Email , SIP client , GoogleTalk , Skype , and a bunch of games that are worthless to me . * The built-in contact manager is worthless . I 'd be embarrassed if I were Nokia . Phone is an optional entry for each contact . Crazy . Even after I setup the SIP client , it insisted on using gtalk for phone calls . I HAVE A PAID SIP VOIP SERVICE ! Let me use it ! * Ok , so I started grabbing free applications for this baby.Camera for quick picts , MPlayer for audio/video GPS Mapping Software 3 kindsssh - fire , wheel , unix , ssh ... . a bunch of normal Linux tools WeatherClaws for email FBReader -LRB- an ebook and other file format reader - text if beautiful on this device -RRB- PalmOS Virtual MachineVoice Recorder -LRB- for quick voice recordings -RRB- DiskUsage Password Safersync/grsync - fire , wheel , unix , ssh ... . HP 42 Calculator FM Radio * The built-in video camera appears to be worthless . I loaded an app to snap pictures with it . Grainy is putting it nicely . For video conferencing , I could see where it may be nice , but I do n't do that today . * FM Radio app - recently learned that the headphones are the antenna . * GPS Mapping - there seems to be a bunch of software for this available . Probably due to the N810 having built-in GPS . Before I ran out of storage -LRB- 128MB -RRB- , I was able to get 1 size of detailed maps for Hong Kong and Atlanta . The zoom was bad , but what do you want when you 're missing 20 + detail levels ? Ca n't wait for that 8GB SD to arrive . * I really need to get the SIP client working ASAP . I 'd hate to be stuck without Skype-out as my phone when I 'm out of the country . Also , would n't it be cool if someone called my house and I answered when in Costa Rica or Hong Kong or Germany ? That alone makes it worthwhile ! * IMAPS and SMTPS is working , even the IMAP server folders work nowOk , so what 's wrong that ca n't easily -LRB- read free -RRB- be corrected ? 1 . Sucky contact management - I 've never seen anything this bad . Heck , an XLS file with autofilter is better . It is unacceptable for a pocket device with Skype , SIP , and email capabilities NOT to include a contact manager at least as good as Palm had in 1996 ! 2 . Text entry - the finger tip entry should be the default , not handwriting recognition or peck for letters . Palm Graffiti wo n't work .3 . Bluetooth N800 Keyboard for data entry , typing .4 . How to delete the apps/games that I do n't want ? Some that are part of the OS ? 5 . How to reorder the applications in their lists and re-group them ? 6 . Hotels have 100BT connections , not WiFi in the rooms - what am I to do since there 's no RJ-45 port ? Ordered a tiny wifi router today.They did do some things besides the browser well . 1-click installs using normal Linux tools , USB Drive when connected to a PC , SD memory -LRB- and all the smaller versions with SDHC upto 8GB -RRB- , RSS feeds , Google search on the main page , World Clock shows local time based on where you click . There 's a bunch of GPS and phone connectivity stuff that I do n't plan to use too . Bluetooth connections for these devices is expected.I 'll add more to other articles as I learn more . I 've got to get a usable PIM app on this thing QUICK.How much did this thing cost me ? Nokia N800 Costscost me?So far : Desc CostN800 $ 231.56 Blue tooth Keyboard $ 34.998 GB MicroSD $ 100.662 GB MicroSD $ 58.29 Screen Protectors $ 13.83 Portable WiFi Router $ 52.13 Total $ 491.46 Well , perhaps an Asus Eee would have been more cost effective at $ 299 for the 2GB model and $ 399 for the 4GB model ? I 'd have much less to carry around with me traveling , but for day trips , the N800 is clearly the better form factor for mapping and battery life . -- The Good : * WiFi -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- w / WPA support * Nice web browser and RSS reader I 'm addicted * Form factor , the size is nearly perfect . * Screen resolution - double what the Apple iTouch has * CLAW IMAPS/SMTPS email -LRB- SSL/TLS encryption -RRB- * Standby battery time over a week with minimal use * Swappable Disk memory - SD , MiniSD , MicroSD supported -LRB- really just SD -RRB- * Maemo-Mapper Rocks even without a GPS connected if you plan ahead a little ; I 'll never need a paper map again * MP3 and Video playback via mplayer ; there are other solutions too . * Linux computer for all that means * PBReader for ebooks * PDF Reader * OM-Weather on the desktop * Maemo-Recorder for sound recordings on the go * Skype and Gizmo included . 3 months of free SkypeOut . Skype works as well for this thing as it does on PCs . Sound quality is comparable.The Bad : * Text entry sucks without an add-on or remote keyboard * No PIM - I hear GPE or a PalmOS emulator cover this nicely . * Package Manager Hell - dependencies get out of whack quickly * MP3 playback battery life * Nokia Charger - NOT USB . * No screen protective case * No RJ45 Ethernet - must use WiFi or blue tooth . * Scroll wheel would be nice , but using your finger on the screen works well too.Text entry is the main problem with this device . There are 5 ways to enter text.a -RRB- finger touch keyboard that you have to toggle between numbers , letters and symbols - not an ALT key.b -RRB- stylist touch keyboard that also requires togglingc -RRB- handwriting recognitiond -RRB- remote in from another computer ore -RRB- blue tooth keyboardYes , this system is a nearly complete Linux computer with most of the great things that means except full X/Windows . I 've been using Linux since 1993 and found the lack of quick , accurate text entry troublesome . UNIX systems need typing . A portable USB keyboard would really help . That is n't supported at this point , but because it is Linux , someone is working on it.A little background ... I bought the N800 after researching options for months . I looked at the iTouch , Windows Mobile , Blackberry , and tiny PCs . I needed a laptop replacement with WiFi to keep me connected as I travel the world for leisure . Long battery life , lite web browsing , and IMAPS email were at the top list after wifi . VoIP/Skype is a bonus . The Nokia does that and more . The web browser is n't the normal `` portable '' limited version . It shows most websites correctly . I have more viewing problems using my desktop browsers when locked down . I have n't found the settings to control cookies or javascript in the browser , nor have I found a TOR client yet . For my purpose , it has been a reasonable choice and certainly was the most cost effective solution.After seeing the Asus Eee form factor , I may recommend that PC instead . You get a full PC in a fairly small package , Linux/WinXP and no specialized software to relearn . Things that you are used to will simply work . By the time I have my N800 , blue tooth keyboard , and charger , I have almost as much stuff as the Asus Eee brings self contained . AND the N800 IMAP does n't quite work the way I like yet . Also , the Eee price is almost the same as I spent for all the N800 + accessories + SD memory.For day trips , the N800 is clearly the better form factor for mapping and longer battery life.Memory expansion/swapping it key . There 's 2 SD slots available . 1 internal near the battery , the other swappable from outside.Getting IMAPS working took a little hacking and a few days . Seems the built-in email program did n't support entry of my complete password . A few special characters were stripped . I had the same problem with WPA key . Also , the IMAP password is stored in a plain text file . Unacceptable . I switched to CLAW email and was able to connect , but still do n't have other subscribed IMAP folders working . The good news is my password is encrypted in some manner.There 's no PIM included . The included contact manager is worthless - like Motorola 's phone contacts . It seems to have been written by a college kid over a weekend . VCARD ? What is that ? LDIF import/export is what we all need . This is Linux.There 's a whole list of applications available for it . You add `` repositories '' and can select what you want to load . I 'll bet some packages will conflict with others and I 'll be in package manager hell in no time . I 've already run in to `` incompatible package '' errors trying to load some applications - like GPE the most talked about PIM for the N800 . This is common in the Linux world since any developer can create a completely custom development system that will almost never match your system . You can also load . DEB files provided they do n't conflict.Free applications are the rule here , not the exception . You 've entered the Linux hacker world which is a good thing . Updates will be nearly constant which may or may not be good.I 've been pleasantly surprised by some of the other capabilities . Maemo-Mapper is fantastic has a map replacement , but you 'll need much more disk memory than the 128M included . I ordered 8G and 2G upgrades since I planned to replace my 60G Zen media player . After a few hours of listening to music , the battery was nearly spent . I 'm used to 11 hours of playback time . Standby time is what this device is designed for , not MP3 playback . The amount of battery on standby is impressive , but not endless . After just a few days , the device needs to be recharged . I did use the mapper for 45 minutes while driving . It has already replaced my Atlanta area key map . I 'm in another test now . Turning the device off between use with morning and evening use for email and news web browsing . After 3 days the battery charge does n't appear to have dropped . Nice . This will help as I track through South America later this year.Speaking of charging . Leave it to Nokia to require a specialized charger - NOT USB . That simply sucks . Now I get to carry a USB charger , Nokia charger and Sony charger AND a wifi router around the world . Perfect.A belt clip would be nice too . As a nerd , I really miss my status symbol on my belt.List of applications that I 've found to be useful on my Nokia N800 :1 . GPS - Maemo Mapper2 . voice memos - Maemo Recorder3 . Outliner - NoteCase with encryption4 . MP3 Player - Media player / mplayer5 . IMAP email - both built-in and Claws6 . Skype7 . File Manager8 . ssh / scp / sftp / rsync9 . PDF Reader10 . Camera11 . Calculator - Free4212 . zip/unzip/gzip / b2zipI still need :1 . cross platform -LRB- winxp , linux , N800 -RRB- password manager2 . XLS File Reader - I like to track lots of things in XLS.I had to write a few little scripts to push and pull files to/from my N800 . I 've said it before - rsync rocks ! I grab ~ user , / media/mmc1 , / media/mmc2Ok , I acquired an iGo Blue tooth keyboard today . Getting the keyboard and Nokia paired took more time than it should have . I found a number of instructions on the internet that did n't work for first 5 times . Here are the steps that finally worked for me :1 . N800 Control Panel1 . Bluetooth Keyboard2 . Generic 105-key PC and English USA3 . search for new devices2 . Keyboard1 . Enter discoverable mode by pressing CTRL and BOTH Fn Keys simultaneously until the green LED flashes .3 . N800 discovers the keyboard1 . Select it from the list2 . Note the code provided - mine was 4 digits3 . Select Pair4 . Quickly on the Keyboard ,1 . Enter the code -LRB- hold the blue Fn key to enter the numeric code #### and < enter > key . Keep the Fn key down for all . -LRB- If you are n't quick enough entering the code plus < enter > , try again . You may need to re-enter discovery mode on the keyboard again too.In theory , you 'll be paired now . If so , it will be fairly clear . If not , you 'll get an error . When entering the Try Again for pairing , I never got it to work - always had to start over from the beginning . * There was no software to be loaded . * There was no need for Windows at all.Review of the KeyboardWell , I 'm pretty particular about my keyboards . I 've been using IBM-101 keyboards for over 10 years now and no other keyboards have made me happy . For portable keyboards , I only have experience with a Palm-Pro keyboard which I traveled to Japan with many , many years ago . It was ok , but not a replacement for my IBMs.Ok , this iGo is portable . It is mostly full sized when opened . The keys feel soft and the lack of a number row drives me crazy . Occasionally , keys get repeated on the N800 when only hit once . I 'm guessing that is from the blue tooth connection . Some of the keys are n't in the right places - at least not for my touch typing . In the end , there really was n't much choice for a keyboard for the N800 . I guess this will have to do , since using the other input options are simply terrible for non-trivial typing .
 The Nokia n800 is a great replacement for my previous PDA , and is surprisingly good at displaying video , books of all formats , and other data .
 The N800 it is very complete , the only thing that it does n't do is making calls , besides that , 5 stars
 This is great gadget ! Whole family uses it as internet terminal . It is very easy of use and extremely fast .
 received the little thing , the setup was easy , got hooked up to my 6263 and access 3G in 10 minutesthe reason why I get this pda because I need a functional realplayerbut I am surprised how work well on the web browser , it can display desktop style html with flash ! -LRB- and regular youtube too -RRB- , but flash adversely slown down the operation -LRB- it looks almost crash when loading speedtest.net -RRB- the streaming player is decent , supports streaming realaudio , mp3 , and aac -LRB- OS2008 also supports 3gp and mobile youtube -RRB- OS2007 browser is based on Opera Mobile 8.5 , which also supports WAP and XHTML , OS2008 , however , is based on Firefox , which DOES NOT support WAP and XHTMLbrowser loads rather fast on wifi and 3G , but I want to keep WAP support because html loading is painfully slow on EDGEit has basic PIM function , but it wo n't sync with Outlook , email sucks , it merge several mailboxes into a single Inbox , which is hard to manage incoming mailaudio player is fine , but be aware if you want ogg vorbis support , the ogg component does n't work and do n't install it , it supports SD-HC but I found it ca n't write on 16GB card , while read from the card is fine , lack of bt a2dp is another minus , though OS2008 supports HSP/HFPit does not have any document or spreadsheet editor as it 's internet-oriented devicethe screen is HUGE WVGA screen -LRB- 800x480 -RRB- , that it looks pretty good on fonts , even better than HP211 , but it 's pretty difficult to read outdoorsthe control buttons are pretty simple , a d-pad , back/stop , menu , + / - , full screen , power buttonslater version of OS2007 and OS2008 have different touch keyboard , which can use numeric easily , but the keys gets smaller , the touch screen is pretty sensitive , even you worry to break the screenthis unit is kinda power hungry , with 1500mA/h battery -LRB- same as E61 -RRB- , I can play streaming audio continously for 4 hours through bt , compared with HP211 , which can go 7 hours ; wifi kills battery , I only get 2 hours of streaming over wifiplus :2 standard SD card slots , supports SD-HCWVGA screendesktop style browsereasy to operatesupports streaming real , mp3 , aac + -LRB- and 3gp with OS2008 -RRB- minus : no bt a2dp -LRB- both OS2007 and OS2008 -RRB- lack of WAP/XHTML support -LRB- OS2008 -RRB- kinda bulky -LRB- maybe a tradeoff of WVGA -RRB- very bad cam -LRB- alot of noise even under bright enviornment -RRB- email management is lackingconclusion
 The Nokia N800 is a life-changing device . It is probably the best electronic item I ever purchased . It can not be compared to the iPhone or iTouch , because it is so much more
 I 'm very pleased with my N800 . I wanted a small device to surf the web and this certainly delievers . Certian things run slow and can get annoying , but overall a solid product for the price .
 Straight out of the box , the Nokia N800 seemed to have rather limited functions . But after upgrading to OS2008 , installing some neat software -LRB- e.g. Maemopad , Screengrabber , GPE calendar , etc. -RRB- , and launching the FM radio , the N800 is now a nifty little multi-tasker . Very impressed by it . Syncing it with Google calendar will be the next step for me ... I 'm sure there is some software out there that will allow me to do so . Hunting for appropriate software and installing and launching them can be a bit tedious -LRB- hence the four star -RRB- .
 This gadget , at about $ 200 , is a absolute steal . It 's a perfect gift for any programmer , GNU/Linux/BSD / Open Source enthusiast , or gadget hacker . It 's something like the Mac OS X of PDA 's - a very pretty , very functional interface laid over a hardcore Unix foundation.For the technological cognoscenti among us , this is a device that works the way we expect a well-engineered device should work , and as for any new ideas you can come up with , the N800 can be programmed , scripted , and mashed up freely!Since many reviews date well back to 2007 , now in OS2008 some very important functionality works , and continues to improve with each release
 This is a great little device for travlers to access the internet . . better than carrying a laptop ... Look you do n't even have to pull it out of its protective cover/out of your bag during airport screening . . Bad side of it . . The internet browser is n't fully functional . . Example . . the software needs Java Enable . . a lot of programs on the internet use this to access certain sites ... Nokia . . please get your programmers on this ... you will make alot more sales . .
 This is the ultimate Geek toy . After updating the device to OS2008 , the product works as advertised . WiFi is stronger than my laptop and I am pleased with the response I get with the Web browser . Lots of cool apps available through the Maemo Repositories .
 This thing works . No high priced subscrip serv . no contract . Just bluetooth . Perfect !
 I 've had this product for two days and , so far , I like it a lot . I bought it mainly to use as a voip phone . Out of the box , it worked well until I turned it off for the first time . After that the wireless stubbornly remained off , no matter what the setting . Then I upgraded to OS2008 so I could load Skype and everything 's been fine ever since . I 've made a few phone calls on different networks and the call quality has been fine . Battery life is very good . I have no trouble using it with the online applications I earn a living with , so it 's a great backup for my laptop . I was happily surprised when I found I could run Pandora but it crashed the web browser after playing a few songs . I might need more memory . Overall , a little pricey but if you buy it as a cell phone killer , it pays for itself in less than six months .
 The N-800 is an interesting gadget . It 's kind of a cross between a PDA and a cell phone with an Internet connection . One thing that is troublesome is that although Nokia touts that the N-800 can use your cell phone for data transfer trying to connect to one is a whole other story . It will NOT connect to a iPhone so save yourself the trouble . I was able to `` marry '' it to a Motorola V3xx it will still NOT connect to use it as a modem when WiFi is not available . That said I do n't know how often one might want to do that as most modern cell phones have access to the Internet anyway . The available afermarket applications are very limited i.e. games , connectivity and such but it does come with enough to make it useful . If you do n't have a PDA/Phone then it is worth a hard look . All in all I do like it and you might also .
 First I have to admit that I should have made this a comparison to the iTouch but I while do n't have an iTouch , I do have a iPhone . And although the Nokia N800 is not a phone , you can make Skype calls on it.Nokia N800 has a camera , the iPhone has a camera . You can take pictures of things with the iPhone camera . With the Nokia N800 camera -LRB- which pops out of the top looking a little like a tiny periscope -RRB- you can take really unattractive pictures of yourself talking in your Skype calls or doing video emails to cheer your loved ones far away.Nokia N800 has a larger screen than the iPhone . However that does n't mean much unless you are trying to read a book on it . Of course Nokia has an open source book reader -LRB- FBReader -RRB- which you will need to download . Nokia does not support it . There is also a book reader that has been developed for the iPhone . Apple does not support it . The controls on the Nokia are easier to adjust for reading . After rotating the page it is possible to use the thumb and side of the right hand to push the buttons that flip the pages.There is also Bluetooth and built in wireless with a good range in the Nokia . The iPhone has wireless , Bluetooth and EVDO but you have to pay for the EVDO . The wireless capabilities are about the same . The Bluetooth currently on the iPhone only allows for headphones and not the transfer of files.The Nokia takes SD cards , one next to the battery inside and one that can be inserted and removed from the outside . I have been able to use cards up to 4GB but you have to be cautious because it does not work with all brands of cards . the iPhone does not have a slop for additional storage memory . The Nokia has a built in stand . The iPhone does not . You can increase the size of the text , prop the Nokia N800 next to your plate and read while eating with only an occasional flick of the finger to turn the page . This would have been my idea of heaven when I was the kid who did not want to stop reading to eat.The Nokia of course does now work with iTunes . There is a simple video player and I found I could play video with a screen resolution for the Archos.All in all , I like this item for reading eBooks but I think I 'm developing a repetitive motion problem with my right thumb so I may not keep using it for that purpose , and it 's handy to pull out for the quick web check when I 'm near a Wi-Fi hotspot , but I would not have it instead of the iPhone . The iPhone is simply a no-brainer to use . This requires a bit of a learning curve .
 I ordered and paid for a new Nokia n800 tablet . Instead , I was shipped a tablet from the Amazon Returns Center whch means it is n't new . Yes it works but it is n't new and I strongly believe Amazon should issue me a credit . That 's not how you do business is it ? Please respond .
 I highly recommend this product if you do n't own an ultra portable laptop and do n't plan on buying one . If you plan on getting a portable laptop that you wont mind carrying everywhere then you will find yourself using your N800 less and less . When I originally bought the N800 I did n't have a portable laptop and by portable I mean less than 5 pounds so using the N800 was great to check my email and surf the web in my down time . That being said the major problem I found was that the processor really cant handle too many apps running at one time , also the internet is really bogged down when experienced through the N800 . Even though the Nokia site advertises it as full video experience loading videos and getting them to play on the flash player installed can be really slow when the videos actually play . All that aside if you want to use it for minimal surfing or entertainment on a long ride or flight then it is perfect because it does have the ability to play saved videos , music and games just as long as you do n't try to get the N800 as opposed to a laptop even with the bluetooth keyboard ; which I also have .
 Got this gem about 2 months ago . Purchased it here on Amazon . Was shipped and delivered promptly , well packaged . Best mobile internet surfing experience . Period . In addition to that you can watch movies , read news and books and some more.Get it . For the price - it 's unbeatable .
 This is an amazing little toy , and I love it . However , be forewarned
 I bought this on the trailing end of the product offering . Most places do n't carry this anymore . Battery is long and the stylus is a little ackward -LRB- most pen driven devices are -RRB- . Plays videos and mp3s just fine . PDF are a little slow and some require constant fidgeting to read them . GPS module is on the way . Did not try the new OS , but planning to . Excellent device to fill in those few minutes where your waiting for something or somebody .
 I bought the Nokia N800 Portable Internet Tablet as a gift for my 23-year old son . He 's very happy with it 's capabilities , and finds it be to versatile and convenient .
 Nokia N810 Portable Internet TabletWorks well and hasgood battery life.Captain Jim
 handy little hand held ... only limitation is have to have access to wireless ... works great for internel calling with the built in camera
 I travel a lot and own a small business , so I need to have a computer to access emails and manage internet activity . For my short 2-3 day trips , this pocket computer works great . It is much better than a PDA phone , since you get full web pages displayed , and much more portable than my laptop . The music player is nice and on line video conf . is very cool . I use it a lot to show pictures stored on the handy external SD , but the pictures need to be resized , or they are very slow to load . Web surfing can be slow at times , mostly due to the Java and flash files loading up , and this unit requires a good set of eyes or glasses . A bluetooth mouse would make this a star , but I do n't think anyone has done this , yet . Overall , for the money , this is a great travel companion . If the airlines ever bring Wi-Fi to planes , this would be great .
 I like a lot the Nokia N800 - it fits easily in a pocket , has a nice and stylish design , user-friendly interface , and a relatively big screen for its size . Plus , it does everything I need and allows for downloading custom maps and adding gps functionality .
 I have now been using this for a few weeks ... and love it . After using the Sony `` mylo '' for about a year , I finally had to look for something better . Have n't had the chance to use the new Mylo , but could care less . The N800 does everything I need , and more . My job revolves around the use of my company 's intranet website , and the N800 allows me to go through and view all items and opening new windows with no problems . I wish that I could watch videos at higher quality so I could catch up with my sportscenter while in Europe , but I will survive.The browser is also rather quick in opening the items I need . The speakers for the media player are great . The fact that I can take the sd card from my camera , view the pics , upload them , and email them through the N800 is awesome . Do n't have to lug my laptop through the airport and have to take it out every time I have to clear security . They have no idea it 's a mini computer . Oh , and yes , the lettering can be a bit small , but you can zoom into the part of the page you are looking at , and increase the size of the lettering.Did I mention that it comes with skype ? It does , and it 's great at it . The camera for video conferencing is n't very good , but it 's an added toy . Again , it 's the type of item that is n't for everyone . Not a full laptop , not a cellphone , but as an internet browser that you can throw in a jacket pocket ... it 's awesome.Even my wife , who thinks these are worthless toys , loves that she can run it through the bluetooth connection on my cell phone while I 'm driving on long trips .
 I am a self-professed gadget addict , so the Nokia N800 was something I had to get my hands on.Once I picked it up , there was no going back . I plunked down by cash and started fooling around.Here are the pros and cons as I see them.As of now , there is no PC sync , so this is not really intended as a substitute for a PDA -- however I use my company 's web-based intranet -LRB- webexone -RRB- to keep of all of my appointments and N800 works flawlessly . It appears that somebody should be able to code some kind of sync for the PIM programs that exist for the opensource Maemo -LRB- Nokia 's brand of embedded Linux , which also was used on the N770 -RRB- -- however , I 'm not sure whether such programs , with Mac OS X or Windows synching capabilities would match the gnu-ethos of this product.A few things I can suggest , based on my experience :1 -RRB- Invest in a good case for this device . And if you are going to use it as a media player at the gym , be careful that the device for which you forked over four hundred clams does n't go flying . Mine did , suffered nary a scratch -LRB- thanks to a solid build quality -RRB- -- but this thing has a gorgeous screen that just seems to cry out `` crack me ! `` 2 -RRB- Invest in bluetooth keyboard for writing long emails . The Nokia SU-8W was my weapon of choice . It 's pretty good too -- I have a few nitpicks , though : The Fn button is needed to activate the number keys -LRB- which are basically merged with the top row of the `` QWERTY '' row of keys -LRB- Q = 1 , W = 2 , etc -RRB- . Once you click on Fn it stays on -- which can be a bit maddening at first . because if you subsequently hit those letter keys , they will still appear as numbers until you deactivate the Fn . You might prefer another keyboard , but I 've since grown used to this one.Also -- it seems that when multiple bluetooth devices are used at once -LRB- like dial up networking over your cell plus the keyboard -RRB- that the keyboard becomes very sensitive , and if you do n't tap carefully , aalll offf youuurr texxxttt might loook likkke thhisss . This is avoided by typing carefully , but I 'm still checking to see if this is an issue that can be addressed in another way.All in all , I 'm very pleased with my purchase . I justified it as a business expense , and as such I am able to deduct it -- which amounts to a pretty solid defacto discount . I was able to use my existing 2 GB SD cards to expand the memory by 4 GB . Pretty funny when I recall that my first Mac had an external hard drive with a whopping 20 MB -- the hard drive cost me more than this device!Battery life is also very good . I get about 3 hours of solid surfing via wifi , and about 5 hours via bluetooth . If I leave the phone in standby I can still be alerted of instant messages via GAIM and the power will last for days . I go to work with a full charge and leave work with a full charge . Installing programs , such as GAIM is a snap once you add the repository urls to your application manager . Once you do , the system maintains a catalog of all of the available programs and you simply click to install a ton of programs.The screen on this phone is amazing . If your vision supports it , you can actually view a regular web page at 800x400 pixels . You can zoom in on text fairly easily by using the rocker buttons on the top of the device.Only on one occassion did I need to install a prerequisite program -LRB- Maemo Mapper -RRB- because GAIM -LRB- open source instant messenger , which rocks BTW -RRB- was dependent on one of the same files installed with the mapper.Another cool thing about this gadget -LRB- my phone is a PPC 6700 -RRB- is that virtually all of the software is free . For my phone , I 've spent hundreds just trying to get some decent functionality . The Opera browser rules and the few sites I can not access with Opera can be opened with Mozilla -LRB- MiniMo -RRB- . Now , if someone just ports over a lite version of Open Office I 'll be in gadget junkie heaven.As of this writing , the Maemo -LRB- Nokia 's Linux port -RRB- version of Abiword -LRB- a full word processor -RRB- has not been ported to the N800 yet . It sounds like it 's just a matter of days or weeks.Anyhow , this device does a lot of the kinds of things that the coming Apple iPhone is supposed to do well . In that regard , it 's kind of like a test platform for Nokia 's next generation of phones . The open source community is very supportive and if Nokia ever decides to release a phone running the Maemo platform , they will give Apple a serious run for its money . You can do everything via this device , and if you run into something it can not handle , you can use it to log in to a PC somewhere via VNC.The Nokia N800 is an awesome platform . The built-in video conferencing is usable , but it 's no replacement for desktop video conferencing solutions -- however it was actually better than some desktop programs I 've tested . A version of Skype is rumored to be on its way -LRB- Gizmo Project already works perfectly -RRB- . If that version of skype supports video , look to the Nokia N800 to compete heavily with the slew of skype phones -LRB- such as the Netgear SPH101 , which I sold once I got this bad boy -RRB- since you can use the browser to log in to any public hotspot -LRB- most `` skype phones '' do not allow this -RRB- .2 / 10/07 : Nokia just released a small application that activates a previously `` undeclared '' feature in this device -- an FM radio . Kind of a cool easter egg ! I wonder what other surprises they have in store -- a recent teardown report showed that the USB port is capable of providing juice to other devices -- something that is not currently supported but that seems possible based on the innards of the N800 .
 Let 's say you 've bought into the notion that `` the Internet is the computer . '' Much of the information you use in your daily life is either online or is accessible from there ; you 're wired to the max at work and at home , you 've got a Wi-Fi equipped laptop , maybe you 've also got a BlackBerry or PDA , and in short you are , IP-wise at least , extremely well-connected . You succumbed to an early case of iPhone lust , but then you started thinking about it
 It is hard to say how long I was waiting for this ! Nokia the Great finally made a second version of their Iternet Tablet with real Linux aboard . How nice . I went to Amazon and ordered it as soon as I could . In spite of Amazon is just excellent store in sence of speed . This time I was unlucky because they used some side store for the order . Unfortunately , I got all periferal equipment two weeks earlier than the device and could not be the first writing the review . Sorry for this.The toy is just a dream . It has the best screen I have ever seen . Just look , it has a better resolution than a desktop I used just 5 years ago ! The picture is beutiful . You can scale the image very easily by + / - buttons . The software is also very useful . Internet browser is fast and handy . Especially if you use it in full screen mode.Nokia has probably the best antenna engineers in the world . Such a small device has a better network detection than my PowerMac and any other laptops I tried . It detects even 4 additional networks around my house locating on 1 acre of land -LRB- hey , neighbors , always protect your WiFi with a password ! -RRB- which my laptop cannot.And yess ! It is a normal Linux device . I was able to get terminal on it , gain root access and finally ssh to the device from my PowerMac and from my Linux box . I was able to install software I like . And yes , it is free as well . I also write my own software and can do whatever I want . However , you do not have to be a Linux geek to enjoy the device . It is a good computer even without it.Nokia N800 supports many languages as well . I was able to type Russian . It also has a writing recognision system for all available languages.The device is pretty fast . It contains 330 MHz TI processor in it . I extended memory with 2GB flash card . I have read that you can extend the flash memory up to 8 GB . I was able to use Stowaway bluetooth keyboard for PDAs with it.Finally , the device users is a good community with a very popular and useful web sites and forums . They are always welcome to help you.A couple of sad things or blunders the device have :1 . There is no hard case provided . Terrible . Even when you lock the device , you can lose all the power just putting it in your pocket . I got this a few times already when device switch the screen on and waiting when you would push the proper button . Hey , Nokia , give me a hard case ! 2 . I have a `` shadow '' or a small dark area on the right part of the screen . It is not considered as a problem enough to exchange the device by Nokia . Please , be advised of the problem though it is not very often to happen . It is an interference of LEDs behind the screen which happens when they are shifted a little . That what I was explained . You probably better buy somewhere where you have money-back option . I got the problem .3 . All buttons are not fixed firmly . It looks cheap on a $ 400 device .4 . Camera is not good . I would prefer to have a device without it than such an easy-to-break one . It makes N800 heavier and thicker but does not contribute much in functionality .5 . I would prefer to have more options for a device mechanical support . Now you can set the `` leg '' in two positions
 When comparing the Nokia N800 against the Apple iPhone and iPod Touch , you have to understand what each of these devices are.The iPhone is an media player that is a -LRB- rather ordinary -RRB- locked quad-band GSM phone and Internet access device too . The iPod Touch is an iPhone with the phone and some applications removed.The Nokia N800 is an Internet access device that is a media player too.What this all means is product focus . If your first and foremost concern is to have media player , you 're probably better off with an iPod . If your first and foremost concern is Internet access , then the Nokia N800 is a much better choice . I do n't mention phone here , because the Nokia N800 is n't a phone -LRB- although it does has Skype -RRB- . One important benefit for Internet access is screen resolution . The Nokia N800 has twice the screen resolution of iPhone and iPod Touch , meaning that you can access a web page without the necessity on iPhone of zooming in to read the text , then zooming out to see the overall layout of the web page.The Nokia N800 is open-source , and has a complete development SDK . Since it is Linux-based , it is very easy to port existing Linux applications . For example , the effort to port Alpine -LRB- the successor to UW 's popular Pine email program -RRB- was trivial ; and now on my little N800 I have no trouble in opening IMAP mailboxes with 55,000 + messages in a matter of a few seconds ! -LSB- Try doing that on iPhone or iPod Touch ! -RSB- The included media player is rather limited ; but fortunately it is easy to install the standard Linux mplayer program which is quite a bit more powerful.Other favorite applications include Maemo Mapper , FBReader , Python , etc. . Once again , since it is Linux-based and there is a free SDK , you can port almost anything from the Linux community to the Nokia N800.The Nokia N800 user community is quite active and quite helpful to new users . Even better , they are quite honest about the Nokia N800 's limitations ; you do n't have the wide-eyed fanboys that infest the Apple user community . The user community does a great job in filling in where Nokia does n't . For example , the Nokia N800 only supports European languages ; but the user community has developed support for Chinese , Japanese , and Korean.Another great feature about the Nokia N800 is the two SD card slots . It supports SDHC cards , so you can use 4GB and 8GB cards . You can also connect the Nokia N800 as a USB disk to your computer , and download files that way.The Nokia N800 has Bluetooth , and will happily talk to any Bluetooth enabled cell phone , keyboard , GPS , etc. . So , if you are not in Wi-Fi range , you can still access the Internet via your Bluetooth cell phone -LRB- just as on iPhone -RRB- ; but it 's even better than iPhone since is can use a 3G cell phone on any network -LRB- including Verizon 's EV-DO network -RRB- instead of the S-L-O-W AT&T ; EDGE network.With all this said , the Nokia N800 is n't for everybody . It 's not a particularly impressive media player . iPhone is superior as a fashion accessory , or if you want an all-in-one device that does phone , media player , and Internet access -LRB- and do n't care that it 's only mediocre in all of these -RRB- . iPhone is a better media player ; but if you really want a media player you ought to get a 160GB iPod for less money and 20 times the storage capacity.The Nokia N800 's strength is as a great Internet access mobile device and pocketable Linux platform . If that 's what you are looking for it is currently the best in breed.Also consider the Nokia N810 . The Nokia N810 adds some features -LRB- chiklet keyboard , built-in GPS -RRB- but sacrifices others . Although higher-priced and newer , it is a companion model to the Nokia N800 rather than a successor or replacement . Both models are still in production ; and Nokia offers the N810 's operating system for the N800 .
 I am very pleased with my N800 . I was thinking about getting a smart phone but for the same price I have a dedicated multimedia and Internet device with much better resolution and text entry . It is priced much cheaper than the UMPCs and this is still more mobile than those.I am not one for convergence -LRB- yet -RRB- . I would rather have a compact cell phone I do n't mind beating up , a tiny MP3 player I can bring to the gym , and for everything else , there is the N800 . What it lacks -LRB- detailed contact & schedule stuff -RRB- I can get from Google , though it would not be available offline.Browsing is very good -LRB- but not excellent -RRB- . 800x480 resolution is great for the size . Not all web pages will fit of course , but there is an `` optimized '' view mode that improves how the panes are sized on some pages . Full screen mode is also very good , and if you only have one page open this is the way to go . Wifi connection is always very good on the device.Surprisingly I use this Internet tablet in offline mode a lot . It is a nice device to play games on . The video is not quite there yet , but they are working on optimizing both Flash video and file playback . As it is , the video is choppy but still pleasing to have available on this device.Storage options are great . It has two SD slots , and there is already a hobbiest kernel release that adds support for SDHC . I two 4GB cards , one SD , one SDHC and there are 8GB cards out as well.The real kicker for me is the upcoming GPS kit they are releasing . If the cost is not too much then this will be a great unit to have on the road . It will include a mounting bracket and car charger.The biggest con is the battery life . You should n't need to use this unit more than a few hours at a time though . I switch to offline mode to play games so it usually runs for more than 3-4 hours . If you will be using this for a while on trips , maybe to play video/music , you will need a spare battery . Also , the webcam is really just a novelty . For me it is little more than a show-and-tell feature , others might use it . Right now it is only usable for N800 to N800 communication , but I 'm sure someone is unlocking it for casual photography . The image quality is low.For the geeks out there , you may be happy to hear this runs a modified Debian distro of Linux . While some parts of the system remain proprietary , Nokia has open sourced as much as possible and reused free and open source software wherever possible . There is a very active community surrounding these Internet tablets , releasing a lot of customized software , free for download . Unfortunately this is n't an easy system to tweak for the non-techies , but if all you need is the Nokia-supported updates then there is a very simple Windows updater you can use.If this fits your lifestyle and gadget needs , it 's a great device . Compare to the iPhone , the smart phones , and all those other nifty things . There 's something for everyone ; for me , this is great product .
 People keep reviewing this item as if it were : a -RRB- A Computerb -RRB- A Phonec -RRB- A PMPThis is none of the above , the Nokia n800 its is own category -LRB- along with the 770 -RRB- , It is an internet tablet designed to give you internet access without the need of a computer anywhere there is Wi-fi available , or with a Bloototh -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- enabled phone , which in my opinion the later is not practical , I strongly dislike both the speed and price of this , Wi-Fi is faster and if not free , cheaper.Features : AS MUCH AS YOU WANT , people , this thing runs Linux , I have a Macbook , and a Dell PC , but I had never used linux , in any version , it is amazing the amount of things you can put on this , my favorite : - GAMES ! , When there is no Wi-Fi , why not just play for a while a nice game of Sudoku ? , or any game for that matter , just leave your online-flash-game window open when you disconnect and you will be fine.-Pidgin -LRB- formerly GAIM -RRB- , Who uses GoogleTalk anyway ? , I use MSN , and while the n800 does not come preinstalled with the ability to chat with MSN contacts , within 5 minutes of being online you are able to download this and chat with MSN/Yahoo ! / AIM/ICQ contacts , awesome aint it ? - Maemo Mapper , Think of this as the offline version of google maps , it stores the maps in your n800 so you dont have to be online to read them ;-RRB- - Sketch , comes preinstalled , you have no idea how fun this can get when you are bored.-Orb and Rhaspody -LRB- again , spelling ? -RRB- , Make the most out of your n800 with this 2 applications that give you amazing media functions.-UKTUBE , stream YouTube videos live and with no lag . -LRB- Sometimes in the browser they get some lag , thats where this comes in -RRB- Conclusion
 For anyone who already owns a capable multifunction device such as the PPC-6700 or Treo 650 or 700 , the Nokia N800 is superfluous in many ways . Particularly in the case of the PPC-6700 which offers WiFi access , which the Treo does not.For others though , particularly those who live in a WiFi rich environment -LRB- i.e. , a college or business campus -RRB- , the N800 has much - but far from everything - to offer.The idea is a good one - an internet tablet . As an internet browsing platform , the N800 is , for the most part , well-designed . The form factor is excellent . It will fit into an empty shirt pocket . Be careful though because the screen is unprotected . And the moment you put the N800 in a case from which it must be extricated , you reduce its utility value.The screen is gorgeous . But in its default configuration , most web pages display type in a size that is essentially unreadable . The zoom feature is very handy , but once you enlarge the type to a readable size , the layout of the page becomes very weird . I 've encountered numerous instances where the texr is broken and you have to scroll literally several inches before getting to the balance of what you were reading.That said , the ability to use a finger to scroll the screen - not on the scroll bar , but on the screen - is definitely cool and convenient.Graphics on the screen are very crisp and clear . Though some have faulted the decision to display only 65,000 colors , I doubt that anyone will really notice the lack of millions of colors.The Nokia N800 will handle Adobe Flash and Javascript , but not Java applets.The placement of the toggle pads is definitely very strange . Most of the world is right-handed . Nokia decided to put the toggle pads on the left-side which is , frankly , inconvenient . The five-way rocker is also a bit odd . Rather than scroll , the up and down pads just move from field to field which takes a bit of getting used to since the intuitive inclination is to see a button and assume it scrolls . Not here.Only a one page instruction sheet is included with the unit . It covers the basics such as putting in the battery . But it is woefully incomplete in failing to point out the differences between the two miniSD card holders , one of which is used for internal memory . The Help function is pretty helpful , but I have yet to find a real manual though I am told that one is downloadable online.One major innovation is the thumbpad keyboard . If you hold your finger on an input field in the Opera web browser , a thumb size keypad will pop up . This is very useful when you do n't want to use the stylus . However , in situations where it would be most useful , such as chat or IM , the thumbpad covers up the texting area . A minor inconvenience , but still an inconvenience.There 's handwriting recognition as well , which I have n't tried yet . Do n't know if I will since the onscreen keyboard inputs are so useful and my handwriting is not crystal clear.There 's a really nice RSS feed reader which by itself is practically worth the price of admission . The contact book is okay and there is a limited IM capability . The built-in webcam is a nice touch that it is very limited right now in terms of the applications it will work with.One huge feature of the Nokia N800 is that it is Linux based . There is a small , but active developer community . Although Nokia supports such efforts , it looks like it needs to do more - and should . Right now there are n't appropriate applications available -LRB- i.e. , spreadsheet , database -RRB- to make the N800 anything like a laptop substitute . Devices running the most recent Palm and Windows Mobile operating systems are better equipped overall than the N800.Connectivity to WiFi is a no-brainer . Bluetooth connectivity through a cell phone is a bit more convoluted and highly dependent on your cell phone 's capability.Overall , if I lived on a college campus and did n't own a PPC-6700 or similar device , I 'd love the Nokia N800 . Add a Bluetooth keyboard and you 'd have a well designed , highly portable communications device -LRB- including VoIP -RRB- for a reltively small price . Add a suitable Bluetooth enabled phone with an unlimited data package and you 'd be set almost anywhere . But as it stands , for users who are not in a WiFi rich environment , devices like the PPC-6700 make more sense . And if you look at the next generation of such devices , many with integrated , slide-out keyboards and larger screens than the current generation , the N800 makes even less sense.In sum , the N800 is a beautifully designed gadget embodying many forward thinking concepts . Within its limited purposes , it works very well . But in real terms , on a dollar for dollar basis , you get more utility - if substantially less beauty - in device such as the PPC-6700 . But if your desire is primarily web browsing with Flash capability , the N800 may have a lot of appeal . Business oriented users , however , may find themselves much happier continuing with their Treo 700 or PPC-6700 . Jerry
 I just got this device over the weekend and have some things to say about it : Pros-Fast , instant on connection to the web , e-mail , internet radio , news feeds-Beautiful , crisp widescreen display-It 's based on the open source Linux platform , which means many people are rapidly developing many different types of programs for it while at the same time hiding all the scary command line stuff behind a nice elegant user interface-Webcam-You DO N'T have to sign up for any phone company for the device to work . . either go out into the city and use street hotspots or use your already existing internet connection at home -LRB- if you have a wireless router -RRB- - Excellent alternative to a second/third computer at home without having to buy something like MSNtv/Webtv -LRB- which charges subscription fees even if you already have internet service -RRB- for quick web browsing-Store/play/view your pdf files , videos , mp3s and imagesCons-Doesn ' t come pre-installed with AIM/Yahoo/MSN IM client , though it is separately installable and it comes with Jabber/Google Talk software by default-Consequently , those two IM services are the only ones you can use the webcam with -LRB- as far as I know right now -RRB- - The video quality is good -LRB- an . avi file plays beautifully -RRB- , but stay away from Youtube or flash video sites , because they 're choppy-No java support -LRB- at least not out of the box as far as I know -RRB- - Screen can scratch easily from wear and tear of frequent use -LRB- only noticeable when the device is powered off -RRB- , so invest in a screen protector and try to be gentle with the stylus-Included protective pouch is not as good as the protective cover the previous model the Nokia 770 had.Overall , aside from the cosmetic qualms I 'm having , I love the device since it provides a lazy access point to the Web when I otherwise do n't feel like booting up my computer to say , look up something on Wikipedia.I tell people it 's like a video ipod except it can surf the web and check your e-mail . Which it is . Except not the same .
 After much research , I purchased this small Nokia N800 Internet Device because I sure do n't love lugging my laptop even for short trips -LRB- especially through airports -RRB- these days . I maxed out the 2 memory card slots to 16GB -LRB- get the latest OS2007 update -RRB- , put on movies , music , loads of FREE apps and am awaiting my new little Bluetooth GPS unit to utilized Maemo Mapper software . You can use your fingers or stylus to browse the web with Opera or Firefox , access e-mail with Google Gmail or any other web-based email . Sound is great or you can use a stereo headset to listen to your MP3s , WMAs or FM radio . AND YOU CAN SKYPE ! I speak with my son in Thailand for FREE regularly and you can do this with or without a headset -LRB- has a built in video/still camera & microphone -RRB- . Did I say `` I LOVE MY NEW TOY '' ?!!!
 I first learned of the Nokia N800 by accident just looking at PDA sights on the Internet . The more I learned about it the more I wanted it . A newer model -LRB- the N810 -RRB- came out so I compared the newer and the older models and the older one won hands down . Like the Iphone and Ipod touch , this offers a full internet browsing experience not just mobile sights and the clarity of the screen is stunning . Also it is an internet radio with presets from all over the world so you can use it as a radio . Also , hidden inside the radio but not mentioned in any Nokia Literature , the N800 has a hidden FM radio receiver -LRB- the N810 does not have this -RRB- . With a few commands you can activate it and you use the earphones as antenna - but you can listen thru the speakers . You can also watch videos on You Tube with no problems at all . You can download the latest software that comes with the N810 for free from Nokia . Speaking of downloads , ACCESS has made Garnet -LRB- Palm OS -RRB- available free for download so you can download Palm programs to the machine . This is a Linux machine but do n't let that put you off . I had never used one and have found it easy . Plus there are lots of free software like FBRreader available which lets you make the N800 a digital books reader . They 've also just released a program for free which completely simulates a Star Trek PADD from the Next Generation . Whew ! Is that enough for you ? Oh did I mention that all this is a little over $ 200 - half of what you pay for an Ipod Touch and you get so much more . PS there are 2 memory chip slots so you can put in as much as 32 gig on cards purchased separately . The N810 only has one micro memory card chip slot . Oh and the battery is easly changed - it is a Nokia battery available at any cellphone supply store unlike Apple where you have to send in the whole unit when the battery runs out . All in all , this is a winner you will not regret .
 Ok , I purchased this little guy about a month ago . A couple people who work with me own them . One has an N770 and the other has an N800 . After looking at theirs , I had to have one . The N800 ships with OS2007 -LRB- or at least mine did -RRB- , so if you want the latest operating system , you will have to flash it to OS2008 . This is an easy process and there are a few tutorials floating around google that tell you how to do so . I highly recommend it because it increases the N800s processor speed and offers a lot more support in the web browser.I work as a computer technician and I am constantly running to other buildings and other offices . With the tablet , I am now able to check my email , research error messages , look up solutions , etc without having to go back to my office . I can now work on a pc that wo n't boot by using my Nokia to access the internet.I work at a University and there is WiFi on almost the whole campus and my Nokia has never had a problem picking up a signal , it seems like it gets more signal than my HP laptop does . It saves all connections you have made in the past and will connect to them automatically if you choose to do so.Surfing the web is just like a PC . I have only run into one website that would not show up because of some strange plug-in that it required , but that website did n't matter anyway . You can watch YouTube videos , check google maps , etc with no issues.I have also used the internet radio and FM radio -LRB- free download to unlock this -RRB- regularly . The internet radio has an entire directory for you to look through so you do n't have to go find stations on your own , VERY convenient . The FM radio also lets you save favorites -LRB- as many as you want -RRB- and can be quickly accessed from your desktop.I have downloaded several programs for the N800 as well -LRB- all free -RRB- . Everything from Sudoku to ssh software . I love all the support that is available for it . There are several blogs and communities that work with the N800 . Meamo.org itself is a wonderful resource!The only thing I wish it had was an integrated GPS and a hardware keyboard . The N810 has both , but I did n't think those two things were worth the extra price . You can always get a bluetooth keyboard and gps . Especially since I wo n't need either of them at all times . Overall I love this little tablet . The screen is wonderul , the input is great , i have never had any errors or problems with it , and I highly recommend it . Just make sure you buy a case to protect it ! I 've only dropped it once and I was scared to death , but its solid and was n't damaged at all .
 I have been using my n800 for about 3 weeks now , and I have yet to find all the uses for it . WiFi connectivity is solid , and the web browser is fully functional . Skype works very well , so it is my phone of choice ; Pidgin is a good IM tool ; the built-in music player is solid -LRB- not flashy -RRB- , and movies that I ripped for PSP play well using the video software that comes with OS2008.I am thinking seriously about a bluetooth keyboard , largely because I am doing more and more email on this machine -LRB- largely via the web , not the included program -RRB- and it works well with some aspects of Google Docs , so I am even composing docs now . Have n't tried it with spreadsheets , but the basic docs writing works well.This is a great deal , and fits in your suit pocket , unlike a laptop .
 This gadget was reborn with the new OS -LRB- OS 2008 -RRB- . The browser does everything that a full browser does , and youtube works beautifully on the new OS . The scrolling rss news feeder in the home screen is an excellent way to get news updates . Another nice thing is the internet radio -LRB- an fm radio is also available -RRB- . There are loads of freeware downloadable software like canola which gives an ipod touch-like experience . I also liked maemopad + , a multi-purpose sketch software .
 This is a wonderful little PC that works ! You can surf the internet , read and write email , listen to music or podcasts , watch videocasts or movies . I even used it to remotely control other computers . This is a great little product for a really good price . I highly recommend it . I would buy it again .
 Absolutely amazing.Am seventeen and was looking for a goal to shoot for with my programming lessons . Went out on a limb and decided to write software for Maemo.Works flawlessly . Ebooks , music , Python , Wifi , Bluetooth , Security software -LRB- Nmap , Aircrack -RRB- , Writing . All open-source . Only issues I 've had so far are the kind that are fun to fix . One wish , though
 I purchased a 770 model a year ago or so , intending to use it at the office but found it just did n't have the umph required , software was somewhat buggy . The 800 model is MUCH better . after downloading a text editor and a book reader -LRB- I love ebooks -RRB- , and installing an internal 1G and ` external ' 2G SD cards , I am very happy with the unit . No complaints at this time . Meets all my expectations and I have found nothing I have been unable to accomplish . Still need to test use as a windows terminal server client -LRB- Rdesktop -RRB- .
 The Nokia N800 is a very handy internet tablet . The only downside is that it can not open attachments for microsoft word , excel or powerpoint .
 I 've purchased a Nokia N800 after an extensive research on the unit . It 's a great little device if you want a compact internet browser you can take with you almost everywhere you go . There 's a learning curve since the unit runs Linux , but it 's not too steep . If you have a modicum of computer knowledge you will be fine with this device . I just love browsing the web while I 'm out and about . I no longer have to lug around a laptop . There 's a ton of free software to make the device as useful as you want it to be . I 've flashed it to OS2008 from OS2007 and made it bootable from the internal SD card -- not for the faint of heart but it makes a difference in functionality . There 's so much you can do with this device , it 's almost mind boggling . you ca n't call yourself a techie , unless you have an N800 . I love my Nokia N800 .
 Received my N800 , installed skype , and other free applications.As i am familiar with Linux , i found very easy to customize my N800.Wifi is great , bluetooth works fine as well . I have configured my gmail , RSS reader , Can watch movies , listen to music ... browse the web ... so , next time i will travel on holiday , rather than taking the laptop ... i will just have N800 on my pocket and stay connected.Mapper gives you a GPS for free as well ... -LRB- need to buy the GPS devide and connect via bluetooth , but you download the maps and have it with you even off line -RRB- very good cost/benefit !!!!
 love this pc.i 'm on it right now.it 's great for e-mailing and web browsing ... the only problem i have is that i ca n't get the i.m.or skype to work.i 've tried downloading the program but i guess i 'm doing something wrong ...
 This product has actually added value to my life . The ability to quickly check email while in bed -LRB- late at night or earling morning -RRB- without going to the computer or using a heavier laptop is priceless . The ability to fire it up inside -LRB- or even outside -RRB- a starbucks when traveling and quickly browse the internet is awesome . I wonder why this -LRB- the tablet -RRB- line of products has n't caught on ... there are n't too many choices out there.Update - 1 year later
 Positive : - Amazing price about 230-240 $ - Lots of software in online repositories -LRB- also the OS Update is free available -RRB- - Wireless adapter is stronger that the one in my laptop -LRB- PCMCI card -RRB- - 2 slots for memory cards -LRB- according me this solution is better that the one in N810 - 2 GB integrated RAM and only one card slot -RRB- . - Standard USB cable for connection with computer . I use my camera cable for transferring files at work and the Nokia cable at home . - Bright and contrast screen.Negative - There no Screen Protector in to the package - I think that is mandatory . - New OS version was not pre-installed on the device . I make an update , but most of the users will not be willing to take this journey and will use old version.I think these are the key points . Finally I can say that this is an amazing product with several features that bring him in front of other devices in to this category.Regards
 There 's no better cure for insomnia than reaching over to the nightstand and being able to surf the Web in just seconds . You got ta have one of these -LRB- and WiFi in the house -RRB- .
 Pros : Easy to set up and been using it for the intention I bought it for.View video files -LRB- all playing much better than expected , had initially lowered my expectations due to forums feedback -RRB- . A great and versatile PDF reader with the zoom and page turn function.Great web surfing -LRB- with a down side of choppy streaming but can be `` solved '' by downloading it fully -RRB- Great connectivity stability both on the 3G and Wifi.Very stable software compared to the E90 - have not self booted or software hang since I used it arrived 2 weeks ago.Using the N800 along with the E90 , the E90 I find superior or just plain convenient due to key board/hardware and office related software - Office files , emails , phone/sms naturally , photo , music and simple web surfing , personal finance keeping , simple note taking and GPS.Gripes : a. Need to buy external battery charger given my heavy usage.b . Used velcro so that the n800 will not slip out of the nokia pouch.c . Even with the anti glare screen -LRB- maybe the one i bought is a fake ? - it is still not very usable under bright sun light.d . My zero linux background makes it difficult more me to explore this product more intensively.Would recommend it a buy for the value and if tne N810 price drops this level , a simple 3.5 G phone and N810 would make a great combo -LRB- an opinion that did not originate with me but after using the N800 + E90 combo , i would think a n810 -LRB- or improved version -RRB- + cheap 3.5 G phone is more sensible -RRB-
 I bought this particular item because a lot of times I just need to hop onto the internet and I do n't feel like booting up my laptop to do so . The Nokia 800 operates on the Opera 8 platform , which takes most of us Windows people a small amount of time to learn . However , the learning curve is a relatively gentle slope . The interface is via touchscreen.The wifi is BLAZING fast , and you 'll be able to play video form the internet . I recommend buying at least a 2GB SD Memory card -LRB- or a Mini or Micro -RRB- to move media from device to device . The Nokia 800 also is capable of video conferencing via Skype , but I have no use for this application ... yet . Also , you may need to add a hard carrying case and a bluetooth keyboard to get even more productivity out of this device.All in all , this is very good investment for someone who is n't quite ready to take the plunge into the iPhone .
 It 's not everyday that a man can say that a peice of electronic gadgetry has genuinely improved the quality of his life , but today I am fully prepared to say that the Nokia N800 has done just that . It 's a slick looking beast , and it feels nice in the hand . I appreciate the flip out stand , so that I can place it on my desk at school . The recently released OS2008 software that Nokia provides -LRB- free download -RRB- includes a Mozilla -LRB- think firefox -RRB- based browser w / flashplayer version 9 , so basically any website one visits renders perfectly -LRB- much better than the iphone -RRB- . The N800 can use my cellphone as a bluetooth modem where Wifi is not available . The development environment is nice -LRB- mostly based on Gnome/GTK + -RRB- . It has two slots for SD cards , each of which can be up to 8GB . Anyone looking for a fun way to stay connected w/out lugging a laptop around would be well off to purchase this device.My only complaint
 Perfectly satisfied with the performance . Performance exceeded my expectation for quality of sound reproduction.Initially tried it with 20 Watts/channel Digital Amplifier , it did not bring out the quality of these speakers . Switched to a Heathkit/Daystrom AA100 Stereo Tube Amplifier -LRB- ~ 40Watts/Channel -RRB- . Speaker does have plenty of clean Bass . Performance is simply amazing!I saw many reviews complaining about lack of Bass response . I totally disagree.If you bought this speaker and found it unsatisfactory , please try it with a good quality Amplifier . You will change your mind .
 I have been around Altec Lansing and JBL monitor speakers , stereo and music my entire life . I have been fortunate enough to spent lots of time in very close relationships with both stereophiles and several high end stereo salespeople . I have been exposed to lots of various equipment . These JBL L890CH speakers are extremely high quality reference/monitor speakers . I mated them with an affordable Harman Kardon 3490 and also a JBL wireless subwoofer , and the system sounds great . When I recover from these expenses , I plan to upgrade to a Krell or Merantz amp . You can easily spend more on other speakers that do not sound as good . The speakers not only sound fantastic and are great building blocks , they look beautiful in my living room as well . Rock n ' Roll
 I do n't really like to do reviews , however , I have n't had a chance to listen to these speakers much , but today I am listening to some cd 's I have and I 've got to tell you , these speakers are fantastic . I replaced some JBL monitors that I purchased when working for a stereo chain many years ago and JBL has n't forgotten how to make excellent speakers . These are clear sounding , with more than adequate bass . I 'm listening to Elton John and it sounds like the piano is in the living room , the sounds are so clear and true . I 'm using Yamaha separates -LRB- amp , pre-amp and cd player -RRB- to power these speakers and the sound will rival any high priced set up . I ca n't recommend these speakers enough . If you want great sound , buy these speakers , it does n't get much better than these .
 I will say that I am only running 140 watts to them right now and they are crystal clear with very good clean bass , they rattle the walls on the other side of the house . That being said since they can handle a lot more power I was considering bi-amping them that is until last night when I had a few friends stop by and I happened to be standing near the door otherwise I would not have known they were there , when they can into the house they stated they could hear the music from the street and I live a good 75 feet off the roadway , have the speakers facing away from the street and did not have the volume completely up , so for now unless I move out in the middle of the woods I think 140 watts per speaker will do just fine . The speakers are crystal clear in all ranges and despite what some say as to they lack in bass , I was forced to relocate my turntable due to the interference from the bass and now I am reconsidering a new sub since you can not notice it over these speakers . If you are running any less then 140 watts per channel then you may want to consider bi-amping these speakers if your receiver is capable . On another note at times these speakers tend to be a bit much on the high end in the beginning but should settle down . My receiver has the capability of adjusting the EQ to each channel manual or automatically . If you do n't have a decent amp/receiver then I may not recommend these speakers for you . I am running a Pioneer Elite SC-35 receiver so you know what is powering them , also I was listening to them in just plain stereo mode for music , not any of the fancy listening modes and they sound fantastic . I also did watch a movie last night and they sounded fantastic as well but I am eager to watch Jurassic Park which they remastered in 7.1 , I am waiting until I set up the extra two speakers for the 7.1 to watch it but I am sure it will sound fantastic .
 A bit concerned when I received as the speakers were appeared to be light -LSB- use to Vega weight -RSB- . Boy was I surprised when they were hooked up . Excellent range of sound and if you did n't know better you would swear there was a sub-woofer integrated into each speaker . There certainly are better speakers but for the money these are well worth the investment . I use an Onkyo 805 at 135 watts per channel and they absolutely blow me away ... especially on HD Master discs .
 Well I finally purchased them after doing some research . Im am very satisfied and got a great speaker for the amount of money spent ! Very happy ! and they sound great ! I recommend to anyone . Do your research and make your decision wisely . Do not get discourage by anyone . To be honest , I coudnt find a decent jbl center channel , so I complimented the L890s with a Klipsh center . Anyways I hear alot about the Klipsh this and that ... Just get yourself a HTS3600 power center and youll make any speaker sound as a high end product ! I think the L890 is just as good as any high end speaker out there ! Also it has one of the most attractive designs ! i love it ! remenber ! the key is the HTS3600 TRUST ME !!!!!!! it gets the full sound clearity out any speaker !!
 I bought these speakers without being able to hear them before buying . I was really leery about the quality they would produce and with spending over a thousand dollars on the pair i was quite hesitant . But after reading a million reviews i was almost convinced they would be superb.I live in an apartment complex and am not able to pump these babies to their true potential . But i must say at low power they sound immaculate . I can hear all instruments and all noises . The bass is super clear and punchy even at extremely low volumes.On the flip side . Once my neighbors were gone I was disappointed they did n't `` BUMP '' harder at higher volume . I cranked these babies up with 130 watts of .05 THD power and wow they handled all of it without breaking a sweat . On the other hand my ears were ringing after only one Metallica song . I have a pair of L810 's for satellite 's and wow a whole apartment full of accurate loud and clear sound . It did need a sub for more powerful low end . So after turning on my extremely cheap and outdated Aiwa 60 watt powered sub the sound that was missing , was there.So in conclusion ... I am eagerly waiting until I can move into a home where I can power a pair of JBL l8400 's to give me a full deep sound . I am not disappointed at all for what I ended up spending . I have been a JBL supporter for years and am very pleased .
 They are Big ... They are Beautiful , and Bose ca n't even come close to the sound I get out of the system I put together !
 JBL has been a favorite speaker of mine for years . I wanted to upgrade my audio system and chose the L890CH towers because they matched my JBL center channel . The system sounds great , the highs are very clear and the mid range andbass are excellent . JBL speakers are quality speakers , the cabinet finish is excellent and the components are top notch andprovide a great sound .
 I have been a big fan of JBL speakers for years . I needed to upgrade to handle the power of the stereo system I bought.The speakers are outstanding in quality and sound reproduction .
 These speakers sound awesome . I am very happy with the quality and sound so far . I would definitely recommend them .
 Tremendous speaker ! The construction is top notch and the installation is simple and uncomplicated . Both the appearance and manufacture of the product is top notch . I strongly recommend this product over the competitors for these features , and because of the exceptional reasonable cost . Simply the best product for the money available today .
 good speakers . Needs powerful amp . VERY large speaker at 60 + lbs . Makes 47 '' tv look small . Sorry on iPhone
 I recently brought two of these speakers and I must say that I have been looking for 30 years now to find something like this for my home entertainment ; anyone buying this product would be fully satisfied .
 When I 've ordered speakers before I assumed that they knew I needed a pair . This speaker sells one at a time . Be sure you order two .
 I brought these speakers two days ago to use with my Harman Kardon receiver and the cds player this sound is amazing i never hear a music with this quality before , amazing speakers I really recommend to any music quality lovers like me . Thanks JBL for this great product .
 originally had these towers majorly underpowered and enjoyed them even than now that i 'm actually feeding them enough power the beast within has arised in a good way woofers would flop around like crazy underpowered but give them the power they need and they tighten up running them on a onkyo 5008 receiver in btl mode had them turned up as loud as my ears could take and not even a nuance of distortion
 I use a pair of these for more than three years . A center speaker was replaced with a comparable L from JBL a few month later . Each L890 is powered in my setup by two channels -LRB- bi-wire -RRB- of a good Pioneer Elite receiver , and can produce very loud and usually clear sound . While bi-wire is slightly excessive -LRB- the speaker does not need 2 x 130W -RRB- , it is a reasonable use of `` excessive '' channels from amplifiers and may somewhat reduce distortion . The speakers are not bad in low frequencies , but I use a rather inexpensive , however low-frequency 15-inch sub for 20-50Hz ; and this is necessary to get everything for 5.1 sounds . I do not think something small , like a 10-inch subwoofer , would be sufficient as an additional `` fifth way '' for these speakers -LRB- they are already 4-way with a good set for high frequencies -RRB- . Before this set I used also a -LRB- 4 +1 -RRB- - way front sound , and never believed in two-way main speakers.A removed one star , because after two years one mid-range transducer began to make some distortion , as I found using clear testing sounds . But I have quickly purchased the part from a very convenient JBL -LRB- Harman already -RRB- site for slightly above 20 dollars , and the replacement was very easy , absolutely external . In general , I should not consider this a really serious problem for me due to specifics of my original purchase . When the speakers have arrives from a distributor -LRB- for good prices , when JBL was going `` under Harmon '' -RRB- , one speaker did not have one plastic mounting cap inside the box , and some damage occurred . Instead of a partial compensation or replacement of one speaker , as I asked , I was immediate given all money back for the set and no return was requested -LRB- thus , it was free , including shipping -RRB- . To correct the speaker I purchased same mid-range -LRB- as two years later for another one -RRB- - it was broken , and have applied epoxy to restore -LRB- very successfully -RRB- one plastic leg broken into peace and a crack on another one . There was also a scratch on the cabinet , but I do not remember where , it is not visible .
 I have had these speakers for a little over a month and they sound great . Even though I have a subwoofer , they sound great by themselves . In my opinion , this is a true full range speaker . The detailed highs , pronounced mid and deep lows make this speaker a winner . I not only recommend this speaker , I also recommend the rest of the Studio L line . One word of caution ... they will sound really bright at first but they will calm down .
 I purchased a complete Studio L home theater anchored by the L890 over a month ago , and after breaking them in with every style of music , I can can say that these speakers truly deliver the goods . On acoustic Jazz , you can hear into the performance , with a deep and wide soundstage and terrific articulation of each instrument . Bass is full and natural with a solid feeling of the body of the instrument . Horns sound real and arc across the front of my room . The music in 2 channel analog direct mode on my Sony STR-DA5400ES reciever makes my music come to life . These speakers are well balanced from top to bottom , and never emphasize one part of the audio spectrum over another . On Classical music , orchestras sound powerful , and the strings sound rich and full . The speakers present a sweeping panorama of sound . Organs go deep and sound powerful , in fact I can feel the sound of the organ in my chest . Beethoven and Mahler sound like you are there in the concert hall . Rock music really comes alive with drive and punch . The 2 8inch woofers go deep and remind me of how classic stereo speakers used to sound . Every CD or LP I play comes to life and reminds me why I love to listen to music as much as I do . On Blu-Ray movies and concerts , the sound is even more mindblowing than on music . Dialog thru the matching center channel is crisp and clear . The L890 's deliver the rest of the sonic goods with clear , rich and involving sound . Explosions and special effects are presented better than in the finest cinema houses . I wall mounted the JBL Studio L matching rear speakers and now enjoy a seamless and truly enveloping sound expierence with every film . On concerts , the DTS-Master Audio and Dolby TrueHD provided by my Sony BDP-S550 Blu-Ray player and matching surround sound reciever deliver a stunning recreation of sound . Over the years I have owned a number of outstanding audio speakers , from B&W Nautilus to Paradigmn Studio 100 's , but no speaker , regardless of cost , as given me the complete home audio sound I was seeking for both music and movies . Many speakers sound great on one or the other , but not both . With the JBL Studio L speakers , I have finally found the complete audio nirvana I have sought for so long . And at these prices on Amazon , I was able to purchase the entire 5.0 suite for a fraction of their original retail cost . An astounding audio bargain at full price , but at half or less this is a no brainer . A true old school classic yet with state of the art engineering and great build quality , JBL has produced a modern audio classic . I highly recommend these speakers without reservation and would strongly encourage anyone in the market for either a stereo pair or a complete home theatre to dive in and open your ears to the sound of music and film delivered with the realism and detail so often missing in most systems . You wo n't regret it .
 I bought these because I trust JBL . I have a pair of JBL Decade L-26 speakers that are 33 years old and going strong . Originally I was going to buy some Polks and use them as my rear channel . I listened to the JBL Venue series and was not too impressed , the Studio L 's blew them away . They sounded so good my old JBL 's will be the rear channel now .
 Originally I was not going to consider the JBL Studio line , based on my past opinion of JBL speakers . I looked at JBL 20 years ago - they were very popular , so you could find them in any audio store - and back then they were simply too bright for me . Unnaturally so . That was then.The JBL studio line is a great series of speakers . They tend to be large physically , so take the measurements into account when you start to research them.I was originally going to get the L830 speakers , which matched the amount of money I wanted to spend . Before long , I started to realize that I would need a powered Sub-woofer eventually , and that the ~ $ 225 L830 package -LRB- From Harman direct -RRB- would soon mushroom to way over $ 500 , or so.So I started to look at the L890 . It 's a full-range speaker , so it does n't need a SW to reproduce low frequencies . But what it does need is a big room . You need to be able to place them about 3 feet from the wall to keep the bass from getting muddy . This is n't a huge problem if you do n't have the room , unless you crank them up . But sooner or later you 'll wish you had them sitting in the middle of the floor of a big empty room . This is what they deserve.The imaging is quite quite good - I give them a strong B-plus there , and the accuracy is thrilling - I rate them a strong A-minus . It 's hard to grade these speakers , because you get so much for your money.Sure you could spend thousands more to get an even more spectacular experience , but I just could never justify that kind of expense.I spent about $ 680 -LRB- shipped -RRB- on two of these from Harman direct.These come via freight , the boxes are large and heavy , and I dread the day I 'll have to move them to another house . Also they are tall speakers and the footprint is somewhat narrow , so if you live with earthquakes or rambunctious St.Bernards then you will want to find a way to tether them somehow , and I 'm not sure how you would do this if you agree with me that they should be placed away from the wall.If you have the room for them , then I ca n't imagine you 'd be unhappy with these speakers . They are surprisingly good , and it will take me a long time to outgrow them . I would also recommend any speaker in this product line - the L830 is also a very good deal in a very large `` bookshelf '' speaker.As a trivial point , these speakers do not have aluminum feet as described . The feet are plastic that has been painted silver - whatever , they work fine and are sturdy enough to take the spikes that screw into them if you want isolation from your carpet.It took me some serious research , shopping , shipping coordination , and setup to get these babies in place in my home . Now I get to enjoy them for years .
 Great speakers for the money.very pleased with them.wonderful sound , very clear and crisp.don ' t think you need a separate sub . for these speakers.However , I already have a Jbl 300 watt sub.I turn it on low , it blends in very nicely with the speakers . so far I enjoy the speakers tremendously.you need good amp . to power them so you can enjoy their full potential.You wo n't go wrong with these speakers.Hope this will help .
 I purchased a set of these speakers refurbished because they were so cheap and its one of the better purchases ive ever made . the l890 's deliver pure , full range sound with a precision and clarity that you just wont find in any other speaker in their price range . in fact , i only bought the l890 's for the hell of it because they were so cheap but they are now my part of my main system . the highs soar , the midrange is perfect and the dual 8 inch woofers deliver tight , accurate bass.if youve read the other reviews you may have seen someone mention pairing them with the right equipment . this is very true . when i first hooked these up i felt the bass was lacking and didnt have enough punch for me . remember ... these things require POWER ! if you have a modestly powered amp or receiver you may be disappointed with the bass reproduction . the l890 's are biampable and i would suggest feeding them plenty of power if you plan on getting the most out of these speakers.now lets say youve decided to purchase your very own set of l890 's heres a little bit of advice . remember the equipment pairing issues , give them power ! and if you really have to have deep , powerful bass i would also suggest getting a powered subwoofer . hope this review helps .
 I have used a pair of the L890 's for my system mains , with a JBL mid , JBL 10 inch powered sub and L830 's for surround sounds as a home theater for about 6 months . It is a very good combination for music and blu-rays . I listen to a very eclectic mixture of music from Mozart to Bob Marley to SRV to Eagles . Very good response in all ranges . They look nice , as well , but they are really big and heavy . They need a lot of juice so do n't scrimp on the power . Lastly , they are a good price for this level of performance and I have personally paid a lot more and gotten a lot less for it . Pull the trigger on the purchase.I just replaced a 100W Sony A/V with the new Onkyo 808 at 135W . Even better performance than before . It is too good !
 Great speaker ! Really ! The sound is very balanced , effortless and transparent . It delivers without shouting , very musical , terrific ! You can spend x20 on speakers , you ca n't get better sound.This speaker when connected to HK3490 is above anything else on any price range . My most loved CD by Neal Seroka is singing ! All instruments are there with most delicate details preserved . The sound comes out of this speaker is undeniably music ! From bass to guitar and drums with brushing and cymbals this speakerdelivers !
 I have had these speakers for a little more than a month and am very satisfied with the quality and sound . Driven by an Onkyo TX906NR they produce amazing clarity and power by themselves and really blend well with my JBL 200 Watt Powered Sub-woofer and the JBL LC2 Center Channel . Sound quality of HD movies from my Dish Network ViP722 nearly rivals that of high quality Blu-ray movies . I do n't think I could have found a better front speaker with this kind of sound range for anywhere near the price . One word of caution , the JBL factory shipping containers leave alot to be desired . They support the speaker at the top and bottom with good solid formed foam but provide no protection beyond the cardboard anywhere else . Being heavy speakers -LRB- near 60 lbs -RRB- they get banged around in shipping . Both of my speakers had damaged boxes in the areas not protected by the foam supports and one was damaged in the form of the glue letting go on the front panel which holds the speakers . Thankfully there was no other damage and a little Gorilla Glue and clamping for 24 hrs made it good as new . I look forward to every new Blue-ray Disc to see how they sound , no disappointments after more than 20 Discs and probably twice that in HD movies on Dish Network . You ca n't go wrong for the money !
 Have had these for about 1 year.First , in my apartment a little bright & definitely boomy . Couch was against the back wall , so the problem was too much speaker in a too small a room . Mids though , in the human voice range always sounded great.Now , in my house , MUCH better . Really happy specially for half the list price .
 I did not know how many sounds I was missing.It was good just connected to the receiver , but then I ran the receiver setup with the small microphone and the sound became heavenly.I put the dvd ofScorpions
 I 'm quite happy with this drive . It 's fast . It 's slim enough to fit into USB ports in the front of the Dell PCs at school that are designed poorly enough to not allow some larger -LRB- but still normal sized -RRB- USB drives . With the nice aluminum casing it appears that I will never have problems like I 've had in the past when my plastic casing broke , making my drives useless.It seems that nearly everyone in my department at school has got some kind of flash drive , but I have n't seen any that rival this one .
 Fan was going out in my power supply , was n't enough room for a standard 30 mm width and it called for 80x20 specifically . Popped it in , ran the plugin out of the PSU and into the regular power cords and worked with no trouble .
 After about a week of using the iLuv i707 I am still extremely pleased . I originally purchased it to use along with my iPhone 3GS to stream music via WiFi or 3G to my car stereo . I wanted to have a way to have access to a large amount of music without carrying around a case of CDs or filling up my iPhone with a ton of music . The iLuv i707 along with the Pandora and Digitally Imported apps are still the perfect solution.The sound quality is EXCELLENT -LRB- dependent on the quality of the stream -RRB- for an FM transmitter . Sound quality is not CD quality but due to the nature of FM transmitters , the sound quality never will be . I would imagine regular MP3 sound quality would be just as excellent as well . I read some other reviews on the construction being questionable . I did NOT have that issue . The unit is substantial and everything locks and holds in place . It looks very professional on my dash . I also have NOT had any issues with my iPhone being jostled out of place by bumps . Maybe with a lowered suspension or low profile tires the case might be different , but that is no fault of the i707 . After a week of my daily commute of interstate driving , pothole ridden city streets , and speedbumps , I have NOT had the unit or iPhone come loose once . Use the included adaptors . They will hold your device in place.I do have a few issues though that I feel everyone should know before making a purchase . They do n't ruin the transmitter , I just wish I would have known beforehand.I have slim fitting rubber case -LRB- NOT an Otterbox -RRB- for my iPhone that makes it just slightly larger than the cradle . Kind of a hassle to take my case on and off to get my iPhone to fit into the cradle . You can take the cradle off and attach the iPhone with the case still on , but it is not held into place on the transmitter as securely.Also I noticed that the unit would charge for about 5 minutes , then switch to a constant power supply -LRB- as if my iPhone was fully charged and plugged into a power source -RRB- for another 5 minutes , then a notice would pop saying that the `` accessory does not support charging . '' So essentially the adaptor is running off of my iPhone battery most of the time . I originally thought it might be an issue with the iPhone or the transmitter but after doing some research I found that my Subaru 's 12v cig outlet does not supply a constant source of power . So the transmitter does in fact charge , but only when there is power running to the transmitter . Again , not a fault with the FM transmitter itself , but just something you might want to investigate before purchasing an accessory that runs off your 12v outlet . I read some other reviews about the transmitter maybe draining the battery rather than charging it , I believe this may be why . So far i have noticed if you just keep your device locked , battery life is only minimally used , and when the outlet power line kicks back in the little amount that was used is recharged back . Not totally a deal breaker but still I wish I would have known beforehand.Other than these minor issues , this is a GREAT FM transmitter .
 I have owned other FM Transmitters and did not have high expectations for this one , but was very surprised when I started using it . It has been working great ! It is very stable -LRB- I 'm not using the extension piece -RRB- and the sound quality is way better than any other one I have tried . With previous Transmitters I would have to turn the volume almost completely up on my iPhone and the radio to even here the music , but with this one the radio stays at pretty much the same level as before I plug the phone in and I do not touch the volume on the Phone . Which is nice because when I am walking to work I do not get surprised when I plug my headphones in with extremely loud music in my ears . I would definitely purchase this item again !!
 This adapter is convenient , effective and sounds nice . The only concern I had was that it swivels easily from side to side , so if you bump it too hard the adapter rotates to the side . There is a locking mechanism to keep this from happening on the veritcal axis , but right and left there is a little too much play . Overall , a great product !
 I 've had my transmitter for about 8 months now . I would not make it without this thing . It 's wireless ! That is my favorite part ! You do n't even have to plug it into the lighter unless your ipod needs charging , you can just sit it on the seat . I have a bose radio that I use it like a remote for , I jam from my car to my house , to the back yard ! lol It it broke tomorrow , I 'd be on Amazon ordering another at my soonest convenience . There is one other thing , if your music is boot leg music , then it will sound like bootleg music no matter how good the transmitter is -- just keep that in mind !
 I have tried many brands/types of fm modulators . This is my second iluv . Nothing comes close . I do agree with the review regarding the use of the rubber band , although I have never needed it in my car , only in my rough riding truck .
 This is the first FM transmitter I 've used , and while it 's not the greatest with respect to volume , it 's good enough to use in my AUX-lacking car with my iPod Nano . I did n't find great reviews on any of them and this one is much less expensive than many . I use it all the time and I think it 's a good value for the money .
 I purchased this for my cargo van which has only a basic radio , although it is stereo . I have one of the first iPods with lots of music on it , but do n't use it for much else . Was thinking of changing out the radio for a new system , but the van is not really the best place to listen to music anyway so I figured it would not really be worth the cost and trouble . This unit was the answer for me . It works even better than I hoped . Took it on a trip from Virginia to Georgia and it played perfectly all the way and had no trouble with interference with radio stations on the way with the same frequency set . It also is very compact and has an easy to read frequency display and it is easy setting the frequency . Has two memory frequency settings if needed . The power plug in works fine , supporting the unit without wires , and it will angle to be viewed from the side so it makes the iPod easy to see for driver or passenger.I am very pleased with the product and it was half the cost of others that I found . Delivery was fast too .
 I love this transmitter . I bought this when my old radio transmitter died , so I thought I would give this one a try after reading the reviews . And I love it ! Theres never any static , and the device doesnt have to be plugged in to the cigarette lighter to work . Its wireless ! This was a big thing for me since my old one would have to have been plugged in all the time , and sometimes I needed to use other devices which would also need to be plugged into the cigarette lighter to work . So then I would have to unplug my music , which was annoying . The only thing I did n't like too much is that I have the IPod touch , which is thin , and this is built for all types of IPods , so there is extra space . The only problem with that is sometimes when I go over a bump or hit my breaks too hard , the IPod comes loose and disconnects from the transmitter , which causes my music to go off and then I have to reconnect it . But that is not a big deal at all . I love this device and I would highly recommended it to anybody !
 I really like the two memory buttons . I travel from Waco to Dallas many times a month and that is wonderful . I also like that it has an expandable stand . Without that it keeps on hitting my gear-changer-thing-a-ma-bob -LRB- I 'm great with cars ! -RRB- . Sound quality is excellent , much better than my last transmitter and it charges , woo ! Things that would make this not the best
 They know where it 's at with the FM transmitter - I 've owned it for a day , but it worked great everywhere I went , only a few minor static issues , but with adjusting the station I should be fine.It has the power to override some stations too . Honestly , I bought a Griffin a few years ago . . the ex took off with it and have n't had one since . I got an iPhone 4 and wanted to use Pandora instead of the radio . . This was my solution!However , I purchased a used GOGO Flex or whatever and it was a piece of crap . . I think anything with the flexing is n't going to be worth it . . I spent $ 25 , it was valued at $ 50 + and I would n't spend $ 9 on it . . I had to spend another $ 10 on this one AFTER I RETURNED the other . . Got this one in the mail . . PROS : Sturdy , secure holding spot and very tightly fit to hold position at almost ANY angleGREAT reception/transmissionCool display and useful memory buttonsVery sleek designHandles bumps in road , brick roads , country roads in a sports car.CONS : There is n't as much angles to it as the old Griffin , but you can still adjust it to a few . * not built for iPhone 4 , but works with it just fine
 I previously had another transmitter for my iPod Nano 3rd Gen. I really liked it , but it broke after a couple of years . It was a goose neck type & i did not like that it would slide from side to side . I LOVE my iLUV . It stays firmly in place , & is flexible so that I can move it so my knee does not hit it when I 'm driving . The sound quality is GREAT , and it broadcasts perfectly . The iLuv looks great and does not take up a lot of space . I would definitely recommend this to friends & family .
 I purchased this item a month ago and let me tell you it is worth every penny . It is extremely easy to set up , just plug it in , slide your ipod in place , tune into the designated channel and you are ready to go . The transmitter was set automatically to 88.1 when I purchased it and not once have I had to channel surf to get reception ! Great sound ... Great product ! Although this is the best FM transmitter I have come across there is one grievance that I have ; if you have a cover on your ipod -LRB- if that is what you are using -RRB- it will not fit in the dock . I had to take my cover off for it to fit . But , I guess you can see this as a plus as well . Your ipod is snug and in place , and there is no way your ipod is going to be jostled around when you are on bumpy roads . I would have given this 5 stars but my one grievance knocked it down . What I see as a minor flaw someone may see as a major flaw !
 I was really impressed with how great the sound is ! I just plugged my IPod in , and had great quality sound . My husband said it sounded even better than the CD we had been listening to . The signal is really strong . If I program it to a station where there is already a radio station , it still works with minimal static and interference . I was really impressed with how easy and how great this sounds . I would definitely reccomend it !
 This transmitter works great , and it is n't bulky or obnoxious to use when driving . Sometimes , it 's a little bit static-y , but I think that has more to do with radio frequencies than the transmitter 's capabilities .
 I bought this for my son because it had great reviews from other customers ... he 's very happy with it .
 I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a piece of crap and then I found this one for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and it works 1000 times better than the Belkin thing I bought . I would have given it 5 stars , BUT the instruction manual was horrible . I did n't realize that the only way to power the thing on was to plug my Ipod into it . The only other downfall was I got a lot of feedback if I plugged the thing in all the way . Then , I lost the little metal piece that goes around the bottom of the part that plugs into the outlet . Ever since I lost that bit and plugged it in , NO MORE FEEDBACK !!! . The sound quality in my opinion is CD quality . Even on a station that I could hear fairly clear , this thing covered it up completely !! I 'm so glad I purchased this.Another reason I had to downgrade the rating was because they -LRB- J&R ; Music -RRB- charged me almost the same amount of the item for shipping to an APO/FPO address . That is horrendous !!! I ca n't believe how many companies try to get over on shipping to military ... HORRIBLE !
 This is just what everyone with an IPOD needs . No more bulky cds and carriers . Our friends have ordered them since we got our first one . This is our 3rd ... one for each vehicle .
 This transmitter is wonderful . I plugged it right in and it worked right away without any set-up . I just changed the channel -LRB- I already had a station in mind , since I have SiriusXM too -RRB- and it works perfectly . Great deal too !
 Great signal , great sound , it works very good , it even works perfect if you take it off the 12v device , fit 's different sizes of ipods , easy to handle ... easy working ...
 I like this product.I like it because it is a good product for the price and fuctionality . For someone like myself that has an old car stereo , and not the money to buy a new radio with ipod inputs this product fits the bill . I do like this product , but let me tell you what the cons are to this product
 amazing after buying several other transmitters this is the best one . the sound is better quality and no static when Im driving .
 Worked better than any other transmitter/charge we tested . This works great with older iPods as well !!! Very happy with this product .
 This is a decent product . After a trial period with my first car , I went ahead and got a second one for my other car . It is easy to operate and offers good functionality for different positioning . Also has adaptors that work well when switching from ipod nano to iTouch , etc. . The two downsides are a lack of high volume when you want to crank up a song and some fuzziness and occasional static . Overall though a good product for the price .
 Bought to play pandora from my iPhone in my Toyota truck , worked great around town but hit some dead spots on I-95 , do n't know if it was phone , or product ?
 I recently purchased this transmitter for my car and iPod and so far is working great . The sound is much clearer than others I 've tried and my 30GB iPod fits pretty securely in the holder.I recommend this product !
 It was easy to use right out of the box . The directions were a bit unclear but it was n't hard to figure out . I like that it 's hands free and I do n't have to worry about it sliding away from me as if it were on a cord . I love that it keeps my iPod charged while playing . I 've used it in multiple cars and I like that it swivels and has the option to extend . I would definitely recommend it to anyone !
 I 've had this unit now for two years and it still works like a champ for an FM transmitter . There 's static on some channels when I travel , but I 'm competing against much higher bandwidth . Worth the money for someone looking to just enjoy their tunes without a full audio facelift .
 I bought this for a trip from Houston to San Antonio and it was a life saver ! For 3 1/2 hours , I had great music directly from my iPod ! It truly worked perfectly from the moment I plugged it in . I only had to change the frequency one time during the trip . Would highly recommend .
 I am very pleased with this product . Some times there is a bit of static but I only notice it in between songs . It 's great to be able to take my ipod in the car with me .
 Just wanted to say this item works fantastic . I 'd tried one of the little Belkin FM transmitters and it was horrible , so I returned it . Best Buy did n't have a great selection , so I thought I 'd check Amazon & based on the previous reviews of this product , I though ti would give it a try . I live in the LA area , so there are n't many unused frequencies , and the Belkin transmitter would always get interrupted -- even when I used the auto-search function . The iLuv works great & will play my iPod music over staticky stations . The only problem is the attachment that plugs into the cigarette lighter is n't very flexible , so I had to add the extension to it -LRB- which I 'm SO glad they had that in the package -RRB- , and now it sticks out kind of far , near my shifter -LRB- I have an automatic '04 Camry , but if you drive a stick , this could be a problem -RRB- . And it 's a little hard to read the station on the iLuv when it 's plugged in . But other than that , it 's great .
 Since my car does not have a cassette -LRB- or ipod/MP3 plug -RRB- , a product such as this is the only way I can listen to the ipod on the go . I have tried similar products previously and was not pleased with the results -LRB- excessive static , cutting in and out -RRB- . Regardless , and with skepticism , I decided to take a chance on the iLuv . Results follow.PROS : - KEY POINT
 I got this after my Monster transmitter started having some issues - probably due to cord damage . After some research , I bought this one since it also charges the iPod . It does n't limit which stations you can choose , like some and I have no problem finding a good frequency . Only get static occasionally , which I 've heard is a big problem in cities . I 've only had it about a month , so I ca n't attest to its durability , but so far I am very happy with it - have n't had to charge my iPod inside for weeks !
 I just received the iLUV and think it is great . It was pretty much plug ` Nplay , and would recommend it to anyone who would love to share their tunes . We have the iPod Classic , so it simply slipped into the cradel , then we chose the book we downloaded from the library and listened to a little Louis L'Amour for a couple hours . Great give idea .
 This product does not work well with my iOS , due to the slenderness of the iPod . If I hit a bump , the iPod will either skip , or it will be juggled out of place . It 's difficult to fix , because then I have to reprogram my radio , and make sure the iOS is plugged back in . It 's a lot of work while driving.I placed a small , but thick rubber band around the holder , and it keeps my iPod in place for the most part . Overall , I 'm happy . I just had to pull off a MacGyver to get it to cooperate . : -RRB-
 prior to buying a new fm transmitter for my '02 bimmer , i checked out several iluv reviews . what caught my eye in one review was a reference to `` radio-locater . com '' -LRB- subset `` vacant channel search '' -RRB- , which locates the most suitable fm channel in ones area to tune into . no more going thru a tedious process of elimination . i 've been using the iluv for about a month now , and i could n't be happier with my listening experience . i 've positioned the gadget so that it 's convenient to manipulate , thanks to the articulating arm supplied . another plus -- my iphone charges while it 's plugged in -- a feature lacking in my previous transmitter .
 I have used 4 other brands , this beats them all . The signal is so clear sometimes it overrides other local stations . I drive cabs and limos so installing an AUX is out of the question cause Im in different cars all the time . This is such a relief , now I can enjoy driving again .
 Ordered this so I can Use My IPAD NANO in my Truck.It was Easy to Set Up and Get Going . No Real Instructions Needed.The Sound Quality is GREAT ! I Recommend this to ANYONE !
 This is a pretty good connection for your radio and your phone ... you can play any music apps that you have on your phone from this transmitter.It has 3 different type of connections depending on what type of iphone or ipod you have . I just played around with it and found that the type b works for my iphone 4s but I think the type a works as well . Its very easy to put together there are just a couple of things you have to put together . All you do is put your radio to 90.1 and connect your phone to it and it can play anything you want it to from your phone . My connection from my radio to the phone doesnt work so this is a great tool until I fix it or it breaks .
 Great travel companion . Wish I could answer the phone through the speakers otherwise a great incesrment . I.e. no cables to deal with
 Excellent product !! Must admit , I was skeptical because I 've purchased two different ones in the past and they were garbage . Very poor quality sound due to reception , etc. . This one is n't as good as digital , but it 's as good as these devices can get . And price vs. quality is excellent . I recommend 100 % .
 I bought this to use in my vehicle and I was skeptical that this would work with my iPhone 4 as the description says it is for the iPhone 3g and 3gs . This item does work with the iPhone 4 and is very sleek looking . This does not move around when I drive and even works with an aftermarket iPhone case . Good Product Highly recommended .
 these things are great for everything from hunting to sports . the image stabilization is unbelievable . Watch cheerleaders at you next pro football game , and without the handshake that is typical of such activities !!!
 I use this at work and it is the greatest thing ! I 've relieved a lot of the tension in my neck form holding the phone on my shoulder . It has a very far range .
 Does exactly what I wanted it to do ! Works great ! Could n't have asked for better ! Cheap , useful , cool and convenient !
 I have an older TV that has limited a/v ports and this device has made a world of difference it works like a charm , and got to me in a fast time !
 This did exactly what we needed it to do ; switch between DVD and Roku box . Though seems a bit cheap , its a great solution for the price .
 The port selector works fine and does what I expected . It 's simple and a great value for the low price . The good thing about it is that it is low tech and there 's no electronic components that could fail .
 Affordable and does its purpose well . Light-weight and am very pleased to have purchased this instead of purchasing at other stores for more than what I 've paid for this product .
 The 3 port selector works great ! I use it for my vintage video game systems , ordered 2 , thank you very much ! : -RRB-
 Cheap , does what I was looking for and does it well . Much easier to change a switch than constantly unplug and replug cables .
 this was a nice item . it worked perfectly , you have to manually switch your stereo components which is a three port switch . http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=tag_rvc_rv_ihlp_wt?ie=UTF8&nodeId=16238571
 It works great although all i use it for is to connect my Souround Sound System to my Zune/IPod , TV , and Gaming system -LRB- Xbox 360 and PS3 -RRB- great overall cant complain about this onewould give it a 8 out of 5 if i couldlater
 My first review . : -RRB- Forget about the FREE Cable . Buy another one and throw away the one that comes with the switch . It 's so cheap and flimsy I had both video and audio issues with that cable from the beginning . Luckily I had a spare.As for the switch itself , it 's decent . I have Cable TV -LRB- DVR -RRB- , Netflix 's Roku , and DVD player hooked up on an old TV that has one video and one audio component input . Video and audio comes out pretty much the same as when the Cable/Netflix/DVD boxes were attached individually to the TV . That 's not to say they 're high quality , just decent . People with HD TV 's and whatnot , this switch is n't made for you .
 This $ 5 device replaced a $ 20 Sony that for some reason shorted out the right audio channel . Sure , it 's cheaply made but it works and has good channel isolation . A good buy !
 The device itself doesnt feel like its very high quality because its so light -LRB- seeing as its hallow -RRB- , and the cable connectors feel like they might come loose if you were plugging and unplugging your cables in and out a lot . Also , the selector switch on the top of mine doesnt quite line up with the numbers printed on the case.All that said , it works , the selector switch works -LRB- even though it doesnt match up like I said -RRB- , and its only 8 bucks . For eight bucks I 'm not going to complain about a `` cheap feel '' . If you do n't want that pay more than 7.99 . It works .
 We could n't believe how affordable this item was ! It was easy to install , and has been a great help to us as we switch between gaming systems .
 Contrary to other reviews , this is nowhere close to ravens purple , but it 's not advertised as it either.That being said , it 's good quality film and got here fast .
 This is just what we were looking for IT 'S RAVENS PURPLE . We will be back to re up our supply .
 when I opened the mailing tube , I was delighted to find the gell rolled carefully with a light felt sheet , not a scratch on it , I put it behind a small 100 watt halogen and got great color . getting to just Purple kills most of the visible spectrum , thats what I wanted , this is perfect ! thanks ! If you want bright purple light , you will need a pretty bright light .
 I just bought this retractable kit from somewhere else . got it for a good deal and i 'd say it is definitely worth what you paid it for . there 's tones of cables/connector to chose from , and the reatractable cable is simply convenient . i 've read the reviews and i think they should warn people to hold both sides of the retractable case to pull out the cable , instead of pulling one side . do this and this product is wonderful . took of one star for poor wire quality , but other than that , its a good deal for the price .
 I bought this product with a rebate , which made it reasonable in cost . I have had a lot of similar products in the past and find it very useful on travel . You never know what you or even a coworker will need . This product uses a generic USB extension cable with numerous attachments to change it to a RJ11 , CAT5 , or various tip USB cable . The kit also comes with a dedicated Firewire cable too . The only thing I do not like about this package is the extra slack in the audio/mic cable that does not stay in a slot and you have to deal with when you zip the case close .
 If you have a need to keep a PC in a secure location but with access from a location within the range of these units you have found the ideal solution . I have been using these devices for 6 years now on 9 office located computers . The furthest distance we have between PC and user interface is around 350ft . All have performed flawlessly since being installed .
 This camera is great , wonderful , one of the best on the market ... if not for that pesky auto focus feature . I was surprised at how well the video feature works ; it 's not the same quality you 're going to get with a stand alone video camera , but it 's not bad either . My may beef with this camera is the auto focus ... sometimes it works , and sometimes it does n't ; I noticed that it 's usually out of focus in indoor/night shots when optical zoom is being used . For the most part , this can be fixed by putting it on a tripod .
 What a great camera . Picture quality is very good and the burst is fun to use . Video feature is fun to use . The zoom is great . You can capture a high quality shot from a long distance . Took some shots at a baseball game in the sport mode and it froze the action . -LRB- ... -RRB- Best price I could fine ...
 This is my first digital so I did a lot of research before I purchased . It 's extremely easy to use , and easy to share pics via e-mail . I 'm not computer savy so this was important for me . The pictures look great , there are lots of features available and they are easy to navigate from the menu . The camera is a little bulky , compared to my 35mm , but I 'm adjusting !
 Best point and shoot I have , and I have a few -LRB- Nikon , Sony , etc. -RRB- A bit clunky but worth the size . Not good for movies , but I use it as picture camera.Only takes 2 GB Max SD cards , but at 5 mp it 's ok . Battery life is outstanding , and speed of shots are adequate 1 every about every 2 sec -LRB- with flash -RRB- . Very clear , sharp images , good color saturation , no complaints . Like ALL cameras an extra flash for poor lighting situations needed for a good night pic.I bought one recently to replace my 8 y/o DX 7590 camera that was submerged in sea water getting of a snorkeling trip on vacation .
 Not a bad little camera with plenty of enhancement products still available for purchase . Although not state-of-the-art , this little camera does the job for the casual user , incorporating the basic features most wanted . It gives the appearance of being a `` better '' semi-professional camera without looking overly complex . Recommended for the beginning photographer who wants the option for something delivering both point-and-shoot technology and manual photography tweaking .
 I have had this camera for years now and it has been the best camera I 've owned so far . It has a bunch of settings such as ` distant landscape ' , ` bright beach scene ' , ` portraits ' , ` night scenery ' , etc. . It takes great photos and zooms pretty well for a little camera . I use it mainly to take beach , boat and sunset pictures and I have received countless compliments . The pictures come out best when you use a tripod to hold it steady but that is really my only complaint !
 This camera was in excellent condition when I received it . I have two other cameras identical to it that we use in our other offices and it works just the same . My only complaint is that the toggle button in the center sticks a little , but it 's not a big deal .
 Great price for the product . Seller provided the necessary information before the purchase of the Kodak EasyShare DX7590 Camera and Dock Bundle . Had a need for existing Kodak printer to work with this camera and dock . Kodak tech support was not very good in assisting me with this challenge . This seller was efficient in the product they sold .
 I LOVE THIS CAMERA AND THE SELLER SEND ME ALOT OF STUFF THAT I DIDNT EXPECT TO GET . THANK YOU . LOVE IT
 This camera is loaded with many special features such as an easy to use dial that allows specific selections to a much larger screen that allows you clear viewing of all your pictures even in bright light.It fits nicely in your hand and the toggle switch for telephoto/zoom makes getting that close up shot a breeze ! The camera dock is easy to use and charges the battery as stated within three hours . I 've also purchased a 512 mg card and at the 5 mega pixels setting the DX7590 can store 315 pictures.When you turn on the camera it helps you with each setting , allowing you to pick the right one for the job and even going as far as telling you to turn on the flash or hold the camera steady.The pictures from the camera are bright , colorful and crisp and ready to be printed out . The camera allows you easy transfer of the pcitures between camera and printer or computer and the colors come alive with the right color printer . Even on draft mode the pics are decent quality . The internal settings allow for easy saving and documentation of special events in folders as well as individual pictures.The only minor issue with the camera is that a proper hand hold on the left side might give the users better stability . The right side offers an easy hand hold with flip up access to the memory card.Over all this camera is one excellent camera and one excellent buy for under $ 500.00 . The entire package , including zoom , 32 mg internal memory , charging dock and 5mg pixel capabilities make this a great buy!Highly recommended!Additional info 5-31-05 Rated only 3 stars now!Found Some Flaws and Kodak will not help , May 31 , 2005After using this camera for more than several months , it 's been to the shop to replace a bad zoom lens . Kodak sent out a new camera and the new camera had updated software for the low light situation but it did not fix the problem . The camera takes awesome bright and average light pictures but the low light pictures come out blurry . Here is some of the email sent to me from Kodak.RE
 I 've taken a lot of pictures with this camera as well as with many other digital cameras . I rank this camera near the top for cameras in this price range.Rather than going through all of the features , I 'm going to comment on what I think makes this camera stand out and what I think this camera lacks.Two of the things that make this camera really stand out are :1 . It has a huge lens , and2 . The lens is made out of glass , not plastic.I believe that these two factors make more of a difference in photo quality than other things , such as a high mega pixel count . You can really see the quality in the photos that this camera takes . The colors are accurate . The images are sharp . And there is no noise when you take a low light , flash photo.Other nice things about this camera : The flash is more than adequate . The 2.2 '' LCD is really nice . The movies it takes are decent and you have unlimited movie time . It has a ton of user options and features . And of course , the zoom on this camera is incredible for the size and price . This camera has many , many nice things about it , too numerous to go into here.The down sides are few . One of them is that the camera is big . I really ca n't consider it a `` pocket '' camera because it simply wo n't fit in your pocket . But that 's the trade off for the big lens and the huge zoom.This camera also has some difficulty focusing in low light . This is the reason I did n't give it 5 stars . Kodak did improve on this from the previous version of this camera -LRB- the DX6490 -RRB- but every camera manufacturer should add that little red light that shines on the subject so that the camera can achieve a proper focus in low light . This is the one feature that I think this , and all cameras that do n't have a manual focus , should absolutely have.If you 're looking for a pocket camera , this probably wo n't suit your needs . Just remember that most , if not all pocket cameras in this price range have really small , plastic lenses . Usually this means a very noticeable sacrifice in image quality -LRB- the Sony-T1 is an example of this -RRB- . Before you buy this camera , I would recommend you look into the Fugifilm Finepix S5000 and S5100 . These are also excellent cameras , but I prefer the Kodak .
 The Kodak DX 7590 at $ 499.99 is a damn good deal ! Kodak states that you can print 20 `` x30 '' poster shots , but if you want photo quality you 're better off sticking with 16 `` x20 '' at most.Pros :1 . 10x Zoom - Fabulous ! Quick responsive zoom , SchneiderKreuznach lens .2 . 5 MP resolution - Can still maintain high quality printswith some cropping of the photo .3 . 2.2 Inch LCD - Easy to view from most angles , sunlight OK , In Low light it adjusts itself for easier viewing .4 . Dock Included - No worries about buying new batteries orconnecting cords from the camera to the computer.Cons -1 . Though they added a new jpg compression setting , the imagesstill seem a bit too compressed ... however , foreveryday purposes and prints , the quality is fine.But for any major editing and/or cropping ... 2 . No manual focus - This would have been really nice for $ 5003 . Slightly small frame for those of us with medium to largehands . My wife can use it fine ... but she wo n't .4 . Digital Zoom - Just remove this `` feature '' altogether Kodak.Overall - the camera is a good buy . From the pews , I was able to get some amazing shots at a recent wedding . The potential for this camera to rival the quality of film is there ... it 's in your hands .
 To me , yes it is . The DX7590 is all the DX6490 should 've been in the first place . This camera is packed with features . There are 14 scene modes . Scene modes are pre-programmed settings by Kodak for different situations like `` party '' -LRB- for indoor photos of people -RRB- , `` backlight '' -LRB- use when the light is behind the subject of the photo instead of behind the photographer -RRB- , `` children '' -LRB- for photos of kids in bright light -RRB- , `` self-portrait '' , `` manner / museum '' , `` flower '' , `` fireworks '' , `` text , `` beach '' , `` snow '' , `` night landscape '' , `` night portrait '' , `` close up '' , and `` landscape '' . On these modes the camera does all the work , sets aperature , shutter speed , exposure compensation , flash compensation and film speed . If the camera shows that you need the flash , use it with these scene modes . I really do n't use those for I am trying to become a better photographer and I have been using the `` PASMC '' modes -LRB- more on those later -RRB- . There are also five more modes to choose from and they are auto , sport , portrait , video and the aforementioned PASMC -LRB- manual -RRB- modes . For auto you control whether or not to use the flash and the exposure compenstion . For portrait and sport , you control just the flash . The `` PASMC '' modes you control just about every thing . the `` P '' mode you control the flash and exposure compensation and the camera adjust the aperature -LRB- how wide the lens opens to let light in the camera -RRB- and the shutter speed -LRB- how long the shutter stays open to let the light in -RRB- , the `` A '' mode you control flash and exposure along with the aperature the camera control the shutter speed . The `` S '' mode you control the shutter speed , exposure amd flash , the camera control the aperature . The `` M '' mode is where it gets interesting . You control everything . The aperature , shutter , flash , film speed -LRB- iso -RRB- and the exposure meter acts as a light meter to tell you if the shot will be underexposed or overexposed but does not prevent you from taking the picture . Finally the `` C '' mode is where you can saved your favorite camera settings and they will remain even after you shut the camera down or switch modes.The Dx7590 is faster at start-up and resetting between shots . There is what Kodak calls `` Exposure Bracketing '' . That is when you take a series of shots -LRB- 3 -RRB- at different exp levels when you 're not sure if the lighting is right . You have 2 different burst modes , a macro and a landscape mode -LRB- to use outside of the scene modes -RRB- , 10X optical zoom and 3X digital zoom for a total of 30X zoom , a choice between fine and standard file compression , 5 megapixels instead of 4 , and so much more.I 'm so getting tired of typing so I 'm going to wind this review up . To me the DX7590 is a wonderful upgrade from the DX6490 . Well worth the purchase in my opinion . Or , if you 're in the market and wondering which one to buy ... I 'd recommend the DX7590 . I have both and I 'm gon na keep them .
 I purchased this camera about a month ago and I am very pleased with it . It is very simple to use and takes great pictures . The picture quality of this camera is on par with a Nikon 5.0 megapixel camera . I compared photos taken on both and although the Nikon quality was slightly better , this Kodak cost $ 1,000 less . If you are in the market for a digital camera and want the capabilty to expand , then this is a good choice . I especially liked the 10x optical zoom and the fact that the lens will accept filters and wide-angle adapters . Although the camera has 32 megabytes of internal memory , you will want to buy a memory card , they are very inexpensive and can provide the capability of up to 150 pictures . Hope this review helps .
 I 'm having to edit this review , since the `` Spotlight Review '' that led me to orignally post it , seems to have disappeared , and Amazon edited my original review . My concern about the reviews of digital cameras is that some reviewers are so obviously trying to scare consumers away from a specific brand , I guess , in hopes they will then go buy another brand . I think this is unfair , and it 's particularly bad when such a review ends up a `` Spotlight '' one , even though most of the readers found it to be unhelpful.Here 's a few facts about Kodak digital cameras , like this fabulous DX7590
 I have long resisted buying a digital camera because all the ones that compared to my trusty film SLR camera were far too expensive . I chose this one because I was impressed with the amount of lens for the price . The 10x optical zoom on this camera has allowed me to take some wonderful pictures . I did n't realize how much I enjoyed using this camera until I got ready to develop some film photos and realized that I only had 5 rolls . -LRB- I usually had 15-20 in the same amount of time . -RRB- The digital photos I have been printing look every bit as good as the ones taken with my film camera . Most of the people I have shared them with do n't believe that they are digital . The video feature also does a surprisingly good job . It wo n't replace a regular video camera for important events , but it has allowed me to catch some fun times that I would have missed because I do n't drag a video camera everywhere I go . The features on the camera are easy to figure out without studying the manual . Transferring the photos to my computer is simple and quick . The photo software is n't the best , but its managable . I love this camera and would recommend it very highly .
 This is my first modern digital camera . Years ago , I had one of the early Apple-branded digital cameras that was more of a novelty than a true camera . I was waiting for both some specific features , a good price for those features , and quality printing at a good price . I feel like with that camera and with digital printing services at places like Costco and Walgreen 's , this was the time.The camera functions great . I 'm a basic user , so I 'm still exploring some of the awesome features . A biggie for me is the optical zoom . A 10X optical zoom is not very common but really important to get quality prints when you zoom . This camera wo n't let you down there.Of course , you 'll want to get a memory card for your camera . The camera has 32MB built-in -LRB- great for spill-over -RRB- , but I bought a 512MB card that lets me store over 150 high-quality pictures . Well worth the investment , trust me.The battery life so far has been really great . Kodak says I can leave the camera in the dock -LRB- but I hate leaving things on a trickle charger - I 'm old school and have wrecked too many batteries by overcharging -RRB- , so I only charge as needed . I 've gone days -LRB- like over the holidays -RRB- taking pictures with no need to recharge.The transfer via the dock is pretty slick - just dock the camera , hit the transfer button , and let it go . I 'm using USB 1.1 and it works great . I did buy a memory card reader too -LRB- in case I needed pictures off the camera but the camera was n't available -RRB- , but so far it 's been easier to just use the dock.The software that comes with the camera is good - but very basic . It allows for basic corrections - red eye , cropping , rotating , brightness , contrast , that sort of thing . I highly recommend getting something else to do heavy-duty editing - like a nice Adobe product . I use Photoshop Elements 3.0 myself.One cool feature in the Kodak software is the ability to easily upload your pictures to Ofoto.com . I do n't use their printing services -LRB- Costco & Walgreen 's is generally cheaper -RRB- , but it is a great way to share photos with others -LRB- who can then order them if they want -RRB- and it 's also a great way to archive those photos . Best of all , it 's free.Overall , I 've been very pleased with this camera . I 've got plenty to learn , but this camera let me get started with taking great pictures immediately .
 I too am happy with my purchase of this unit . It bridges the gap between lower spec p & s ; cameras and SLR cameras nicely . I generally agree with the reviews I 've read here and have n't much to add on the merits of the unit . The pics are infinitely print worthy and will satisfy all but the most savvy -LRB- or hyper-critical -RRB- DC officionados.My sole reason for adding to this post is that I am reading a thread of misinformation here and would like to clear the air.The specs of the DX7590 and the Z7590 are basically identical . The Z7590 was NOT created to address any issues with low light focus and is in fact an update to allow the DX7590 to work with the new series 3 docking station . The Z unit does have an improved low light focus accuracy due to user feedback and this same update is available for the DX through a simple firmware update available at Kodak 's website . Amazon does not allow linking but a simple search of the support page for your camera will take you to the download.If compatibility with the series 3 docking station is a requirement for you , then you need to be reading about the Z7590 , not the DX7590 . If you , like myself , do all of your photo handling with a PC , or if you already have a series 1 or 2 docking station , then your main factor in choosing between the DX or Z should be price.I took adavantage of a recent phenominal price on the DX7590 and feel like I 've almost gotten away with a crime here . Something this great ca n't be this affordable , can it ?
 This is an easy to use , full featured 5.0 Mpxl digital camera with a super sharp 10X optical zoom lens -LRB- plus 3X digital zoom = 30X total -RRB- . It will be difficult to find a larger LCD screen on any other camera . This screen is 2.2 inches and is huge compared to most cameras . Take my advice and buy a DX7590 ! I have been a longtime `` high quality '' 35mm SLR film camera user and was reluctant to `` go digital '' . I thought I 'd lose the quality and versitility of my 35mm SLR ... NOT SO ! The sharpness of this lense and the brillance of the color of the images is certainly equal to -LRB- and in most instances better than -RRB- anything I got from my 35mm SLR film camera . The `` close up '' mode yeilds some incredibly sharp photos . This camera has a long list of great features , tricks and neat things it will do for you -LRB- like being able to zoom up to 8X when reviewing images on that huge LCD screen -RRB- . When buying DX7590 with the EasyShare 6000 Docking Bundle , the docking station , which also serves as a battery charger is included in the `` Bundle '' price . This `` Bundle '' is the best value -LRB- docking station sells for $ 60.00 - $ 100.00 if bought seperately -RRB- . Also , consider buying an extra battery and at least one 128mb -LRB- or higher -RRB- SD card , both will come in very handy .
 Bought my DX7590 to take on a trip to Japan in March 2005 . I took hundreds of pics in all conditions . While not all the pictures are keepers I was amazed at how great most of them came out . The battery lasts forever . And since I bought a spare I never had to worry about having a dead battery . I also bought 2 1-gig SD cards . So far I have only needed one . Since the Japan trip I have taken hundreds of pictures at High School graduations , Birthdays , trips to the lake , Skateboard park , etc. etc. . I get tons of complements on the pictures I take . I am still learning how to use all the different features this camera has but just using the auto setting can get you shooting like a pro right out of the box . Love the size too . Easy to carry along . Not too bulky .
 I looked at digital cameras for a few years before selecting the DX7590 . Each year the number of pixels in cameras kept going up while the price stayed about the same . The first year I was looking a `` good '' consumer camera had about 3 megapixels , then 4 , and now I was looking at cameras with 5 megapixels . What sold me on this camera was the large lens . Instead of one of those small lenses that most comparable cameras have this one has a real large glass lens manufactured by a real German lens maker . Yes , it has all the features you might want if you 're an amateur and then some . I probably will never use the manual override features that allows you to set the shutter time and exposure level , etc. , instead of allowing the computer to do it for me . I 'm still a little bewildered by the large array of optional settings for different subjects , but I 've taken what I think of as superb photos.I 've been taking `` snap shots '' since my first Brownie camera 50 years ago . They were all nice for family albums , but never anything that I would say could compete with professional photos . But all that has changed . The picture brilliance , clarity , and overall quality that I 'm getting outreaches any of my expectations . Last week I was on a camping trip and took a photo of the early morning fog across the lake . Yousers ! It looks to me as good as many I 've seen in professional photo exhibitions.One problem I 'm having is that the 5 megapixel format is so large that I have to shrink the pictures to put them on a web site . One reason I wanted a digital camera was to be able to put photos on the Internet . So I switched to the optional 1.8 megapixels photos , and it 's still too large for my web site . Even at 1.8 megapixel setting the photos are brilliant and clear . It must be the big lens and quality optics . I tried taking some pictures of flowers , and some of them came out blurry . I think I 'm having trouble holding it still for the close ups . I guess I need to put it down somewhere or get a mount . It does have a setting for minimum focal length that is a lot closer than many comparable cameras . I got really good close up , and then blurry ones . Between you and me I suspect it 's operator error.I keep forgetting that I can take as many pictures as I want for free and discard any I do n't need . I like viewing them full screen on my PC . The `` easy share '' base works pretty well . I have to remember to open the Kodak software and turn on the camera before downloading all the photos to my PC . I bought some extra memory and that helps . It says on the screen that I can take 632 pictures at 5 megapixels , or over 1,500 at 1.8 megs . Maybe it 's right . I never take that many . It 's really a lot more camera than I 've ever had , or know how to use . The quality of the pictures is superb . It 's easy to use .
 I bought this camera in Sept. of 2004 and it has lived up to my expectations fully . I have not had any problems with it and I have used it a lot . It takes great pictures and is very easy to use . The battery life is super strong . My camera battery has never even come close to going dead on me , and i 've been out and about for hours taking lot 's of pictures at a time . As well as it being a 10x optical zoom -LRB- the real deal -RRB- it has a very nice 38-380mm zoom lens and also has two accessory lenses and three filters that can be purchased for it . I can not think of any cons about this camera , except that it would be about perfect if it had built in image stabilization or a cable release button . But to help counteract that , use a good tripod and make sure that your focus is locked . The more you practice with this camera the better the pictures you 'll take . And remember , with any camera you have to take a lot of pics to get the good ones . With digital it is so nice because you can instantly see how your pics are going to look . I am impressed with Kodak and I highly recommend the Kodak EasyShare DX7590 for anyone who wants a really nice digital camera at a very affordable price . Now is a great time to buy it too as the price has come down considerably from when I purchased mine.UPDATE 12-1-08 : I now have had this camera for 4 years . It is a great little camera , especially for the price . I 've taken hundreds of pictures with it and have had no problems . One thing though is that you have to make sure that your focus is locked in . Partially press the shutter button twice to lock it in . Make sure your lighting is also adequate . I stand by what I said 3 years ago and I highly recommend the DX7590 . Kodak cameras are really good little cameras .
 The Kodak DX7590 produces , as reviewed , fine quality auto point and shoot pictures . However , there are enough bells and whistles to learn from.Indoor color seems a bit off , but even that is not too bad.This is not for a pro , but is a great camera for the rest of us .
 This camera was an early Christmas present for my husband and myself . We absolutely love it and can not wait for our next grandbaby to be born in April because the close-ups are unbelievable ! The convenience of printing our own chosen prints at home is also a great bonus ! We recommend this Kodak camera to everyone !
 I bought this camera after months of research . The reviews helped me a lot to make my final decision . Bought this camera in April/2005 & took it on a trip to Monterrey in June . I 'm amazed how the pictures taken of the 17-mile-drive scenic spots in Pebble Beach turned out , they looked like they were taken by a professional , & I tell you , I 'm as amateur as they come :-RRB- The 10X optical zoom worked great , birds perched on huge rocks that looked like small specs with the naked eye came out very clear , considering that I did n't use a tripod and my hands were n't that steady at all . Most of my indoor pictures came out okay , a few were blurry since I may have not focused it correctly . The `` scenery '' mode of the camera is great , the landscape & scenery pictures turned out fantastic . Some shots that did n't turn out clear were those taken indoor where flash photography was not allowed -LRB- certain sections of the Monterrey Aquarium -RRB- . But some of my non-flash pictures turned out okay , it seems to work fine for subjects that had some backgound light . Have yet to learn the other camera features , I mostly used the auto mode to just point & shoot . I 'm quite satisfied with my purchase , it 's a very good buy !
 Let me begin by saying , I 'm not a professional . I take photos for fun and to record events in my life . However , with this camera , I have been able to take some amazing photographs that I 'm truly proud to show to friends.The zoom is phenomenal and was the reason that I upgraded from my previous camera that had only a 10x zoom . This zoom has allowed me to take great photos from spectator stands and at shows that would have looked ridiculous with a camera with a smaller zoom capacity.My favorite feature is the close-up feature which has allowed me take some stunning photos of my flowers and of birds roosting on my feeders . I 've consistantly found my photos to have vivid coloring and crisp details which is something my other cameras lacked.For the amateur that wants to take fantastic photos that makes your friends say , `` Wow ! '' this is a great camera . The only issue I 've had with the camera is taking photos of heavily lit situations at night such as Christmas light displays , etc. . No matter what setting I used , the photos still came out a bit unfocused.However , everything else is superb . A fantastic buy .
 Never having had a digital camera and having even less knowledge about how they work , I was very skeptical . My son actually picked this camera out for me , taking in the above problems.The camera and docking station are a breeze . I have learned how to use them much quicker than I would have thought . I also find new features to master.It is easy to use , compact and even a beginner can master it .
 I buy my camera to take picutre for the church i go to sofor the picture come out nice I realy like kodax Easy share
 Hi , I already own a camera just like this one and love it . Bought this one for my son , plan to buy one for my daughter later for her b-day . Only thing missing on this model is the stablization , but can do with out most of the time . It 's a great camera and I love using it . I get really great photos and can zoom up on the image alot and still get great quality !!!! I looked at the newer cameras , but I wanted a viewfinder to look through and some of the newer models do n't have a viewfinder , which drove me up the wall.Love this camera !!!!! A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I conducted several tests against Canon and Nikon lenses . I do n't know how or why but the Schneider KREUZNACH Varigon came out on top ! The low pixel count requires working-around , but no big deal .
 I live in a small town and am kind of the resident camera expert and have bought digital cameras online for about 25 people . I have owned this model of Kodak camera -LRB- twice , in fact - have now upgraded to a DSLR -RRB- and have bought it for about 5 of my friends . It is a great camera . It takes very sharp , clear outdoor photos with excruciating detail . It does a better job than most , indoors with a flash . Very vibrant colors . It 's quite fast and has good flash range and recharge time . It has 10x optical zoom which is n't stabilized , but I never had any problems with blurring , even at maximum zoom range -LRB- granted , I am quite good at holding a camera steady -RRB- . Kodak has one of the easiest to use menus in the business and this one is no exception . I am also a fan of the joystick design which makes navigating a `` joy '' . This camera is practically indestructible . It seems to be faster and takes better photos than the newer models that Kodak has put out lately -LRB- z712 , a612 -RRB- . I even liked this model better than the P850 which is supposed to be their professional model , but it is much heavier and does n't have anything on the dx7590 in the performance department . I keep recommending this one to people over and over again . I only held back one star because of the grainy lcd -LRB- the photos are never grainy - just the screen -RRB- and very slight amounts of softness in some images - which is very typical of Kodak . Overall , it 's one of the best cameras I 've owned - and I 've tried almost every brand and model out there.It 's interesting to me how a camera company can get some models right and others are not so good . This one was a winner .
 There are a couple of `` minor '' quirks of this camera but let me say first that it 's one of the best 5mp `` near-SLR '' DCs on the market.First quirk
 Fantastic ! -LSB- ... -RSB- perfect way to describe this camera . Easy to use , terrific quality . I would highly recommend the camera .
 After looking for 2 years , reading countless reviews , I purchased the DX7590 with dock and paired it with the Canon IP4000 printer . I am a novice in photography and this was my first digital camera . With little more than intuition and occasional referencing of the manual I was shooting great shots within an hour of opening the box . The 10X zoom is great alowing me to fill the picture with the subject of the shot . Download from the dock is simply a press of one button and wham the computer receives all the images . The pictures print out looking like they just came from the photo lab . Do n't forget to get a SD card because the camera wo n't hold many shots . I mostly shoot and print 4x6 shots and even when cropping shots there was no loss of picture quality . I would highly recommend this camera to all beginner and intermediate users .
 You can charge the camera 's batteries disconecting the cable from the DOC . It 's easy to use , and you can save some `` basic '' videos with sound . As a camera is excellent , the prints are excellent also when you print in large size .
 the camera is great my only complain is that I would like to be a little smaller .
 If you are a professional of course you are not going to be purchasing a camera in this price range , but if you are a beginner to a amateur you can not do much better for the price . This camera has so many options it is almost impossible to take a bad picture if used correctly . It does lack a Manual Focus , but the options make up for it , so much that it really does n't need a manual focus . It does all the work for you if you let it . I do wish it came with a carring case , but that is a minor issue . You will not be disappointed with this purchase unless you are a professional and have over expectations of it .
 this camera rocks ! it really outdoes most of the competition , and when you include the low price and other features , there are no real competitors . kodak offers a 10x zoom and has 5 megapixels for super sharpness , even if you decide to enlarge the picture . also , the camera can grow with you as there are wide angle , telephoto and close-up lenses available through amazon . for quick prints , there is also a nifty printer that prints a 4x6 picture in under 2 minutes -LRB- also available through amazon -RRB- . the quality of the print is like a local shop , and the printing method , which uses a protective coating , makes sure the colors last forever -LRB- ink-jet printers can run/fade -RRB- . as an option , local photo shops can print your pictures from the camera.in sum : -- the price is great , especially for 5 megapixels . -- kodak is the number one brand for digital cameras . they will be around to supply the camera/your photographic needs . kodak is a trusted u.s. company while some others may not be around in ten years . -- it 's easy to use -LRB- no computer necessary -RRB- . but if you have a computer , the camera/printing dock can e-mail photos . -- the camera has a 10x optical zoom -- super sharp pictures with great color of the kids/nature from far away.some others offer similar features , but nobody has the whole package at this price . a home run !
 I 've owned this camera for several months now , and overall , I am quite happy with it . It is very simple to use . It has plenty of features and enough options to satisfy just about anyone , but is easy enough for a beginner to master . The video mode is convenient , as well , and I use it in addition to my iBook to make wonderful DVDs.This camera really shines in outdoor settings , especially in bright sunlight . The colors are vivid and crisp . The closeup mode is especially nice , and you will get well-focused images just about every time . My one complaint is that the camera dos not perform as well as it could in low light settings . I often photograph bands in venues that are not especially well lit , and I sometimes have trouble getting decent shots without resorting to using the flash . Other cameras I have used have handled these low light situations more effectively.However , this camera is a very good value and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a high performance , versatile camera without shelling out the cash for a digital SLR . It will serve you well .
 I wanted to wait a couple of years before buying a digital camera where I would get the benefits of price reduction , features , value , and better than average -LRB- over 3.2 mp -RRB- MP quality.So my first digital was the Kodak DX6490 . I found the Kodak DX6490 very easy to use , and packed with features I would use , such as the MPG recording -LRB- limited to the size of your external SD card -RRB- , which allows you to email clips -LRB- very cool !! -RRB- . Then before you know it , less than 6 months later Kodak comes out with the DX7590.The first thing I like about it over the DX6490 is the turn switch . It 's much more smooth and does n't need to have too much pressure applied to it . I found myself skipping the setting I wanted on the DX6490 dial because of the amount of pressure I had to apply . It also features nearly a dozen more scene modes!Other things I like about it are the internal memory capacity of 32MB , which has doubled over the DX6490 's 16mb internal memory size - and the extra mega pixel move from 4.0 on the DX6490 to 5.0 on the DX7590.I have n't found on any other digital cameras in the 5.1 MP range . Good battery life , excellent picture quality outdoors , compact and fun to use , cool design , large 2.2 '' LCD display -LRB- ca n't find that on most digital cameras -RRB- , good software , 10x optical zoom , and as I mentioned before it records video clips.Battery life has been excellent and I would take quite a bit of pictures -LRB- 75-120 pics at times -RRB- between docking the camera again . However , there is no recharger aside the base -LRB- docking station -RRB- the camera comes with . So , if you plan on going on vacation , you 'll need to take it with you -LRB- power cord , base , and the USB if you 're going to want to transfer your pictures to a computer -RRB- . Manually controllable `` EasyShare '' is kind of an oxymoron . Generally , its feature set is useful , but it has some annoying gaps.Transferring pictures via the docking station works seamlessly , however there are a few annoyances such as the wait period for the card to be read on the memory card . Getting the Ultra SD card will solve that problem.Convenient external controls provide quick and easy access to frequently used functions , such as the self-timer and the continuous-shooting mode . When you enter a mode , the camera briefly explains it on the LCD.Overall it is a good 1st time camera , and I give it a 9 out of 10 rating . It could be a 10 , but I think that would push it into the $ 699 price range . You can buy this unit for about $ 300 at most retailers . Costco wholesale warehouse was selling it for $ 349.99 with the dock . Prices continue to drop as the technology improves . This used to cost close to $ 500 ! -LSB- ... -RSB- . Megazoom maniacs will over it because of the super zoom . Great camera and it takes wonderful pictures . Not to mention the Schneider Kreuznach lens.For a more thorough description you can look it up on CNET .
 The Kodak EasyShare DX7590 is truly a very nice camera . This is my first digital camera and I was somewhat hesitant about what kind of digital camera to purchase . However , after a lot of research and reviews , I decided on the DX7590 , because for me , it is a middle of the road type of digital camera . It is has enough pixels -LRB- 5MP -RRB- to take great pictures , as well as a zoom -LRB- 10x -RRB- that will allow me to capture moments from a distance . Basically , the DX7590 allows me to take quality photos , even when I am not trying . I purchased the extra memory , the 512 MG card , and I am able to take up to 315 shots.The camera dock is very nice and although I purchased the printer dock plus , I usually leave the camera sitting on the camera dock to charge . It 's small and convenient , that I have it sitting on my dresser corner ... it 's definitely a space saver . I would also recommend purchasing the Kodak Printer Dock Plus . So far , with the pictures I have printed , I have been very satisfied . No jams , no lines , no bends ... just good quality photos . I would n't recommend however if a person has a lot of pictures to print to use the photo printer , it would probably be more beneficial to print them through an online retailer or take it to store as CVS or Target to print them out . But for a few prints here and there , it 's a great in home system.The two together , with me ... makes a great team for photography ... you can be the same !
 Perhaps I should n't even be writing a review yet . I bought the camera in December '04 and we just got around to installing the dock . A new USB hub for my elderly puter - plus a better surge protector to guard all the add-ons had to be attended to first . So . We installed it just 4 days ago and I have been taking comparison shots with my old digital camera and experimental shots to get the feel of it . I am impressed . -LRB- I have to take into account the fact that this camera - including dock here at Amazon - cost about $ 100 more than my old Olympus -RRB- . One of the things I was most interested in was the more powerful optical zoom - 10X optical zoom vs. the old 3X . It 's truly amazing.Another difference I noted is that when shooting through a window screen using the zoom at max - the old camera focussed on the screen - so its texture was the most prominent thing . The Kodak focussed on the distant scene with no suggestion of the screen.The lens is far superior to that of the older camera . There appears to be more depth of field . The images need less sharpening and the colors need less adjusting . The latter - I believe - is not a lens function but I 'm discussing image quality.I 'm finding the dock - which I was uncertain about - to be a very valuable accessory . It makes downloading much easier and faster . It fits neatly in a corner of the desk and does not take up much room . The camera lives there , happily keeping itself charged.I 'm glad I bought this camera and I 'm glad Kodak , headquartered in nearby Rochester NY , has come up with a winner in its line of digital cameras .
 This is my second Kodak digital camera and I still Love taking those Kodak Moments !! I 'm not a professional , I just love capturing those fun moments to share with a photo , email or CD to play on our dvd !! This camera has so many features , but what I like best is the way it makes my photos look so good !! The Auto feature is my buddie and we take great photos together . As I learn more about this camera I will be trying all the features . I had a 2x zoom before and this 10x zoom is the greatest thing since sliced bread !! It needs a steady hand and I was impressed at how well the photos were without a tripod !! I Love this Camera and am very happy with my photos ... I 'm not a pro just a very happy shutterbug !! I 've taken two 512mg cards of photos and mini movies and not a problem !! Great Camera !!
 I purchased this camera through Amazon.com and have been using it for about two weeks now . The camera is easy to operate and the pictures are excellent . The 10X zoom is one of the few zooms that remain clear and focused when at 10X . Would recommend for the new as well as the experienced photographer .
 My husband bought me this camera for Christmas , and I though to myself I will never figure out how to use this !! Was I wrong !! It is SO easy to use ! It is lightweight and compact enough to take anywhere . And not to mention , the quality of the pictures is awesome !! It takes much better pictures than my old 35mm camera . I definetly recommend this camera , it is well worth every penny .
 I 'd like to purchase the DX7590 . However , I 'll be moving abroad -LRB- am writing from the US -RRB- to a country that uses 220 volts . Since I 've never owned any Kodak digital cameras , I 'd like to know if the EasyShare Dock 6000 will work abroad . If it 's just a matter of plugging it in to a USB port for it to work instead of plugging it in to an electrical outlet , I think I 'll be okay purchasing it.I would also like to purchase the Kodak Li-Ion Rapid Battery Charger Kit . I 'm assuming that since it comes with different country adapters , I will be able to recharge the battery wherever country I may be . Is it supposed to automatically sense whether it 's 110 or 220 volts?Thanks in advance for any replies .
 Hi ... I own the previous model -LRB- DX 6490 -RRB- which I purchased in May 2004 . I 'm very happy with it . . pity I ca n't replace it now with the latest model . . but that 's the price of ` obsolescence . ' As to the two questions from recent buyers of the 7590 - # 1 - I have had no problem with the rubber covers coming off . They are well-secured and I do n't see that as an issue . Thus far , I have had no need for any repairs . # 2 - on the battery charger set with the various voltages
 I purchased this camera in October 2004 and have been using it now for 16 months . I have to say that I am thoroughly pleased with this product . I am a professional graphic designer , and I have used it to take photos that wound up being used in printed national magazines . Everything good about this camera has probably already been said in the other reviews -LRB- excellent picture quality , long battery life , good software support , etc. -RRB- . My only complaint would be that there are times when it asks for the flash to be popped up -LRB- it 's not automatic -RRB- in scenerios when I would have thought there was enough light . Also , if you 've owned this camera since it 's early introduction , make sure you get the downloadable firmware update from Kodak 's web site -- it fixed some issues I experienced earlier with focusing in indoor photos.UPDATE
 I love taking black and white pictures and this camera does it for me . I 'm still playing with the sepia , practice makes perfect . The zoom is awesome . I 'm outdoors alot and enjoy taking nature pictures . I enjoy experimenting with different shots with this camera . Recommend buying a large memory card if you 're shutterbug and an extra battery .
 This is the 3rd digital camera I have purchased , but it is the first one I purchased for myself . The first digital I bought was a Minolta Dimage 7 for my daughter , which I was very disappointed with . The picture quality was very poor for a $ 700 camera . The only thing I liked about it was the zoom ability of the 7x lens.Well , technology sure has come a long way since then . The new Kodak is about half the size of the Minolta with 3x more telephoto capacity and more than twice the resolution . And I love it . And it was much cheaper.The main reason for choosing this camera was the large lens on a fairly small camera . And I was not disappointed . But I am also impressed with Kodak 's ease of operation . When I get a new toy , I sometimes become very impatient when learning how to use it . I found this camera to be very easy to learn how to do everything it does . I also got the printer dock , which I think is fabulous . I originally did n't want the dock , since my younger daughter already has an HP photo printer that can print from the SD card . But I am glad I did . It is nice to be able to just set the camera on top of the printer and instantly do anything you need to do with the pictures you take . It is simple to both print pictures and also to load them onto your computer , all while the battery is charging . Both the other digital cameras I bought required removal of the batteries to charge them . What a hassle!I have only had this camera for a couple of weeks , but already have taken hundreds of pictures . I have only had focus problems on a very few shots , and I chalked that up to inexperience . The shots that were out of focus were because it focused on something other than the main subject of the picture . I just need to make sure that I am focusing on what I want to be the subject before taking the picture . So I was surprised to read about focus problems from other reviewers . I guess I really have n't taken many low-light pictures , yet . Actually , the problem I have had is in bright sunlight where it is difficult to see the screen display so you ca n't see the focus brackets . I solved that problem by using the viewfinder when in bright sunlight.So I would recommend this camera for the follow reasons :1 . Great telephoto lens2 . Long lasting battery that charges in the camera .3 . Ease of use .4 . Printer dock allows printing , downloading , and battery charging in one package .
 We bought this camera November 2004 after reading several reviews . The zoom is awesome ! The sales woman at CompUSA tried to tell me that I would n't want this much zoom since my children are young and not into sports yet . I 'm soooo glad I disregarded her advice . I have used the zoom numerous times . This camera takes excellent pictures , especially outdoors . I have had several compliments on the prints from other photographers . Also the battery is amazing ! I have had to recharge the battery 2 times since getting it 6 months ago and I have taken hundreds of pictures . We also love the extra features and the fact that the camera tells you what each button does -LRB- so you do n't have to memorize the instuction manual -RRB- . We highly recommend the Kodak brand ! I have n't totally figured out the manual settings on it yet . That 's the only draw back I 've had -LRB- no artsie fartsie stuff -RRB- . But you can pretty much do that kind of stuff with a good Photoshop program anyway . All in all great camera !
 While it seemed that everyone we know had digital cameras , my husband and I were still using our `` Jurassic '' manual camera . I guess our main issue was none of the photos produced by our friends ' digital cameras seemed good enough once printed on paper . Anyway , one of my colleagues at work bought the DX7590 and took plenty of photos while she was overseas . Lo and behold , she showed me the printouts and I was impressed ! So off I went shopping and after comparing it with three other cameras , I thought the price was very reasonable . It features 5.0 megapixels , 10x optical zoom , and alternative movie-mode with sound - whereas other brands with similar features are a lot more expensive -LRB- I 've looked at Canon and Konica -RRB- . I 've been fiddling with this for a while now and considering I 'm a novice , I find that this is very user-friendly . I still need to learn a few more tricks but here 's what I found so far : Pros : * High picture quality . The colors and image are vivid and sharp . * Ultra zoom is great * Lightweight * Controls are easy to use * Really excellent for daylight and outdoor photography * Built-in instruction that briefly tells you what each button is for * Video mode is a bonus ; just do n't expect it to be of the same quality as a proper digital video cam * Battery life is very goodCons : * The lack of manual focus ; I sometimes struggle with the auto focus * Indoor photography and low light might be a bit of a problem * No carry case -LRB- at least not here in Australia -RRB- All things considered , this novice thinks this is a really great camera that 's a real value for money . It might not be suitable if you 're after a pocket camera though . Also , make sure you get at least a 256MB SD card , as the internal memory does n't hold many photos.Highly recommended !
 Ok lets face it , this is not a high end pro camera.However for the price it 's quality plus features and accessories would be hard to beat!I had an 8x10 print made from a 5mp w / fine res . setting -LRB- CVS Kodak Kiosk -RRB- printed , and was very pleasantly surprized at the exellent quality obtained.Untill the megapixels become standard at 25 to 30mp -LRB- equiv . to 35mm film on a pro camera lens combo with fine grain film -RRB- , and the prices are in this price range , I dont plan to upgrade.So for the next couple or few years -LRB- should the camera last that long -RRB- this model will serve me as a convienient snapshooter.I do reccommend also purchasing the 55mm filter adapter for this camera , it will provide many options as well as protect the lens.This camera I find better suited for outdoor shots than indoor , the built in flash is not very strong -LRB- I use an external flash with flash bracket -RRB- and the camera does not have low light assist to aide in autofocus . The settings you use will greatly affect your result as with most digital cameras.Overall - a lot of bang for the buck -LRB- well worth the price -RRB- .
 First of all let me say I am very satisfied with the performance of this camera . Since the other reviews do a very good job of describing the pros/cons of the functionality of the camera I just wanted to add two pieces of information regarding the available accessories :1 . There 's no car adapter . Yes , that means , heaven forbid , if you 'd like to go on a longer trip without having access to a wall outlet you had better conserve the battery or buy multiple batteries . Take a road trip ? Go camping for a few days ? Now who would have ever thought people would want to take a bunch of pictures on such occaisions .2 . The ` AC adapter ' does n't charge the battery . There are two options to charging your battery
 only problem , focus is not that great in dark setting , otherwise , a great digital camera
 I put my name on the waiting list and got one of the fist when they started selling them . I have never been disappointed . I take lots of wildlife and scenery . You can use the different setting for all conditions and the color is great . The snow setting has given me some great pictures as has the macro for wild flowers . I have had other digital cameras and the Kodak DX7590 beats them all in its price range .
 I used these as passive radiators for a home built project . They come with a mounting machine screw so you can attach weights to the cone to dial your setup in more precisely , and the construction seems good.I used these passive radiators to a different model of subwoofer than these were designed to be used with , but the sound quality is still good , so unless you are very picky , these can be used with woofers other than Dayton.Good construction , good price , clean look ... good enough for me to give them 5 stars .
 My favorite pair of speakers is an old set of Fishers that I found on the street the night before garbage collection . They were the best speakers I ever had . After many years , the passive radiators just dried out and fell apart . I used these as replacements , and they sound just fine . Yes , I tested them out with `` Who 's Next '' and `` Sticky Fingers . '' They sound just fine.I actually called the company directly to ask a few questions ; the person at the phone was knowledgeable and assured me that there is a no-hassle return policy . I 'd buy from them in a flash .
 The right product at the right price . Delivered quickly and without damage . I will order again .
 The main reason I bought this radio because of it 's ability to play MP3 's from a memory stick . . I can take the radio anywhere and plug in a USB memory stick and have hours of uninterrupted music that I want to hear , crisp & clear . The radio is not so great and has a hard time picking up even the closest stations , but with a CD player that plays MP3 's & the memory card player , who needs it !
 It can do so many things ! I thought this was a space boombox from the future when I first got it . It is so cool .
 Performs well , as advertised . Have not had the opportunity to run on batteries yet , so no comment . It has one very annoying feature - I like to listen to old radio serials while going to sleep , but the LED is so bright , it lights up the entire bedroom . If they could employ a light sensor , like so many clock radios use , it would be a perfect device .
 easy to use good sound will only read 2gb or smaller sd cards but will read any size usb can play mp3 player through usb or aux inputlove the fact that you can select random play
 I bought this radio for work . I can only play the radio at low volume so this radio is perfect . I absolutely love the card reader even though it will only take cards up to 2Gb about 240 songs . If you 're going to buy this radio do n't expect booming sound ; it is a radio for small spaces , and for this task it does it exceedingly well . I bought a pair of decent headphones and when plugged into this radio the sound is big and clear.I recommend this radio for anyone who wants to listen to music and not bother other people . It does n't boom . It does n't fill a concert hall with music . What it does is play music -LRB- or news or whatever -RRB- using a myriad of different media which is really convenient . A neat little radio for a good price .
 ... because I 've been wanting a boombox with a radio that can play mp3 CD-Rs & CD-RWs , SD cards and hook up to my mp3 player . The sound is as you would expect from a product at this price.The only things I would tweak is to make the display show artist , song and album titles . Currently , it only shows the track number . And , how about an alarm clock?So JWin , I 'm sending telepathic messages to you ...
 I am very pleased with Amazon by sending me this unit at a very goodprice , I really enjoy this little boombox , it has everything you mightbe looking for
 This thing works flawlessly . SD cards are dirt cheap and play faster than CD 's . The MP3 CD function play better than any I have used and the USB plays thumbdrives but at a slower loading pace .
 I have searched high and low for a self-contained `` boombox '' that reads memory cards and the Jwin Jxcd561 is it . This unit also includes an USB port for jump drives . The audio output is n't bad for a small unit but do n't expect it to sound like the larger boomboxes .
 I bought a Nikon D50 after comparing the quality to the D70 . The D50 though uses a SD card instead of the Compact Flash card - mostly for making the D50 smaller and lighter than the D70 . Anyhow , I still wanted a Coolwalker ... as I 'm going to be using the Nikon Raw Format most of the time ... for you newbies that 's an uncompressed file -LRB- the D70 compresses RAW - weird -RRB- that 's about 4 times larger than a 3008x2000 Jpeg . The Coolwalker has 30 Gig of space ... so I treat it like a junk drive with a view screen . THe kicker was that the D50 DOES N'T use the Compact Flash Card - and that 's the only thing the Coolwalker uses . So I found the `` Archos '' brand -LRB- google it -RRB- 4-1 CF adapter . Another writer in this column did n't specify which name brand he bought ... but the Archos is what you want . It works GREAT in my coolwalker . I use it EXACTLY as specified in the Coolwalker directions ... inserting the card WITH the SD card already in the CFA into the Coolwalker BEFORE powering the Coolwalker up . It works GREAT . I might say that I `` DO '' follow the Coolwalker instructions and ONLY USE an approved SD Card . That might be the problem the other writer mentions when talking about a CFA . With it 's big colorful screen and 30 GIG drive it 's ALOT cheaper than buying 30 GIG worth of SD or CF cards ! It 's a no brainer .
 I got mine today - very nice . Reads a 4 GB Microdive quickly . Great display , far better than the FlashTrax . Transferred all my photos to it , have room to spare . Direct printing is a plus!Glad I bought it . /
 First of all , I love this when used with my Nikon Coolpix 880 , which uses a CF card . However , God help us , my wife has a Kodak EasyShare camera which uses an SD card.Reading the description , I see that `` It 's also compatible with CompactFlash and Microdrive and can be combined with a CF adapter to enable use of SD cards too . '' . So , no problemo , eh ?? Not so fast !! First of all , I could n't find a CF Adapter anywhere on Amazon . The way they throw out the above sentence , almost as an afterthought , had me thinking these cards would be easy to find.After an hour Googling `` CF adapter '' I found a `` 4-in-1 adapter '' that supposedly lets you plug in an SD card into this thing . Well , physically this does work , but crashes the Coolwalker if it is powered up with the card in place . IF you insert the card into the powered-up CoolWalker -LRB- something I 'm not all that comfortable with doing on a regular basis ! -RRB- it will transfer the photos on the SD to the CoolWalker.These files will NOT PLAY on the Coolwalker , but I 've found that they will transfer to my computer , apparently none the worse for wear , and will display there.I guess this does n't make me feel all that comfortable with this whole system as my wife and I get ready to take an anniversary cruise this fall , with her EasyShare in tow.It does work with the Nikon CF card , but I 'd be leery of compatiblity with other systems.Jim
 It does its job.I shoot with SD cards . I had to find a CF adapter before I could use it -LRB- Ebay - SD cards slips into CF jacket and both slide into Coolwalker -RRB- . I have used the Coolwalker to upload and download images -LRB- and other computer files -RRB- on both my Macbook Pro and my PC . I use it for transferring all sorts of data between the 2 machines , like a glorified usb drive :-RRB- I have used it on all my trips and it is so much cheaper than buying 60 gigs of SD cards ! I 've never had any files corrupted or lost and for the sake of on-site backup I 've never been disappointed . I 've had it for about 6 months and have not had any difficulties the other reviewers mention , knock on wood.This device would be really cool if you could do more - edit , rename , etc. . I 've used it to browse pictures on TV , looks great but takes forever -LRB- compared to camera to TV -RRB- to process from 1 raw photo to the next . The upload from the sd card also take a while - over 20 minutes for 2 gigs . That part is a bit painful , I do it at the end of the day when my camera is charging . The battery does n't last long but if outlets are plentiful ... All those aforementioned negatives aside when it comes down to it I just want to be able to - see - the shot has been stored . That the Coolwalker does fine.I recently received a 60 gig ipod and think that I will still bring the CoolWalker along for all my photos . I like the Nikon Camera download to Nikon storage , even if it is n't as cool as the ipod nor does it have as many bells and whistles as some other photo viewers , but then again , as far as the most important issue - data storage - I 've never been let down .
 The Nikon Coolwalker is the only way I have found to view Nikon 's NEF raw files in a portable device . The Coolwalker works very well as a viewing device and storage device with one notable exception ... it can deplete it 's charged battery very quickly . If you buy a Coolwalker , you should consider spending the money in a spare battery right off . Downloading a couple of cards will take awhile and you will need the second battery to get through the day . Hopefully , any update to the Coolwalker will include a more readily available battery , less power consumption and a larger screen . I am happy with the Coolwalker but I could be happier .
 The main reason for choosing this unit among the many existing in the market was its reiability . It has many good points , it is simple to use , needs just on buttom to transfer all the images contained in the card , the speed is not its strongest point but works fine enough . The menu is simple and straightforward with absolute clear instructions . The weak point is its software . It presents a rigid date based folder system which can not be changed to suit different tastes . It has to be organized after the transfer has been made . A second fault I find is that it does not work with Nikon transfer application and files have to be transferred to the PC using normal copy instructions . For its role as a small substitute of the laptop I have been using till now , it works perfectly as a primary portable storing device . Now it fits into my photo bag when travelling which is quite the advantage I have been looking for .
 I find this case to be a nice way to carry cd 's while traveling . My husband is the navigator and dj on our trips and he enjoys this case better than the suitcase type because it is up out of the way of his feet and we put the titles on the edge in marker so that we can read what each cd is and do n't have to pull out each one to tell what album it is .
 I 'd used this adapter with my Canon SX30IS to place polaraized , coloraized and neutral filter of 58mm , 'cause I like big filters better . I 'd to zoom a little to get rid of the black corner , but is perfect after that .
 The discman I bought is in great condition , it plays CDs well , and has great sound . The only issue I have with it is that batteries do n't last very long in it ; I 've had batteries die after playing up to four CDs in it , as opposed to players that would play up to 15 CDs before the batteries died .
 i just receive this disc man and i was abit worry from the reviews , but really its awesome and especially if u got a nice headphones for it dont depend on one that came with it , if u add a good headphones u will have a great sound really , , good product expected from sony
 Design
 This Motorola 850GP Wireless Card is a wonderful companion for the Motorola 850GP Broadband Wireless Router . As Motorola says on their website : `` Wireless PCI Adapter WPCI810GP - PERFORMANCE ENHANCEDWith Motorola 's WPCI810GP Wireless PCI Adapter , desktop computers can quickly join a wireless home or small office network . This easy-to-use device eliminates the hassles of traditional networking - no more drilling holes and running wires to get network access . This space-saving device inserts into your computer 's available PCI slot and delivers a continuous , wireless network connection.Once connected , you can share a single broadband connection with everyone else on the network . And that 's just the beginning . You can also share files , pictures , peripherals , printers and more . You 'll need one for each desktop.With built-in Performance Enhancement technology , the WPCI810GP gives you an extra boost to make the most of your wireless network . Just match it with Performance Enhanced base stations and enjoy sharing information across your network up to 35 % faster than with traditional 802.11 g solutions . `` After recently purchasing a 850GP Card and corresponding 850GP Router for my husband 's laptop setup , I was so impressed with their performance that I decided to buy this Motorola wireless card to put into our desktop computer too ... thus eliminating the need for it to sit right next to our broadband cable and printer -LRB- not to mention the ability for the laptop and desktop to share files without even being in the same room -RRB- . Overall , very high-quality products from Motorola and great Customer Service too .
 This Rain cover is great for taking picutre in the rain , if you have a 300mm L or larger . It works best with a monopod or tripod . It is weather-proof , and keeps out even a heavy rain .
 Bought this for my wife for a when she went down to assist in the Hurricane Katrina cleanup in Sept. of 2005 . Everyone in the family loves this camera . It is small , lightweight , takes very nice pictures and has a huge screen . The battery lasts much longer than many digital cameras I have used.It is not a pro camera , but it does n't cost what a pro camera costs!Actually , we may buy a second one !
 This camera is so good thet in my family 5 member have already bought one
 I have owned this camera now for 1 week and it 's amazing !! The 2.5 '' screen makes life ever so simple and the picture quality is first rate.I am atrue amateur yet this camera set at `` auto '' does it all and every photo looks top quality.I like the protection given to the screen and lens when the camera is in the stored made .
 Olympus IR-500 4MP Digital Solutions Camera with 2.8 x Optical Zoom -LRB- Includes Docking Station -RRB- When this camera first came out , I was tempted to buy it . Since I already have a Fuji Finepix M603 , I recommended the Olympus IR-500 to a few of my friends when J&R . com ; sold it , brand new for a mere $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ; I wished I bought it then . After over a year I finally decided to purchase one but , it 's nowhere to be found . I did a hard search on the WWW and checked eBay and Craig 's List regularly until I finally found one for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- brand new . I waited because I refused to pay for it over priced.The IR-500 is a compact 4 megapixel camera that does the job really well . The large 2.5 '' LCD swivels 360 to the front , it 's screen protected when not in use . Because of it 's Transformer-like quality it never fails to get a `` cool '' comment from people who 've seen me use it . It compliments well with my white iPod and iMac.The IR-500 , the same with my Olympus C-211 Zoom with a built-in printer which by the way is still in a very good working condition , is fun to use . Next on my list , either the Sony Cybershot DSC-G1 or the Canon TX1 . I ca n't wait .
 I got this camera for my 18th birthday , last year . Since then I have taken over 3000 pictures with this camera . The video quality is alright , and can be difficult when making movies , but it is a camera , not a VIDEO camera . I was able to make a documentary video with this camera , but it was rather difficult once on the computer . I mostly edited the content on the camera . Such a nice feature!The indoor does take a while to actually take the picture . For faster shutter times , hold the button half way down , until a green circle shows on the screen , then snap the shot . That use is better if you are waiting for something to happen . Everything else is great ! The firework selection does awesome artwork with different light-styles . I am ever-finding new things to do with the camera . It has been to camps and back , it has been to disneyland , and even horseback riding . The camera is n't small , but it is small enough to put in a pocket and sneak into Grad-Night ! The self-portrait selection goes over really well with teenagers today . An upgraded memory card is suggested.Overall , this camera is the best I 've seen out there . Great quality , HUGE LCD , and so many functions it is easy to get lost in the camera . :--RRB- I love the calendar feature
 El sondo original exclente y super compatible , ademas de ser Creative ed la vija generacion se mantiene my bien para estos nuevos sistemasThe original sound excellent and super compatible , besides being the Vija Creative ed my generation is maintained well for these new systems
 I DIDNT KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN I FIRST PURCHASED THIS AUDIO CARD AFTER READING THE PREVIOUS REVIEWS.SO WITHOUT DELAY I EASILY PLACED THIS CARD IN THE PCI SLOT OF MY COMP.FIRED IT UP , INSTALLED THE DRIVER I HAD FOUND ON CREATIVE WEBSITE , WORKED FLAWLESSLY , WITHOUT A HITCH.THIS CARD SOUNDS AMAZING ATTACHED TO A YAMAHA AMPLIFIER WITH FLOATING 24 BIT DAC.SURROUND IS PRECISE AND THE QUALITY IS SECOND TO NONE.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CARD TO ALL THOSE WHO WANT AN EASY INSTALLED , WORRY FREE UPGRADE INSTEAD OF THEIR ONBOARD AUDIO .
 We bought this for our trip to Europe . It has been unbelievable . We have been in the busiest cities and the smallest towns and it gets us everywhere . In Nottingham it got a little confused but so is everyone else ! Also , in Baden-Baden it got us up a mountain , convinced that we were almost at our hotel . In fact , we were a block or so away but after 3 kilometers in a tunnel , we forgave `` Hazel '' for her missteps . Highly recommended for these crazy English back roads . The MP3 , bluetooth and other features make it a killer unit .
 Superb GPS - better than the ones I have in my cars . I bought it because I travel a great deal and want to get around the cities I am in without a problem . I also need U.S. and European directions . I found it intuitive and especially liked the capability of finding lodging , gas stations and restaurants in places I was n't familiar with .
 This was my second GPS in two weeks . The first one , a Gamin that was far cheaper , seemed out of date . I sold that one to my kid sis and bought this one . The radio function does not work brilliantly but everything else does . It gets me out of traffic jams regularly in the NY metropolitan region . Its true test was a Friday before Memorial Day weekend and I was home in less than an hour ! I was on roads I had never taken but it worked and worked better than I expected ! A few times it has taken me down a ramp only to take me back up the next one but I think they all do that on occasion . I also used it in Europe briefly and it worked great there too !
 I purchased the Garmin nuvi 670 GPS mainly for a trip I am taking to Europe this fall . However , I have used it on domestic travel , and my brother used it extensively while he came to visit me . The user interface is done really well . While I did read the manual , I figured out most of the functions without it . The screen is great , and the visual cues are very good . I am not sure white California has some stupid law that prevent me from using the windshield mount , but that is just as well . It only takes a minute amount of dirt on the suction cup to prevent it from sticking . The bean-bag dash mount is much better . Now from my only real gripe - The routing software makes some really dumb decisions . In the SF bay area , it constantly has you exit the freeway , just to get back on again . The just about drove my brother crazy . On the other had , without the GPS , he would have been hopelessly lost . It always got him to his destination , and even routed him around bad traffic.The maps are not always up to date . The new car rental facility in Baltimore is not on the map . The POI feature also steered me towards a restaurant that was not there , it was an empty parking lot . I 'll see how it does this fall in Europe . In short , It does a get you where you are going . The user interface is great , and the built in speaker is very good .
 I used it in England recently , it took me to my destination without getting me lost I am not sure it was the quickest or shortest route . I went to destinations I have done many times before , it clearly took me a different way , occasionally thru a lot of small country roads . What I found amazing , was that it warned you every time there was a speed camera and the speed limit , which is very helpful.the MP3 player is pretty descent.The blue tooth quality of sound was poor.Could not find list of airports which would be helpful , like the VZ blackberry phone GPS has .
 I purchased this unit specifically to use in Italy and France . I drove from Rome to Venice then used it in pedestrian or taxi mode while in France . Overall the system was extremely useful and worth the investment . -LRB- I did notice that taxi drivers exclusively used the TomTom but not sure which model -RRB- . The GPS was helpful when taking taxis because it eliminated communication barriers . It was easy to attach to the rental car and convenient to carry and use while walking.There are a few drawbacks
 We bought the Garmin to use here in N.A. as well as in Europe . It worked well beyond my expectation during our recent trip to Sonoma , Napa , and San Fransisco . Rarely did it fail to guide us in the right direction . We could go to places after dark and return with no concern through roads we were not familiar with . We were pleased with our decision to get the 4.3 inch screen . The suction cup stuck to to our rental Prius ' windshield so well that I was able to use the touch screen without any problem . I was unable to play the music tracks I copied to the unit hoping it would function like an MP3 . If the pre-loaded maps for Spain work just as well when we 're there next week , this Garmin will qualify as one of my better purchases . Otherwise I 'll write a brief update after our trip to tell you what went wrong ... Well , we 're back from Spain . Here is a summary of our experience with the Garmin : It navigated us from Madrid to Segovia with no difficulty but got completely confused in Segovia to find our hotel . As we drove from Segovia to Toledo , the Garmin was lost again due to the many new roads/highways . It had no idea where the new section of the highway A42 was and failed miserably to take us to A4 . Once we managed to get on A4 it guided us to Granada with no problem . Remarkably , it did a wondeful job in taking us through the very narrow streets of the old town Albayzin all the way to our hotel . The Garmin had no idea about some addresses , roads , highways etc. while in general it new exactly where we were . I suspect the reason was that it was not pre-loaded with the most up to date information . Since I purchased the unit in May it should have been current . I have to reduce my rating to 3.5 stars .
 I purchased the Garmin Nuvi 670 for a trip to Ireland where it worked very well . The only complaint I have about the Garmin is that the battery does n't hold a charge for very long and fails before the meter says that it is drained . Despite the battery , I found the Garmin brand to be the best GPS on the market .
 I purchased the nuvi 670 prior to travelling to Sweden and Ireland on vacation . After driving through the small streets of Ireland I 'm a believer in this product.Ireland has been updating their freeways , so the device showed I was off-roading . I 've seen this `` feature '' in other GPS products , so it is n't just a Garmin issue.The size/portability , user interface , and intuitive design of the product were perfect.Now that I 'm back in the US , I use the product to listen to books from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Another great use for the product , since the large screen is superior to my previous listening device.The only negatives are the windshield mount and the Blue Tooth link to the BlackBerry . The windshield mount is a terrible design . It takes a while to find a flat surface that it will stick to . That 's difficult to find on a mini-cooper windshield . I have n't been successful linking to the BlackBerry , but I have n't spent that much time . The devices do n't see each other.Would I buy it again - Yes .
 I spent a lot of time looking at different brands and decided the 670 had the most features and flexibility for the money . I previously had a Magellan and I like the Nuvi better . The screen is large and bright . The voice is clear and the mounting device is much better than the Magellan . The best feature is the ability and ease of using the points of interest . We just drove cross country and relied on the Nuvi for motels , restaurants , gas and many points of interest for sight seeing . I wish it showed the elevation and displayed how much time to the destination in lieu of what time you are to arrive ; that was a bit confusing as we went through several time zone changes . However , that is just a nit pic . I also think Garmin should be able to equip these devices with an atomic clock similar to a cell phone so the time zones change automatically . We had to rely on the cell phone for the correct time when we were in the areas of question and then reset the Nuvi .
 I have been a longtime user of Garmin products from the forerunner to other handheld products and this is by far the best I have had . I have used it in the US , France , Italy and Spain and it performed great . It even warned me when to slow down for the photoradar driving to Normandy in France.Of course , there are times when the directions get a bit confusing but that happens and is probaby more to do with me than with the unit ... The one draw back is the battery could last a bit longer but I usually hook it up to the DC adapter anyway . I have used the MP3 feature as well as the bluetooth phone . . all work well . The great thing too is the preloaded maps of the US and Europe ... I remember downloading mapsets into my old Garmin -LRB- PAINFUL !! -RRB- and now ... none of that ... No regrets with this product . I give it to relatives that visit and the `` Home '' feature is nice so they can find their way back to us ...
 We bought this for a recent trip to England , Ireland and Scotland , and we found that all of the maps were quite detailed and the Garmin easy to use . All of the small roads in Ireland were even on the map , which was good since it would be very easy to get lost.We did find it took a little while -LRB- especially first thing in the morning -RRB- for the satellite to boot up and find your location , which was frustrating when you needed to find a location and were waiting several minutes for the satellite to link with the Garmin . There were also several restaurants , rental agencies and other locations not in the system , which needs to be improved . -LRB- for example , the rental car agency in Ireland was not on the map and it was offsite like many others . -RRB- Overall am pleased with the purchase and would recommend it.Chris Young President , The Young Team , Inc. .
 I bought the unit as a replacement for a unit that was stolen . All I can say is that it 's AWSOME . The menus are intuitive , the instruction are clear , the bluetooth works flawlessly , the traffic alerts are spot on and the GPS acquires super fast . This is by far the best unit out there . Yes , it 's expensive , but it is worth the extra coin to have the european maps preloaded and all the extra cool features in the ultra-sleek package .
 Bought the Nuvi 670 for a trip to Italy . We were going to rent a GPS navigation from the car rental company but they wanted over $ 200 for the two weeks . Bought the Nuvi 670 for the balance of features plus US and Europe maps . Upgraded for free the Europe maps prior to leaving . Read several reviews prior to purchasing and had some concerns about the mapping ability based on others reviews . The ease of use is great . Very straight forward and logical . Setting destinations and finding locations has been a breeze . The one thing that others had concerns about has been that the Nuvi at times seems to select some strange routes to your destination . Now I did not read all of the directions but have tried several different settings to see what differences they make . The two most critical seem to be the choice between Fastest and Shortest route . Fastest seems to take into consideration more than just distance while shortest is just what it says . The shortest distance ! Besides a couple of very interesting side trips the Nuvi has performed beautifully . I had no previous knowledge of the cities we visited and trusted the Nuvi almost entirely . I think that a paper map of the overall area would be a good recommendation so that you have a birdseye view of where you are trying to go prior to just motoring on . If not be prepared to let the Nuvi take you there . For the most part the device new the routes , one way streets and highways well . Recalculation is quick if you make a mistake and the zoom features are great . Other benefits are the wireless for your cellphone and the ability to have the sound transmitted to your radio via the fm transmitter . This helps if it is loud in the vehicle . I would recommend this product .
 I recently bought this unit because it has maps for the US and Europe builtin . Since I was planning on using the unit in Europe this summer , that is a much cheaper option than having to buy the European -LRB- or US -RRB- maps separately . I used it a bit in the US , where it consistently gave me reasonable routes , although , as at least one person mentioned , it occasionally will tell you to get off an interstate , and then immediately tell you to get back on it . I found that I had to zoom out a bit so that I could see the overview better . Of course , looking at the screen forces you to take your eyes off the road ... So far , however , most of my experience with it has been in Europe . Here I have been * very * pleasantly surprised . For kicks , I had it route me from the apartment where I stay when I am in France -LRB- a couple months a year -RRB- to work . It found a little country road that I did n't even knew existed . It even seemed to be a bit faster than my normal route . However , I do n't intend to continue to use it , since it is a * little * country road . The same was true on a recent trip in Germany . On one several hundred kilometer trip , it gave me exactly the route that I would have taken , after looking at a map . On another long trip , it took me on a number of country roads . These ranged from very nice ones to rather `` interesting '' ones that only the locals knew about -LRB- in fact , they were probably very surprised to see someone with foreign plates on their `` private '' shortcut ! -RRB- . Once I got to the destination and looked at a map , the route looked very reasonable , and probably was the fastest way -LRB- which I asked for in the preferences -RRB- . But it was not without its quirks , as well -LRB- no device is perfect , including this one ; that 's one of the reasons I did n't give it 5 stars -RRB- . At one intersection , it told me to turn right . Alas , there were two very close roads going off to the right . I chose one , which turned out to be the correct one . However , for some reason , the nuvi got confused and started recalculating , only to give me back the same route that it had originally given me . I knew that , since I got confused and stopped on the side of the road to see what had happened . This can actually be a bit dangerous , since at the same time that I was confused , so was it!The directions , at least in Europe , could also be improved . While the exits on the major highways are correctly given , and always matched what was on the exit sign -LRB- eg , `` Take the exit in the direction of * town * '' , where * town * was also on the exit sign -RRB- , on the smaller roads it would say `` Turn right on xxy street . '' Well , often there are no streets signs in Germany or France -LRB- or they are very small and not so easy to see -RRB- . Instead , often there are signposts saying which town the road goes to , and that is what the nuvi should say as well.The bluetooth paired with my Blackberry with no difficulty . I was nicely surprised to see my full address book there . However , for some reason that I have not been able to localize yet , it occasionally will disconnect . Phone ? Nuvi?I originally had a bit of a beef with Garmin , but I can now say that it has been rectified completely to my satisfaction . I received the unit at the end of April . The instruction manual said to go to the Garmin web site to see if there were any map upgrades available . I did , and found a free upgrade for the European map , which I requested . I checked a couple of days later to see that there was an upgrade for the US map , but it would cost $ 70 . Well , after just shelling out $ 400 for the guy , and not having used it yet , I was a bit upset . I wrote to Garmin , who told me that since it was new , I could get * ONE * free update , either US or European . I told them to cancel the European , since I would be using the unit more in the US . They replied saying that they would ship me both updates . Thanks , Garmin ! :--RRB- I have n't had a chance to try out the updates yet , since I am still in Europe , and they are waiting for me back home.Again , no device is perfect , and all routing must be checked -LRB- as Yahoo maps will tell you -RRB- . But the directions got me to where I wanted to go , and seemed to be reasonable . That 's basically what you want in a car GPS unit , no ?
 I bought this for my husband for father 's day and decided to give it to him early as we were headed to Boston for Memorial Day weekend . We rented a car and were off in the city and all surrounding areas without so much as a hitch . This is a lifesaver for anyone traveling in new areas . Helps to make you a more adventurous traveler .
 I 'm French and I used this GPS in US and in Europe.First do n't use french translation in US . Abreviations are not correctly interpreted
 I have only had the unit a few days but so far it is excellent . The 670 came with older maps and Garmin updated both the N.A. map and Europe map for free . Europe was updated online and took a few hours to download with my slow internet connection . Garmin customer service sent the N.A. map DVD via mail which took 3 or 4 days to receive . Hold time for customer service was about 2 minutes.The unit locks the GPS signal within seconds both indoors and out . Routing has been accurate and re-routing is very quick . You can in fact add stops along the way to a destination . Spoken directions are clear and precise.One issue that I had initially was that turns were announced way too close to the actual turn . However , after updating to the latest N.A. map that issue is not longer present . Turns are announced far enough in advance of the turn . I also think that more announcements are made as a result of the update.I highly recommend this GPS . Garmin customer service seems very good also .
 I had the Garmin 660 which was subsequently stolen out of my car in the DC Metro region . My advice is to use the Garmin Lock utilizing the PIN code . A minor inconvenience but if the unit is ever returned to Garmin , you might get it back.The Garmin 670 is identical in form and function to the Garmin Nuvi 660 . The 4.3 '' widescreen is helpful for improving visibility . Although the external antenna is cumbersome , the reception is good enough to operate the unit inside my house -LRB- with an open floor plan and large windows -RRB- . The features include an MP3 player and Bluetooth capability . Projection of sound through the mono speaker is less than adequate for audiophiles but functional . Depending upon the density of radio stations in your area , the FM broadcast feature through your radio will be spotty in densely populated areas like Atlanta , DC , New York.Voices for guidance can be adjusted to various languages , and include American male and female voices , Australian male and female voices and British male and female voices.Acquisition of satellite signals can take up to a minute depending upon when and where you had your unit on last . Navigation is intuitive and various favorites , including home , can be set by address or POI.The unit comes with North American Maps and European Maps . When you register , you can upgrade one or the other . I opted for the North American DVD ROM update given the duration of updating through the internet.I bought this unit for my mother to travel in town and for the family when going to unfamiliar destinations . There is a wealth of Points of Interests -LRB- POIs -RRB- that this unit has . However , some of the big chain stores , like Staples , was not in the unit -LRB- How Strange -RRB- . For navigation , you can view the map in 3D , North up or Track up . From that same screen , you can get turn by turn guidance with map , a turn by turn summary , and even features like speedometer/altimeter/odometer / average speed.The unit accepts an SD card for MP3s or for pictures.Traffic information is only useful in major cities where the FM transmitter is available . If you are in a Non-metropolitan area , this feature is useless . Unfortunately , the traffic subscription counter starts when you start the unit and you have 90 days.The unit is relatively easy to use and has some quirks but overall , this is a solid system for the current price.The unit includes a leather case , dashboard mount , front window mount , AC and DC charger -LRB- separate cords -RRB- , so for the money , it is hard to choose between the newer flashier units and a well equipped older model like this.CONCLUSIONAside from various drawbacks , I still recommend this product.UPDATE : I had an issue with the mounting bracket and emailed the company for customer support . They are sending me a replacement . This is just one of a few examples of the excellent customer service that I have received from the Garmin Corporation . This is a solid product with a company that stands behind their product 100 % . I highly recommend this product and the company .
 Wanted help to reach several sites in quick order . Time was the factoer and I could not miss a turn . Bought the 670 for now and future Europe travel and it did the trick . Hit the rent a car lot -- turned it on in a strange town and it got me to that destination , and the next 4 over a 3 day weekend . Also got me to my hotel every night . Plus I loaded a batch of JPEGS to share with the family and friends as I arrived.Best thing I like about this portable model is you can set your destinations and favorite in the comfort of your easy chair away from you car and its dashboard .
 Very good GPS with good maps for USA , Canada and Europe . Easy to use , easy to read or to hear . Thanks .
 I replaced an iQue 3600 with this GPS . I did not use the Palm features of the iQue so switching to a nav/gps only unit was not an issue for me . Naturally , I purchased the 670 because it has the European maps . This unit is extremely user friendly . Accuracy is more than adequate . I can think of nothing negative to say .
 I love this Garmin ! It 's so easy to use , even for me -LRB- who 's challenged with my cell phone -RRB- . I never get lost anymore . Great if you 're searching for realestate , yard sales , or any group of addresses in an area . No more printing out pages from MapQuest . The hands-free cell phone option is wonderful with clear connections every time . It can play audio books and music , and has a number of other options available . It 's portable and holds a charge for a long time so you can travel with it or carry it with you when you 're sight-seeing by foot . The only semi-negative thing I 've noticed is that although it always gets you where you want to go , it sometimes takes you the stangest way to get there . With that said , I do love it ! It 's actually one of my favorite new gadgets and I use it every day !
 Bought this for my wife who will be in Germany for a year . It is preloaded with Europe and all of the North American maps . It is also Blue Tooth capable . This is the fourth Garmin GPS I have purchased and it is by far the best . Sure the maps are n't perfect but they are certainly the best available . Previous Nuvi models hid the instructions on the Nuvi itself . This one actually has the instructions on the CD in the box plus it is on the built-in Nuvi flash drive . All you have to do is charge the machine , read the instructions and you will be on your way to almost perfect destinations . All of my military and medical friends use Garmin equipment . As to the Blue Tooth - - - it is easier to pair with my cell phone than my Blue Tooth ear piece . This thing is fantastic . Hopefully I will hear positive feedback from my wife when she gets to Germany in about 3 weeks . After checking the Garmin website for a few icon updates -LRB- my wife liked the Black Pearl Ship icon best -RRB- . I tried to borrow the Nuvi 670 but my wife has a habit of changing the subject . Oh well that 's life .
 We bought this product as a gift for our friends to assist them in their 40th anniversary trip to Europe . In their return , one of the first things they said was `` how practical and how useful '' their GPS was in Europe , especially in England.Apparently , at practicality and ease of use departments it beat the in-dash product that came with their luxury automobile.Sounds like we picked the right product for the right purpose ...
 Ordered for outside sales work . Have built-in GPS in my personal car which is proprietary for Cadillac so my comparison is to that unit . Has not let me down yet . I did not buy this unit for handsfree phone so have not tried that feature yet . Gets very close to the destination . I have used it in Texas , Oklahoma and New York . Every set of directions were right on . Has only sent me out of the way by 2 blocks for a u-turn . Only issues ... wish it had a better temporary mounting surfaces for rental car usage . Sometimes does not let me zoom in/out far enough to really see the details . Could use more POI 's and alternative ways to input your destination.Overall , very good product . New Garmins are voice activated and that seems like a great feature . Not interested in that , choose this one .
 I received this product as a gift as we were heading to Europe for vacation , and I could not be more pleased with it . We used the 670 in Germany , Switzerland , and Italy with the greatest of ease . Driving in a different country always comes with its challenges , but the 670 made it effortless . I have been telling everyone how great it has been since it even gave you warnings about entering a round-about , and which exit to take once in.In addition to driving directions we also used it in pedestrian mode within the cities . It has the capability to even take you through parks on pedestrian only roads.Since I got back , I have used its traffic capability to get to destinations faster and have not been disappointed yet.I would highly recommend this system to anyone looking for a GPS !
 The 670 is easy to use and has easily moved among our cars . I have noticed that the maps seem to be a little out of date compared to some new roads that have been built in our area . Overall the device has been a real help .
 The new toy for my wifes Christmas has done more than expected . We havent had a chance to try in Europe but here in states it does fine . Have had it not know some new roads etc but usually does fine and immediately gives alternative routes .
 This device it 's amazing all the features work really good.The only negative note is on the map 's graphic which happens to be a little low defined , but after a little bit you get used to it .
 Wow ! We 've had a GPS unit in an auto for a couple of years and needed a portable unit for an upcoming European trip . The 670 has both US and European maps . If the maps of Eurpoe are as good as what we have seen for the US , it will meet all of our needs . It is very easy to use . Navigation commands are clear and timely for driving . The displayed maps are easy to read and to change scale . Overall , this is an excellent unit and is much more capable that the fixed unit in the car .
 My family took the Garmin 670 to Italy with us to put in our rental car and i can honestly say it payed for itself the first time we got lost . this is truelly a wonderful machine and we had fun loosing it , plus all the stress we avoided from getting mad at eachother and yelling .
 I bought this model because it comes preloaded with US , Canada and Europe . My wife and I have been many places where we have put several extra miles on a car and hours on the clock going back and forth trying to narrow down the place we want to be . -LRB- we Now joke about it but it was n't funny at the time -RRB- We wonder now , why no one we knew told us about this little device for so long . I do n't know how current the maps are I suppose I could find out if I investigated it a bit , but so far we have n't been able to stump her . I plan on buying the expansion map to Mexico and see how that does as well.We call ours Laura and she has n't got us lost yet . In fact , every place we have been to so far , has been spot on . It 's really great to , especially at night , pull up to an unfamiliar place and have her tell you that you have arrived at ??? Place on the left and see you are really where you want to be . I really like the way it re-calculates and tells you how to fix yourself if you miss a turn . It has always given enough advance notice on when to turn , but I would sometimes miss the turn on purpose to see what she does.The lighting in the day and the change at night are great . I do n't have to squint or stare at it to understand what is being presented to me , It is easily understood and perfectly visible.The suction cup mount works great also , The first time I placed it on the glass I thought surely it would fall right off on the first bump I hit but no deal , Still secure in place and holding fast.I even find myself just using it for fun , even when I know perfectly well where I am and where I 'm going , It 's interesting to see how things behind the main roads are laid out.I have not had any complaints and I would recommend this to anyone that just wants to play around and suggest that , its a MUST HAVE if you have ever travelled to a place and spent any amount of time frustrated because you do n't really know where you are , and are n't sure where to turn . -LRB- It could even save an argument with you 're existing navigator -RRB- . Thanks Garmin ...
 I love my Nuvi 670 . With a road trip in France and Spain planned , I chose the 670 because it has North American and Europe maps preinstalled . The plan worked well . I found this GPS to be very valuable in Europe particularly in Paris traffic.Having used the Magellan system extensively in Hertz cars , I am familiar with this tool . The Nuvi 670 compares favorably in every category . The hands-free phone and the MP3 function work well . I highly recommend this item . However , there are a few negatives . Rarely , it will send you the wrong way on a one-way street . The traffic alerts have not been useful so far . Traffic is reported that has already cleared or traffic appears with no alert . I hope improved technology improves this function because I would find it valuable but not at the current standard . I also wish that the restaurants were kept more up-to-date .
 Excellent quality . Easy to install and use . Directions given were better than my wife 's $ 2,000 nav system !
 The nuvi 670 is quite good , I would highly recommend it . I have been able to use all of the navigation features , load and play music -LRB- MP3 files -RRB- through the built in speaker and through the car 's FM radio without much effort at all -LRB- i.e. no instructions and success with little delay -RRB- . So I 'm big fan of whoever designed the human-machine interface I think they did a perfect job . It is both efficient and intuitive . The maps are unbelievably good , yet not perfect.One limitation to keep in mind , the memory card slot is for SD cards , not SDHD cards . This was n't a problem for me as I was n't looking for more than 2GB of extra memory .
 This is an excellent GPS unit . So far I 've been able to find locations in the POI database that were n't available in my Magellan unit -LRB- although this unit is supposed to have a broader POI 's database -RRB- . The traffic feature is cool , but I hope it 's coverage will increase fast enough . The blue tooth connectivity is probalby so far the best asset . I was really disapointed with the FM transmitter -LRB- I 've tried all frequencies and I can hear more static in all of them that I can hear the actual sound being transmitted by the Unit -LRB- That 's why I removed one star ... -RRB-
 The Garmin nuvi 670 is the first GPS I 've owned , I 've used them in rental cars , but decided that since I travel so much , I needed to own one . I bought the 670 rather than the 660 although no trip to Europe is planned right now ; the cost difference between the 660 and 670 was about $ 100 , and Europe maps cost about $ 200 . The unit is great so far . Mapping works , although it does n't know some recent roads . I travel alot , both in the city and in very rural -LRB- gravel road -RRB- areas . The routing in rural areas was weird - took me miles out of the way , but later I learned that the `` avoid unpaved roads '' was turned on . I 've unchecked this option and will try again soon . Another weird routing decision was that it routed me one way to my destination and another way on the return trip . Despite these events , it gets me where I need to go and is an improvement on my total lack of direction.I love audiobooks , and took advantage of the 3 free Audible books with the Garmin . They have a fantastic selection and I 'm really thrilled to get bestsellers to listen to . My library has a good selection , but not too much really recent . Also the NY Times - really great to have the news read to me in the morning!I thought I 'd love the FM transmission feature - but I guess I did n't understand how it works . I ca n't listen to my car radio or CD player while its in FM transmission mode . So I do n't use it much , except when I 'm listening to something from Audible that I 've loaded into the unit.The best feature is the bluetooth . I do n't have to take my phone out of my purse . I can make and receive calls so easily and its much safer than trying to hold the phone while driving . And I like it much better than the headphone I sometimes remembered to wear . My callers say that the sound quality is OK - not great , but as good as what I was doing before.The TMC traffic is pretty useless - it has warned me about incidents that do n't exist by the time I get to the area - and not warned me about other incidents - or rerouted me into major construction areas . I 've heard MSN is better , but I 'd have had to spend at least $ 100 more on a 7xx model , and I did n't think it was worth it for me.The POI is really neat too - a mobile yellowpages . Really geat that I can also call with just a press of the button . Its just as helpful at home as on the road in unfamiliar places.How did I get along before my GPS ?
 We purchased the Garmin Nuvi 670 GPS because we had used and liked other Garmin GPS models in the past -LRB- e.g. , they were provided with rental cars -RRB- . We selected this particular model for the following reasons
 I absolutely love this GPS ! It is easy to use , accurate as it any specific and detail direccion can be . I used to get lost all the time , now it is a breeze , I can go to Italy and know what I am doing and where to go ! I have no complaints except for the windshield mounting piece , because it falls easy when there are high temperatures -LRB- imagine , I am in FL -RRB- so , when I do not use the car in a day and I live it where there is heat , the mounting piece falls . Other than that I will reccomend this to anyone . If you want to give a woman `` the perfect gift '' -LRB- other than diamonds -RRB- this will be the gift you want to surprise her with .
 The unit was bought for a holiday in Massachusetts in April 2007 and I 'm glad I did . It made driving around so much easier.And it seemed like a better idea compared to buying a US map for my Garmin iQue 3600 -LRB- European version -RRB- . Likes ----- Ease of use . You do n't need to consult the manual much.The size of the display.The speaker is loud enough.USB interface to pc
 I bought this to replace a Tomtom Navigator 5 system running on a Dell x51v with the external Tomtom Bluetooth receiver . The major issues with that were a terrible lack of POIs , terrible time and distance predictions , poor routing , no control of the map view and the receiver shutting off despite being on external power.First thing I noticed on opening the box is that the mains charger comes with adapters for all the countries I regularly visit , so I clicked the US two pin adapter in place , plugged it in then plugged the lead into the 670 . It came on immediately and said it was loading maps . A few seconds later it showed a map . It was already locked on ! That 's a huge advance from the old days when it took at least 4 minutes for my GPSIII + to find the satellites . I am in the middle of the top floor of a large open plan building , the position shown was accurate.Without looking at the manual I got rid of the touch beep , bound it to my bluetooth phone , set the timezone and voice and set it up to navigate to a restaurant for lunch . All in under 15 minutes with time out for work.In the car I mounted the unit to the windshield and plugged in the power conenction , it immediately lit up green to show it was connected to the traffic system . I was expecting to have to register and sign up for a service agreement , instead it came up and showed it was already enabled with 3 months to run . A few minutes later I looked at the traffic detail map and saw it already showed the local problem areas . Very cool.Apparently the 2.60 + firmware handles 4Gb SD cards so I ordered one and look forward to trying the MP3 player . -LRB- I have used three different 4Gb cards since I wrote this and they all work perfectly . -RRB- I tested the POI list by looking for gas stations and particular stores in the area , it had everything I knew of and more , so I am very hopeful at this stage.I 'm looking forward to trying the hands free too , all we did so far is dial another cell phone in the car and laugh about the echo we got . Sound quality and volume seemed good . I 'm going for a 1500 mile road trip to Utah this weekend , so I 'll update after that .1685 miles later ... Garmin certainly has accurate maps for CA , NV and UT , they seemed very up to date . The option to `` avoid dirt roads '' was especially welcome and saved me some nasty miles that the direct route would have taken on unpaved roads . Routing was mostly good , but could do with some more skepticism on the choice of rural state roads . I was happy to take route 88 into the Sierras from the bay area because I was on a road trip , but I80 is probably 50 % faster.The one significant bug is a holdover from previous Garmin products like the GPS V , it is also an issue it shares with Tomtom . While heading down an interstate , let 's take I880 from Oakland to Fremont as an example , with many miles of straight ahead to go , the 670 will direct you off at a ramp , it likes to take the I238 ramp towards Livermore , and then immediately back on . This is amusing to a local , but it could be very confusing to a visitor . It did the same to me in 395 south through Reno last night , that did confuse me . This is a bug that should have been eradicated years ago.Another issue with the GPS V is still present in the 670 . When recalculating the map display is suspended , so right when you need to see what 's going on you have a useless map . When routing resumes it gives the verbal instructions before repainting the map . Not good . In contrast the Tomtom always recalculates silently and just flashes up the new route . The Tomtom never leaves you with a dead screen . I do n't like to be told every time the route is recalculated , when I go the wrong way , for whatever reason , there 's no brownie points to be gained telling me off . At the very least there should be the option to disable this ` feature ' . POI selection is absolutely outstanding , at least compared to other things I have used . It makes the Tomtom implementation look like amateur night . You can select the POI by type , gas stations , shops and restaurants are my favorites , then either go straight to the list of hit SPELL and type in part of the name . It will match on any part of the name , so you can include partial names , even partial words , and it will still show the matches . Once you have your list you can select by address , direction and distance , or see the POI on a map . The direction changes from compass direction when stationary to relative direction when moving , so you do n't have to waste your time looking at gas stations you passed twenty miles ago.I did have one POI which can obviously never have been true , the Shell station near Lohi , UT has obviously always been a house . But mostly the POIs are very accurate.It is disappointing that you can no longer select different on-screen data , I liked that with the old units and miss it . That 's a big step backwards . I want to know time-to-next , time-to-go , course , altitude and other things that used to be offered.There is a weird issue with map detail and zoom level , small roads appear and disappear as you zoom in and out . Let 's be clear , a small road that is visible on a small scale -LRB- big area -RRB- disappears as you zoom in and then only reappears at some of the highest scales -LRB- most detailed -RRB- when you ca n't see any context , or even if it 's actually the same road.In general though , the automatic map scaling is very good , the 3-D view shifts to a track up view as it zooms out , this addresses my major gripe with Tomtom in that it allows you to keep your route in context and see how you are getting on in the big picture . As the view zooms in it adds a lot of street detail , much much better than Tomtom.The time to destination predictions remain excellent . Outstanding . It was within minutes on the driving time over a distance of hundreds of miles on each occasion . Tomtom is often pessimistic by 50 % , totally inadequate for planning purposes.Is it worth it ? Is it as good as it should be ? For me , no and no . For $ 850 I can get a decent laptop , that 's a lot more hardware , so that 's not where the money went . They are still not addressing their software issues , they have faulty algorithms that have been unmodified for years and inherited from old products . As a software engineer I am disappointed but not surprised . Near work it will still sometimes tell me to take three right turns instead of an entirely legal left.But it is very good . Garmin 's mechanical people have done a great job , this is obviously a class device . But the software and systems people are n't as good.Overall ? If I could edit the rating I 'd drop at a point or two now . But I still have n't seen better . At these prices it 's not like there are many people who are willing to try them all.Contrasting my own companies attitude to software errors -LRB- we are one of the biggest suppliers in the cell phone , commercial radio , wireless networking and many other fields -RRB- , we would not allow even a mildly irritating bug to remain in one of our products for years . So I am wondering if I should return this on principal . I 'll try support first , in the past that did n't achieve much .8,000 miles laterYes , I do a lot of miles.Lasting impressions
 The nuvi 670 is my third Garmin GPS . The first one was Street Pilot II , very hard to use . The second one was C330 , very easy to use . I also have built-in GPS in two of my cars too . The new Garmins are all very easy to use . I bought the 670 for traveling in north America and Europe . Also bought the bean bag , what a waste ! Within the first two miles I tried , it just flew off the dash board in a straight acceleration at a traffic light . I am sticking with the suction cup.A couple interesting things
 I picked Garmin because their web site gave better info on their products than other manufacturers . The size and shape of the Nuvi sold me over their PDA-based products . This 670 has a larger screen than the 370 and has the pre-loaded European maps which the 660 model lacks.The unit has worked properly right out of the box and even acquired the GPS signals inside our house.The maps display clearly in both 3D and 2D views , with detail appropriate to the level of zoom , which can vary from tens of meters out to showing the whole continent . Mounting the unit in the center of the windshield just under the mirror reduces the obstruction and places it where one is already used to looking . As expected , full sunshine compromises visibility even with backlighting set to 100 % . At night , reducing the backlighting to 50 % still gives a brighter image than the car 's instruments.The pre-loaded maps include some fairly out-of-the-way restaurants and hotels that I 've visited before . Searches for points of interest can start from other locations , so you can get directions to an out-of-town location that you have n't already visited and saved.Calculation of routes works well with the caveat that the the unit ca n't know that I prefer to use a scenic route or to turn onto busy main streets at a light.You can select from several voices . I first picked a classy British lady to read directions , and was quite happy with the result . However , her pronunciation of street names once we got to Quebec make me laugh . Picking the French voice cleared that up , but now I ca n't wait to hear what that one will do to English place names.I 've had no use yet for the Bluetooth and FM TMC traffic features . Ditto the so-called `` must have '' features such as MP3 player , audio book player , JPEG picture viewer , currency and unit converters , and extra-cost SD cards . However , I do find the world clock feature , displaying up to five time-zones , useful . The MP3 player is just that ; CDs ripped in . wma format wo n't play.Overall , I 'm satisfied with the purchase . I rationalize the expense -LRB- maps only cost a few dollars -RRB- by noting that , although I can plot out a route on a map , a few minutes into the trip , I 'll have forgotten the directions . Write them on paper ? What , and miss all this fun ?
 Took the Nuvi 670 to Sweden , Denmark , and down to central Germany . Also , did a trip from southern Maine to eastern PA. . GPS reception was always good , maps were very good , and no major routing problems . The fastest route setting does sometimes send you on a slower route -LRB- one time it took us off the main road through winding slow roads back to the main road , and there were no traffic alerts -RRB- . The traffic receiver worked in the congested areas of both our Europe & USA trips . When there is traffic info , an icon silently appears on the screen -LRB- several times we hit traffic delays only to see that the nuvi knew about it but did n't warn us -RRB- . You only get an audible traffic delay alert -LRB- and automatic recalculate announcement -RRB- when a fixed excessive delay ahead value is exceeded -LRB- you ca n't set that value -RRB- . Also , the traffic display map is separate from the navigation display maps ... and that traffic map is rather primitive.Signed up to one of the safety-camera POI services linked from the Garmin site and downloaded the locations of European speed & traffic-light cameras . The POI alert function on the nuvi worked great.The photo viewer is dreadfully slow . Photos are n't always displayed full screen , even when they have enough resolution . There is no way to easily locate a photo ... you have to painfully go through the thumbnails in sequence.I 'm not so sure the extra price for the wide screen nuvi is worth it . I sprung for it thinking the picture viewer would be great with my camera ... most of the photos had black bands to the side , so the smaller screen would have been about the same . During on-the-road navigation you tend to only look at the map area at the center of the screen , so the sides are not quite as important . The wide screen is useful when finding something when you are at a roadside rest.The MP3 player is great ... patched the Nuvi to the radio aux input and enjoyed what we loaded on an SD card . The FM transmitter works well until your radio picks up a weak station at the frequency you pick.Bluetooth hands-free works well.The Webupdater works well , and you 'll want to update the software to the latest version.Some suggested improvements for Garmin to consider in a future software update : - give an audible alert when traffic info changes on the calculated route - integrate the traffic display info into the navigation maps . - improve the fastest route calculation algorithm ... add time for each turn , sharp curve , and crossroad/congested-area . - expand on ways to customize the route ... for example , it would be nice to tap several road segments and mark each as route-via or do-not-use -LRB- and an option to save do-not-use segments for future trips -RRB- . - add a way to quickly locate photos in the photo viewer application -LRB- every Nth thumbnail option -RRB- - speed up the photo thumbnail display - have the photo viewer show photos as full screen -LRB- unless the photo 's resolution is so low it would be too fuzzy -RRB-
 For about ten years I had been using a Garmin 12 Map for my travels . It worked quite well and still functions as if new . I was quite curious to discover the differences that one decade would make in a navigational system . To claim here that the changes are astonishing would be both accurate and vastly understated . The Nuvi 670 includes a variable FM transmitter that permits the audio to run through a car or home stereo on any vacant FM frequency -LRB- although there are few such frequencies any more -RRB- . The Nuvi also includes VERY detailed maps of the USA , Canada , all of Western Europe and some of Eastern Europe . It has a superb MP3 player , a photo storage capability and a useful talking book player.At 6.2 ounces it feels light and portable , even in a shirt pocket -LRB- where it fits easily -RRB- . The screen is clear , bright and functions well on its internal -LRB- Lithium Ion -RRB- battery , via an -LRB- included -RRB- AC adapter or the 12/24 Volt car-charger -LRB- also included -RRB- that simultaneously serves as a traffic info antennae that will also run through the car 's FM radio . The tiny built-in speaker provides good quality sound and volume , so the FM radio is not necessary -LRB- if there are no vacant frequencies or you are outside of a car/home -RRB- . The car charger only connects to the Nuvi via the suction cup adapter -LRB- for windshield mounting -RRB- so a user needs to carry the mounting system on trips to be able to use the car charger . As with all portable GPS receivers , mounting is an issue because the windshield suction cup obscures some visibility , and leaving on the dash -LRB- even with an optional `` bean bag '' mount -RRB- makes the unit subject to sliding or falling during sharp turns or sudden stops . However , because reception is VASTLY improved -LRB- over my 12 Map Garmin -RRB- , satellite signals can easily be recceived anywhere inside the car , so I am now placing the unit on the center console where it works just fine.I recently purchased a new car and decided NOT to include the factory GPS because it was far more expensive than the Garmin -LRB- MSRP $ 2,500 -RRB- , less functional and not portable . I am convinced that was the prudent choice , and when I eventually sell this new car , I get to keep the GPS.I do plan to take the Nuvi to Europe this fall . The map coverage there seems as complete as that in the USA.Clearly I am quite pleased with my second Garmin . The company has earned my loyalty AND the record profits Garmin has earned from being such a leader in a complex field .
 I purchased the Nuvi 670 for use in both US and Europe , and just returned from a 2 week trip driving in Germany , Austria and Italy . The 670 worked as advertised - just turn it on and it found the satellites and our location and was ready to navigate . I used the included suction cup mount , wedged into a dash tray . No problem with satellite connection . Internal speaker was excellent . Maps were very detailed . The 670 found every small road we used , even the winding one lane paths in small towns . Pronounciation of street names was comical , but adequate , especially when coupled with the clear text line at the top of the screen that gave the name of approaching cross streets and the turn instructions in the lower right corner . We could not have navigated in some places without the Nuvi , as the street maps we purchased were not as detailed and were impossible to follow quickly enough . This is a superb product .
 This is a remarkable GPS , portable , easy to use , and surprisingly accurate.There 's a lot to like about this unit . The MP3 player is outstanding . It plays well enough through the built in speakers , but when coupled with the FM traffic antenna and a car radio , the sound is superb . Absolutely no static , no interference , unlike add on FM transmitters for iPOD 's . If I really want to listen to music , the audible directions can be disabled.The number of languages and voices is amazing . Arriving in France with a US voice , pronunciation of street names was hilarious . Switching to French solved that problem . I liked the ability to have english words and directions on the screen , but French spoken . So the unit would read , `` take the second exit in the roundabout '' , but the audio would be `` prend le deuxiem sortie au rond point . '' The spoken word gave up once in a while in Sweden , instead of really messing up a street name , the voice would spell the name . This only happened twice during travel in Italy , France and Sweden.Ease of use , the unit does take some getting used to . Some of the settings are n't exactly obvious . And it took a bit of time to figure some things out . I really disagree with the comment in another review about changing the settings for Car , Bicycle , Pedestrian , off Road , etc. . That is down right simple to change . Three presses and you are there . I frankly would hate what the Tom Tom does , ask me every time how I want to get there . You usually set this once and then never set it again.Map detail is phenomenal . I was on a shuttle bus INSIDE Charles DeGaulle airport , taking me from my plane to the terminal . I turned on the unit and the `` alley way '' we were on inside the airport was listed . The entry doors were even on the map . Frankly , I 've never seen a paper map with that much detail . The unit had sidewalks in a small southern suburb of Paris . The address of a friend in Sweden , where the development is two years old , was on the map . Walkways in Genoa Italy near my hotel were listed . I never saw a single street or alley anywhere I travelled in Europe that was not listed.Direction accuracy . The Nuvi 670 never took me a wrong direction while travelling in and around Genoa , Italy ; suburbs of Paris ; and Stockholm , Sweden . Chicago area is a major piece of cake . Whenever I misunderstood a direction -LRB- more on that in a minute -RRB- , the device simply recalculated the route . I 've used so many other systems that make you feel awful about deviating from a route - Hertz neverlost is the absolute worst . Almost all of them tell you to make a U-Turn . I never heard that statement once out of this device . I made some pretty foolish errors , all my fault , and the device simply got me back on track . Stockholm was very challenging , not for the device , but for humans . There are many bridges and multilayered areas in that city . Twice I made the exact same mistake , taking a right exit instead of just staying to the right . When you see the paper map of this area , it 's almost impossible to not make this mistake . Tunnels , multiple ramps , and bridges all in the same area did confound my ability to navigate.The traffic warning system is very odd at best . In the US , no problems with this unit . It 's as good as the radio or internet traffic websites , they both use the same information . In Italy , there was no traffic information . In France the service exists , I understand it is free , but the service refused to work . Sweden is n't supposed to have a traffic information service -LRB- it was n't listed on the Garmin website -RRB- , but there it was in Stockholm in all it 's glory , functioning beautifullly.The safety camera warning system is also strange . France seems to have a million of these . Fixed ones were pretty accurately warned . The system actually beeps if you exceed the published speed limit for that camera - say 90kph . The strange thing , the computer ca n't figure out which road you are on or which direction you are travelling . If you are on a highway and happen to cross a road that has a mobile warning , you will get say a 40kph warning on a 110kph speed limit road . Strange quirk in the software.There 's really little I wish would change in this system . I can learn to live with most of it 's shortcomings . The positives far outweigh the negatives.Is it worth this much money ? Absolutely yes . In that equation I also compared the Nuvi 660 and the cost of adding European maps and the FM traffic antenna . I 've tried so many times to learn how to use NeverLost , and about 10 different navigation systems in rental cars . This is so much easier and consistent.July 8 , 2009 Update
 The Nuvi 670 was working perfectly for two years , both in the U.S. and in Europe , until the screen became unresponsive . Garmin 's website for out-of-warranty units states
 I just returned from a two week trip to Europe where I used the Nuvi 670 to drive through Belgium , Holland and Poland . It worked perfectly taking us from the country-sides of Belgium and Holland to our hotels in the narrow , one-way , unpronounceable streets of Brussels and Amsterdam . I ca n't imagine trying to do this with a map . Certainly , my wife and I would n't be on speaking terms if we had . Based on a lot of the reviews here , I am not sure that I would have bought one . I am never certain whether the Garmin units they bought were defective or whether the users are defective . I would n't hesitate , based on my own experience , to buy and use a Garmin device for travel in Europe.My only criticisms of Garmin are that I think it is ridiculous that they do n't offer free updates to BOTH the North American and European maps on the x70 units that come with dual maps . I also think Garmin GPS units have been overly `` dumbed-down '' since I bought my first Garmin several years ago . I used to be able to get elevation , the ability to pan out and see the entire route on one screen and many other features . Maybe you still can , but since they do n't provide a detailed manual , who would know ?
 This product was purchased because we went on vacation and borrowed a smaller version of this product . We then researched and noticed this particular product had everything that the other did and more . This thing is absolutely great . You also get a free update that is redeemable once . It is definitely worth its money . I would recommend this to anyone that travels .
 I really love this unit . I have come across a couple of street name errors so far , however , I am very satisfied this unit . Very simple to understand and navigate !
 After only a month we find that we just ca n't live without it . Going to Italy next month and we 'll see how well it speaks Italian . Some of the directions seem a little out of the way but you always end up where you 're supposed to be . A good value .
 I just bought the nuvi 670 to replace my stolen nuvi 660 . Since the 670 is actually now a little cheaper than the 660 , I figured I might as well get this one and enjoy the additional features , like the European maps.While I thouroughly enjoyed owning the 660 , it requires a lot of common sense . The routing tends to be a little goofy at times ; this is true of the 670 as well . I tend to use GPS as a guide , something to lead me in the right direction when I 'm going to an unfamiliar destination . I also like being able to see a map on demand ; helpful when you can not read street signs at night.I do have a couple of gripes with the 670 . For one , the volume is not loud enough . Second , every time I turn the unit on , I have to reinput my location and time zone . I like to use the British male voice -LRB- I can hear him better -RRB- but it keep defaulting to `` Jane '' , the American female voice , which is way too low and obnoxious sounding . Finally , there are issues finding certain addresses ; even with updates , some areas grow very fast . I , for one , have a current Thomas guide in my car to help fill in the blanks.Other than that , it is what it is . For the money , I consider the nuvi line to be among the best around . Just use your head -- if you are lazy or do n't have any sense of direction , this unit can only help you so much .
 I am a very frugal person and do a ton of research before making a purchase . I looked at many , many reviews for all different models . But everywhere I looked Garmin was on top of the list -LRB- including Consumer reports , which rated the Nuvi 770 as # 1 , and the 670 as # 2 out of all GPS devices -RRB- . I definitely wanted the European maps included in whichever model we purchased . But based on so much negative feedback left for the 770 model locking up and such , we decided to go with the 670 because it seemed that all the bugs were worked out of this model and the new one still had some tweaking to do.I was a little disappointed in the lack of a physical manual -LRB- just came with a CD of information -RRB- . I am a printed manual type guy . But outside of that we were up and playing with the options almost immediately . Really you only need the manual to update the maps . The interface is so easy to use , you do n't need instructions . Updating the map took FOREVER ! But I guess it would be the same regardless of the model.The day after we got the device we tested by driving to Canada . It worked great . Now it was n't 100 % fool proof . But it was 98 % right on the money . With the GPS unit and plus a little common sense , I trust this device to take us anywhere.In Conclusion
 The nuvi 670 has a lot of features that work really well.It even has an mp3 player . The only negative is the free map update which is available through the Garmin webpage . Installing the update is very complicated and takes at least 7 hours .
 it is a good Navi device , and it has north us and Euro maps , which i believe is a v good travel kit .
 the GPS works fine , but i had a problem with amazon promising me that the nuvi 670 had the newest map programs in it . that was incorrect . by contecting garmin customer service , i was able to down load the newest us and European maps at no charge.if you looking for friendly , patient , and knowledgeable people , go buy a garmin . -------- p.s.the only problem i had with the navagation was , when it came to your designation point the nuvi some times made a mistake between left or right side of the street for your arrival . the other problem was it did not have the routes and streets that had been constructed 3 years ago.i am sure garmin will correct these minor program problems . ----- paragon Pete
 Since the 670 is a discontinued model the price reduction on Amazon was tremendous . For less than $ 320 you get the following features - Spoken street names -LRB- although they often indistinguishable via computerized voices -RRB- - Bluetooth cell phone reception -LRB- with a bluetooth phone which works very well -RRB- - FM traffic monitor -LRB- of limited usefulness -RRB- - US/Canada & European maps -LRB- relative up to date ; for the latest maps you get one updated map free and the other must be purchased -RRB- - Car & a separate home recharger - Front Window mount - Close to 6 million POI 's - Car/Truck/Motorcylce / Walking modes - One way point before end destination - Old style flip antenna -LRB- instead of built in -RRB- - Very bright screen - Speaker could be louder-I took the unit on a recent trip and it was at least 90 % accurate with recent -LRB- within the year -RRB- roads and freeways often not given . Highly recommended .
 This is my first GPS unit and I have been very happy with my purchase . We have owned our Garmin 670 for 4 months now and have used it in our hometown and on two out of town trips . When using it in my hometown it has calculated the most logical route . We have used our GPS to drive from Texas to Colorado and back and from San Jose to Carmel and then on to Berekely . It is so nice not to `` mapquest '' every potential trip prior to vacation . Just plug it in , type the desired address and GO ! The combination map on the display with turn-by-turn audio directions make navigating very easy . When driving , we have also planned our meal breaks based on Garmin loaded restaurants along our route . It seems to include most every restaurant , not just chains . I have found that the maps load very quickly . My only criticism is that no manual was included for a first time user . It is fairly self explanatory , but it has many features I would have preferred to read about in advance . Instead I have been discovering the features myself in the car . I would buy this unit again .
 I bought the Garmin 670 for my husband who ca n't find his way out of a paper bag . :-RRB- He loves it and found it very easy to use . I ordered it for his birthday in September -LRB- he was going to be out of town for his birthday and it came so fast he was able to take it with him out of town .
 The Garmin Nuvi 670 is a great product ! I bought it for my wife , and she was able to use it successfully immediately after opening the box and charging it . It is quite small and easily carried and stored . She now takes it everywhere , and it has not disappointed us at all . Satellite reception is good anywhere in the car.We have a Garmin Street Pilot , and quite using it because it was too much trouble to set up and not that easy to use . This model is much , much better.I have a navigation system built into a Toyota Camry , and the Garmin provides much better route selection and more useful information than the built-in system , despite being much smaller.I highly recommend it !
 Our family makes several trips to unfamiliar areas every year ; and , while there , we like to travel by car . A relative bought a Garmin GPS for such purposes and found that it was very beneficial , even in her own city . After much research we decided upon the Garmin Nuvi 670 , since it had the European feature . We used it while in the Yellowstone National Park area and were sold on this system . Later we found that it worked very well as we traveled to various cities in Germany . Our German friends decided that they wanted to purchase this same system for their travels in Europe , Canada , and the USA . Therefore , we left our GPS with them and later purchased this same item when we returned to the USA.We enjoyed the various features of the Garmin Nuvi 670 . Also , we purchased the Portable Friction Dashboard Mount and found that it was a great accessory for our GPS . All of our purchases were made via Amazon , and we were very pleased with their prices and service .
 I bought this device as it came with the North American and Western European maps . I 've used it Colorado , and the Canary Islands . I like the screen , the accessory functions , and the voice prompts . The device does have the limitations of the breed -- sometimes pins you to the wrong , but near-by street , maps are not quite up to date as I would wish with regards to the status of streets -LRB- one-way ... -RRB- Battery life as advertised is fantasy . The mp3 player playing with coordination with the voice prompts through the FM radio is a high point.CheersBob
 We used this Garmin to explore the UK and it was very accurate and easy to use . We undoubtedly saved lots of time finding our way without having to use printed maps or stop to ask directions . `` Hartley '' -LRB- yes , people name their GPS devices -RRB- was a life saver in those famous roundabouts . Have also used it driving to and walking in Chicago -LRB- last minute passport scramble -RRB- and it was great on both levels . Very ` green ' device , no more need to print maps .
 I bought the nuvi670 from Brazil and it was delivered 24hs latter to my wife while she was traveling in US , excellent service.It is very simple to use and usefull on the road , you always know where you are , you can load your favorite songs -LRB- mp3 files -RRB- and use it as hands free mobile phone with excellent sound quality and safety while driving.I got location precision up to 4 meters on the road . Now I have to buy the Brazilian map to be able to navigate within Sao Paulo and other major cities .
 Bought the 670 rather than the lower model because of the pre-loaded European maps -LRB- not yet used -RRB- for only $ 30 more , rather than paying $ 150 to have them loaded at a later date . The screen is clear and easy to read . You have to multi-task and not just listen to it , ` turn right and then left ' does n't mean first left , can mean second left . ` Recalculating ' can become an irritating word when you do n't follow the instructions properly . Also , ` Saint ' instead of ` Street ' can be annoying when only the St is shown on-screen . Used on a long trip from Chicago to Washington DC and back and around DC for a month . Great when you get lost and good to find local attractions and search for local restaurants/gas stations etc. when you 're on the road.Have not yet tried all the features , the MPS is great , fitted 100 songs on internal memory no problem -LRB- can add extra external memory -RRB- . I would recommend this product .
 I have been using a Magellan GPS Roadmate unit for many years . The Garmin 670 is a truly outstanding unit , easy to use , fast acquistion of satellites , with a great display and many optional settings . I was the Program Director of the GPS System at General Dynamics from 1980-1982 during its developmental phase . I continue to be amazed at its growth in capability and the way units like this Garmin 670 serves the civilian community .
 Great price and great features : Big screenBluetooth for hands free use of my phoneMP3 player with FM transmitterPhoto Viewer -LRB- with SD card slot -RRB- Calculator/currency converter/language translatorInternational charger , in car cord and mounting system includedEasy to move from car to carBe sure to upgrade the maps - they are from 2006 -LRB- free download instructions included -RRB-
 Great product for its price and number of maps it covers . love the pedestrian mode .
 I researched many different kinds of navigation systems for traveling overseas and by far the best one out there is the Garmin nuvi 670 . It comes right out of the box ready to go with a full battery . The traffic updates are as current as the local AM stations with their traffic updates . I use the bluetooth technology on it to make phone calls and I found it to be very understandable on both ends . The only problem is that if you want to update your maps , which mine came with very up to date maps but Garmin gives you the opportunity to update a map for free so why not use it , the process took very long but this was understandable considering what was going on . The GPS had to upload an entire new map of the US which I would think would take a considerable amount of time . The mircophone and the speakers on it are both excellent . I used it over in Europe because that is the main reason why I decided on this unit over others , because of its European capabilities and I had absolutely no problems . I was able to tell right where I was at . It comes with a very nice leather carrying case and so I would just put it in my pocket and I would travel around and then when it was time to come back I would just tell it where I was staying or wanted to go and it got me there with no problems . The detour feature is great because I go a certain way to work everyday and it suggested another way , well after the first time it asked if I would like to save this route as the suggested route and so now it tells me if there are any traffice problems on the route that I take to work everyday . Overall an absolutely great GPS and I strongly suggest buying one for yourself !
 We purchased this unit specifically because it has maps for both North America and Europe . We used it in Italy and France as well as stateside . It performed very well on both continents . Just one , very minor consideration
 This is a really nice unit . Does exactly what it 's supposed to do and does it well . The only complaints I have are :1 -RRB- It 's not loud enough . It can be difficult to hear when the radio is on .2 -RRB- No multiple stop routing .3 -RRB- The traffic data is n't always accurate -LRB- probably not garmin 's fault -RRB- 4 -RRB- No way to manage destinations -LRB- favorites -RRB- on your computer . Sure you can add them via mapquest and google maps , but it 's not easy to add multiple destinations -LRB- for trip planning -RRB- .
 Used this in Alaska for 10 days of travel and it provided directions flawlessly . It even knew hardly used roads that are well off the beaten path . It also located well using adresses or POIs selected from thier list . Good directions , sound , functions , visuals and is definitely small enough to take while walking or hiking . I have an installed system in my SUV and actually prefer this Garmin to it now .
 I recently used this GPS on a trip to London , Madrid , and then Milan . In every case it locked a satellite signal in no time and had me navigating the convoluted streets in the center of town in Madrid and Milan ! I was also nicely surprised when the `` safety camera '' feature popped up during a jaunt in England as we were traveling outside of London . Everything was worked great.About the only 2 negatives I could offer for this unit is that the software connecting it to the PC is not so fancy and the FM transmitter is a joke . I 've had a TomTom , Magellan , and this Garmin and the TomTom wins hands down for their PC software . All the FM transmitter features I 've tried were no good . The signal is just too weak and has way too much static as a result . As for the PC software , I 'd like to be able to plan a trip on the PC and then update the GPS . Planning a multi-stop trip in ANY GPS is really painful.This unit is very highly recommended . It does what it is supposed to very well . I love the traffic feature and form factor . It fits well in my travel bag so I take it everywhere .
 This was my first GPS purchase and I 've been pleased with it so far . The turn-by-turn directions are usually spot-on , especially if you input a manual address . My only major complaint is that the Points of Interest -LRB- POI -RRB- database is ridiculously out of date . I tried to use it to find a gas station in an unfamiliar area and it took me to a shut down gas station and then to a house that looked like it used to be a gas station . I finally came across a gas station that was n't even in the POI database . But as long as you have the address of where you 're going , this is a very nice product .
 I bought my nuvi 670 before my Austria trip . One of the main reason I took this one was the built-in map of Europe . It works well in cities like Vienna as it supposed to . So it is a good product.This is my second GPS . Compared to my old Mio Digiwalk , I do n't think the software of nuvi 670 is designed well . The following is a list of blunders :1 . The list of `` favorites '' is short and easily run-out , same as `` recently found `` 2 . When you go to `` favorites '' and touch a place you stored , there is only two options
 Excellent product!Lots of great features.Delivery from the vendor was fast !
 So many features can sometimes mean too complicated to use , but not with the Garmin 670 . The CD of instructions was helpful and once you got the just of how things work you can easily figure out how to utlize all of the other features . I plan to go to europe in the fall so I can not comment on the europe map quality but I am sure it will be excellent .
 I have had other GPS before this one . This holds all the US and Europe maps , has an incredibly bright and big LCD display , is multilingual and extremley interactive and easy to use . I LOVE this one , and I will take it now to Germany with me .
 I pick this one by the size of the screen and the fact that has the European map . We travel a lot and we go also to Europa so i 'm hoping to use it there.Buying thru Amazon i did get a better price than thru other online stores .
 I did the unthinkable and took the unit out of the box when I received it and put it directly into the suitcase for vacation . The next morning it took only moments to have it up and navigating . We successfully navigated several states during our trip . It worked great and is equipped with a lot of high-end features for the price.We are very happy with our purchase .
 When I started out to find an upgrade for the nuvi 350 which I have had for 4 years , I had no intention in buying a new one . But it was cheaper -LRB- with amazon -RRB- to buy a nuvi 670 with US upgrade and new Europe -LRB- for summer trip -RRB- than to upgrade the software . Very happy with the product . It arrived fast and in good shape .
 I selected this Garmin nuvi 670 primarily because it comes with maps of North America , Europe and Australia which is a great feature when you travel a lot . I also wanted a wide screen , 4.3 '' . This GPS is very simple to understand and to operate , it offers large and clear instructions and , so far , the map data seems very accurate . A good choice at a reasonable price .
 Having had the nuvi 670 for a bit over a month , I 'm very happy with it . Directions seem to be clear and the map very readable . Also , I 'm very glad I got the wide screen.I 'd like to be able to turn the volume up a bit higher than the current maximum , for noisy situations , and I 've seen a few cases in which the directions given can be improved on by someone with local knowledge - for example in approaching a hotel near LAX off the 405 - but overall I 'm very happy.Ordering the optional dash mount make excellent sense , as I 'm based in California -LRB- no window mounts allowed -RRB- and it 's more convenient , and probably safer , than laying the unit on the passenger seat when I drive a rental.Looking forward to trying it out in Europe and , with the right maps loaded , in Australia.Next purchase is a Garmin Colorado for hiking !
 The vendor shipped on time and it arrived on time . This product is great . The street pronounciation is pretty wild for certain uncommon names . I bought this product to travel in Europe but have not had a chance to use it there . In the US it works great , but it does not prompt you to select `` Most use of Freeways , or No Freeways '' or other route options . You have to force it by ignoring the proposed route or by missing the turns intentionally . The traffic alert works well in those cities where there is an alert system . I love the touch screen . In general the Owners manual is weak . Great product especially when compared to the in car type that require use of joy stick to spell out the address .
 For 11 trips to Europe , I have used a Garmin e-trex connected to my lap top with a RS232 to USB converter , a Y plug in the cigarette lighter to power both the laptop and the e-trex , and Mapsource software on the laptop . A lot of gear , hard on the navigator -LRB- laptop on the lap is hot and uncomfortable -RRB- but very clear maps and some neat features -LRB- like saving tracks easily , making slides out of screen prints to really annotate my trips , etc. . Finally decided to upgrade , picked the 670 because the screen size to price ratio was the best I could find , and it had European maps included.The really good : Arrived early ; booted up right out of the box and found satelites faster than the e-trex , pretty intuitive interface -LRB- although I did eventually read the manual on disk , -RRB- mounted easily in the car and worked very well on a test drive in the states . Maps were old ; went on line and got a USA update free - took a while to download but no problems . Did n't try to update the European map . I have read that I maybe could have gotten a free upgrade , maybe not , but I was very aware that Garmin had already discontinued the model and wanted to see if old maps were a problem . More in a minute . The device took up a lot less room than my old setup in my carry-on , leaving more room for a change of clothes and some necessities - which I needed but that has nothing to do with Garmin - When we got to Milano -LRB- Nuvi recognized Milan , but did better with Firenze than Florence -RRB- booted right up and found satelites in 30 seconds without being told we were n't in the USA anymore . Navigated us out of the airport and for the first half of our trip beautifully . Initially set the voice to Italian -LRB- my wife and I are both reasonably conversant -RRB- but quickly changed back to English - no reason to make the driving harder.Trip time estimate was really good , directions were excellent ; a little harder to set a more scenic route than the old set-up but quickly learned how to add an intermediate point to get a route off the autostrada when we wanted to . Incidentally , suction cup mount stayed on for thirteen days without a problem . Got to Bergamo , then Firenze , through Firenze 's complex streets to the stadio to seek tickets for a soccer match -LRB- could n't get them but again not a Garmin issue -RRB- then down to Val d'Orcia without a single glitch . Very , very happy.The Good : Day trips all around Tuscany with no problems . Did n't do great with finding our kind of restaurant -LRB- menu only in Italian , no-one outside hawking tourists , local food , no pizza for pranzo -RRB- but no worse than most guide books and we did eat very well on our own . On a very foggy day in the hills/mountains of Tuscany took 40 seconds to find satelites and accuracy was a little off - a couple of times went 3-4 hundred yards before finding out we were on the wrong road - the right one having started out parallel but heading up hill not down . Although U-turns on winding roads are not fun , this was only occassional and we did fine . Had recorded about four gigs of music on an SD card - two problems
 I have only had the unit for two weeks but so far it is excellent . The 670 came with older maps and Garmin updated both the N.A. map and Europe map for free . Europe was updated online and took a few hours to download with my slow internet connection . Garmin customer service sent the N.A. map DVD via mail which took 3 or 4 days to receive . Hold time for customer service was about 2 minutes.The unit locks the GPS signal within seconds both indoors and out . Routing has been accurate and re-routing is very quick . You can in fact add stops along the way to a destination . Spoken directions are clear and precise.One issue that I had initially was that turns were announced way too close to the actual turn . However , after updating to the latest N.A. map that issue is not longer present . Turns are announced far enough in advance of the turn . I also think that more announcements are made as a result of the update.I highly recommend this GPS . Garmin customer service seems very good also .
 Got this one specifically because I was going on a trip to Europe and did n't want to deal with downloading or buying a memory card with additional maps . Worked great in Ireland an well as California . Menus are intuitive , though some features -LRB- like volume control -RRB- can take a number of touchscreen button pushes to access . Nice being able to slide a SD card with MP3 files in and listen through the unit 's speaker , headphones , or car 's radio via FM transmission -LRB- FM works well in some areas , not others -RRB- . Having built-in traffic is GREAT ! And it gives a freeway map showing yellow and red lines where the traffic is slowed , once gave a `` traffic slowing '' verbal warning about one mile before I hit a sea of red lights , and gives a written description of local traffic tie-ups -LRB- from what exit to what exit , etc. -RRB- . Only caveat is the traffic warnings are not always completely reliable -LRB- probably takes awhile for the source of info to get updated -RRB- . POI feature has been wonderful . Want to know where the closest Starbucks is ? It 'll tell you . Want to find local restaurants ? A list will appear . Very handy and pretty darn accurate -LRB- well , except for the time it led us to what `` used '' to be a gas station ... -RRB- . Main reason for 4 rather than 5 stars is the bluetooth is n't so great . Works OK but I 've been told my voice is n't so clear on the other end.So buy this as a good , solid GPS for the price and consider the extras like playing music , bluetooth , etc. a bonus .
 We received this product about a week before we left on a trip to NM and CO. . The detail in this unit is amazing . We were in some very remote areas and the unit had forest service roads , fire roads , and muddy trails listed . It even had the names of some very small creeks . The restaurant , ATM , gas station , etc. info was amazing . The only drawback was the routing in some remote areas . It would have you driving off onto some little used roads rather than the obvious , faster roads so you have to use a little human logic when using it . All in all , a very reliable and impressive unit .
 Just took this to Italy . It was just great for driving . Option for selecting `` truck '' versus a car keeps you off the smallest streets , a plus if you are not used and do not care to drive the small windy roads in the mountains or within cities . You can also insert a waypoint to avoid or bypass certain areas . Very up to date . Only a few new intersections or rods were not mapped . In the `` pedestrian '' mode , you can use it to wander a city , after marking your parking place . One problem is the slight ambiguity of which way to start , when walking . A north arrow would be good . Also , the battery will run out if used continually for a few hours of walking , so be careful . Be sure to have the 12 volt charger for the car . Other than those two issues , it was absolutly great.The Fedor Europe addition was pretty good , but not must . Overall , I would not go without it . I also use it extensively in the US , as I travel often .
 We have had in-car GPS units in my wife 's last two Infiniti FX 35s and I always considered them the benchmark for in-car navigation but the Nuvi 670 is clearly superior.I use the 670 in both my BMW sedan and my Porsche 911 and it is markedly better than the in-car systems offered by either of these manufacturers.So far it has performed flawlessly . It 's easy to program and the maps are nicely detailed . An easy-to-use menu system lets you quickly customize the unit 's functionality to your personal preferences . The included windshield mount puts the unit up where your eyes should be - watching the road and traffic - not down at dash level.The traffic alert system works just fine in my area and it is a terrific help in avoiding delays . The traffic data links up to the 670 through a special power cord that includes an FM receiver.Don ' t lose this cord - the replacement cost is north of $ 200 ! A standard vehicle power cord is $ 30 and is what I use when I take the unit on business travel or vacation trips . After the initial trial period the traffic alert service costs $ 60 for an annual subscription fee.The unit updates over the Internet via your computer and thanks to a recent software fix it is both PC and Mac friendly.I plan to use the 670 both in-car and - thanks to the battery and built-in maps for both North America and Europe - on foot in Italy this summer . This would n't be my pick for a back county hiking GPS but I 'm looking forward to seeing how it helps me get around Rome on foot.When you factor in the other features Garmin builds into the Nuvi that go beyond navigation -LRB- Photo Viewer , Bluetooth link , MP3 player , SD card slot , etc. -RRB- and the add-ons and accessories available you have the Swiss Army knife of portable GPS units .
 The Nuvi 670 is extremely user friendly and start-up is quick/easy . For the most part the maps are excellent and it is feature rich - specific address , city only , intersections , favorites , home . In very rural areas , you do need some idea of where you are going . My setup was to `` fastest route '' and sometimes - when out in the those areas - that meant being told to turn onto a farm road - gravel , dirt and all . The recalculation time is very quick and the GPS is sensitive to very short distances - maybe 200 feet or less . When I failed to turn or made a mistake , it quickly got me going in the right direction . We are just coming off of a 2500 mile road trip with the Nuvi - it was wonderful . Loved it and it saved so much time and gas in determining the best routes plus finding gas stations , ATMs , hotels , etc. . If you live in California , you will need to order the friction mount since CA does n't allow the window suction mount which comes with the Nuvi . Friction mount works very well .
 It 's been years since I have been so happy with a purchase . This product is amazing . My mistake was not buying this when it first came out . I was on the fence about buying this and if you are simply considering it , buy it and try it out for a month , you will not return it , it 's just too good . The only difference from the 670 and 660 is the europe maps . The incorporated traffic is worth every cent of the whole product if you live in a traffic area . Buy it now .
 The 670 is the same as the 660 except that it includes the Europe maps . If you want Europe it is cheaper to buy the 670 . My unit came with older versions of both North America and Europe . When I registered on the Garmin website to get both updates , it told me I could only get one for free and would have to pay for the other . I called tech support and complained , since I already paid the premium for the 670 and therefore expect to have fully up-to-date maps of both North America and Europe . Garmin said that although this is their policy , they will gladly provide both updates for free . I downloaded the North America update , and they sent me the DVD for Europe at no charge . I suggest anyone buying this unit do the same .
 Even if you are an experienced Indian tracker , after dark in a maze of cart-wide one way cobbled stone streets of Italy , without a Garmin your directional skills will be severely challenged . Despite some missed turns -LRB- my oversight -RRB- , the Garmin performed admirably finding our way back to the Frascati train station and through the old Etruscan towns of Palestrina and Tarquinia . It is truly amazing to see the agility of the Garmin recalculating new routes through these mazes . Truthfully , without stopping to ask for directions , this trip would not have been possible without the nuvi . Thank you , Garmin.I would strongly recommend the Nuvi 670 , especially if you like to explore on your own . If you are searching out sites of antiquity , I would suggest that you enter these locations into the `` Favorites '' section prior to your trip.Delighted new owner , Holly Fritch Kirby , M.D.
 After using the Nuvi 670 for a few months I will have to say that it is wonderful . This is the only driving GPS I 've owned but I 've used numerous built-in ones and rental car ones . There is much to like about it . The traffic option is good but quality varies by location . The map does appear to be just a bit behind when you 're driving too.I have not had the opportunity to use it Europe , just in the US.Would I buy it again ? YES!Here 's a quick list of the Pros & ConsPros - Reception is very good and locks on quickly - FM traffic information is useful - Very easy to useCons - Street & merchant database is a little old in some areas - FM traffic information could be displayed a little better - Searches for some merchants never return - FM transmission audio quality is REALLY bad -LRB- Believe all the reviews , it 's THAT bad ! -RRB-
 great product , only freezes from time to time when cell phone is conected . other than that it 's a great product . I 've been able to us it as an MP3 player by conecting it through the radio transmiter . also I been able to access my phone book on my cell phone through it , as well as dialling numbers off of the navigation .
 I have used the Nuvi 670 on one trip of about 1400 miles . The product works well . The user interface is straightforward , and the navigation aids work about as well as any of these products . I have used several , and none of them are any better than thier map database , which is usually good , but ocassionally there is a bit of a flaw - usually something benign , like indicating a turn to go straight along the same section of highway , or something like that . I found the FM transmitter used to hear the voice on your car radio to be no better than other such FM transmitters that I have used with my i-Pod ... not very good . Using the headphone jack and a jumper cable to the line in on my stereo worked very well , however , and I can use the 670 's built-in MP3 player to listen to music while waiting for navigation voice prompts.I was pleased that the 670 allows setting Favorites via latitude and longitude entries , as I have had to do that a couple of times.One feature that I was not really very aware of when I bought the unit was the capability for a language translator add-on . The 670 came with a ` lite ' version . After trying the lite version for a bit , I bought the full version from the Garmin web site . I look forward to using it on an upcoming trip to Europe .
 This is a great GPS system . We are looking forward to using it in Europe as well as the US .
 Great GPS ! Very impressed with the mapping , routing , re-routing , features , size , etc. . Package includes lots of goodies . Contrary to other reviews , there is a built in compass but it is simple , no arrow -LRB- N , NE , NW , S , SE , etc. -RRB- A few small complaints the same as many other reviewers . Huge oversight the POI 's -LRB- Favorites -RRB- are not put in alphabetical order . Owners manual is not thorough enough - left out a lot of information and capabilities -LRB- figure out more by playing w / GPS than reading manual . -RRB- Received my choice of 1 free City NAV software update from Gramin , US or Europe . I do n't plan on using the FM transmitter or Bluetooth so have not really evaluated them -LRB- It 's a GPS not a Swiss army knife -RRB- . Have not used in Europe yet .
 I 've had a Garmin Quest for many years and have used it throughout the U.S. and Europe on many trips . I bought the Nuvi 670 for my other cars . It has improved antenna sensitivity to work better in a city environment , pre-loaded U.S. and European maps , clearer and enhanced voice instructions as well as blue tooth and other features make this a really enjoyable and useful product .
 This product works great out of the box and it is ideal for those who live in the USA and also travel to Europe . The new version of the Europe maps is very detailed and impressive .
 Garmin n&uuml;vi 670 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS NavigatorI am quite pleased with this unit . It is easy to use the basic navagation system and bluetooth functions . I am still learning how to use all the options it has . I have not used it overseas yet but in the US it has worked well .
 Well , this machine is impressive , the first time I turned it on I got a fix in less than 10 seconds ! There are nevertheless some flaws : For instance , The Nuvi 670 shows a route from point A to point B , and then a totally different route from point B to point A.Many things are optionnal and expensive -LRB- for instance , the language dictionnaries -RRB- . The translations are approximate ... and very funny ! For instance , `` Powerline Dr. '' in spanish turns into something like `` Poder linear Doctor '' , which had my family laughing for 10 minutes ! I have n't tried french , but I am sure I 'll get some nice surprises also.The manual is not very detailed , and I have n't been able to put a destination in the `` favorites '' folder before I get there ... Strange.There is no way I can hear my iPod through the speakers of the Nuvi -LRB- the TomTom offers that feature , and by the way is about half the price ! -RRB- I think I still have to use it more to get accustomed to it , and to be able to discover and take advantage of the tons of features .
 This is the Best darn GPS on the market I tried the Garmin 3600 iQue and this is better by far . easy to use touch screen and it works like a charm . I also like the bluetooth hands free compatibility with my cell phone when I 'm on the road.We plan a trip to Europe and this GPS has European Maps . I mark this GPS a 5 star buy
 I used this Garmin Nuvi 670 just for a short time but I do like the features it has and just for the few times I used it I like it allot.I tried the navigation , the hands free bluetooth technology and the FM transmit . in my area the traffice control does not provide service at the momement so i can not tell much about that .
 Man what a Gadget -- I 've used GPS for years -- but this is unbelievable . The telephone Blue Tooth interface if worth the price in it 's self . Have n't tried it in Europe yet , but in the States it 's flawless -- p.s. -- be sure and buy the holder off Ebay that mounts on the AC vent -- this is alot better than sticking on windshield -- gets it down where you need it for phone use.enjoy -- you 'll love it .
 I purchased the NUVI 670 for my husband for an upcoming trip to Italy . We have used it already in the US and he loves it . I loved the fact that we did not have to purchase other software for Europe for our trip . This GPS is easy to use and has a large screen for easy viewing . We rate it 10/10 .
 I purchased this product on the advice of a good friend who has a similar model . I 'm sure that all the 600 models are relatively similar , but I could not have been happier with the purchase . I would recommend it to anyone and could n't recommend it strongly enough . Was in Wash DC in Spring 2008 . While there was able to find restaurants , attractions , shopping centers , WalMart and Target ... then not having to worry about finding my way back to the hotel !
 I used the Nuvi 670 in Germany and found that it was very accurate in navigating in downtown areas and performed as advertised . I would highly recommend the product .
 This is a great product . I bought one for myself and loaned it to my wife and I had to buy a second onefor my car . I travel for a living and found it comes in very handy at the end of a trip when you arelooking for a paticular address you have n't visited before .
 I purchased the Nuvi 670 in 2007 after having too many problems with several of the Tom-Tom products . I chose the 670 because I was living in Europe , travelled to the US on occassion and needed the pre-loaded maps . I found that the 670 was nothing short of a life-saver . I recently had to replace the battery and Amazon was a great resource for that -LRB- search
 Bought this as a backup/replacement unit for an older Magellan Roadmate unit . Have used it extensively in US , Canada , and a long driving trip through most of Spain.General features are OK . Was familiar with lower-range Garmin models that AVIS rents with their cars.Setup and base configuration were easy.Main `` quirks '' found so far : - sometimes has phantom exit/entry while on highway - inexpicably asks you to exit then re-enter . . one learns to avoid these after awhile - hard to specify routing options -LRB- quickest time , shortest distance , avoid highway , etc -RRB- . these are buried deep in the menusPRO
 Easy to use from first moment . It recalculates quickly when we change our route or make an error . When we were on a tiny unknown road in Canada it did not recognize , it still showed surrounding roads which helped us find our way.On a recent trip to Croatia , it did not know a freeway built a year or 2 ago , but helped us in some tight spots on other occasions.I did not bother mounting it . It worked fine on the passenger 's lap .
 I 'd always be hesitant to purchase expensive electronics knowing their price will go down soon , but finally , at the last minute , I pulled the trigger and purchased this Garmin 670 that arrived a day before leaving for Europe ! We were traveling with our elderly parents - better be in a relax mode rather than getting lost all the time . This is my first GPS ... . first trip to Europe - no idea how this gadget works ... no idea what Europe was like . I only had the time to read the manual to see which accessories I needed to bring along.And wooow ... . I must say , after 800 miles driving -LRB- we only drove for a week out of a month - one biggest reason why we were hesitant to purchase this -RRB- , I am becoming more like Amex people ... `` Never leave home without it -LRB- GPS -RRB- '' ! This Garmin is easy to set up . Do n't forget to recharge it fully the first time , even though it said it was ready to use right out the box - I found the battery level was low . In the beginning , it took a while to ` communicate ' and adjust with this Garmin . Just like in any new relationship , at first we often misunderstood what it was saying . Sometimes it 'd say `` turn right '' , when the turning was more like `` stay on the right '' or like 20 degree turning only . Or we were not sure if there were several turns close to each other . True that it 'd say `` in 50 feet turn right '' ... . but we found there were cases when there were 2 turns very close to each other , not to mention that I had to learn the sense of distance , which I did n't really have in the first place . Since English is not my first language -LRB- but it does n't have setting on my native language -RRB- , this added up to more confusion . Several times we 'd miss our turns , but Garmin quickly recalculated the route so that we could get back to our destination.After a day or two , we were getting better in understanding the ` language ' of Garmin . We did n't detour much , though make sure , if you are not the adventurous type like I am , put the mode in `` fastest '' - that way you can stay in the highway , or turn off the `` avoid delay '' mode . Otherwise , what happened to us - we were in a slow moving autobahn when Garmin detected this ` delay ' and told us to exit - we ended up in very small roads which I was not comfortable at all - finally despite its direction , I went back to the autobahn . I preferred to wait 20 minutes in a nice big highway , rather than being rerouted to the middle of nowhere in confusing small roads . Another time we ended up in weird route , I suspected that it could be due to the fact that I did n't set the mode as `` fastest '' - though some reviewers here thought it could be due to software error . It 's still a mystery to me , so what helps - if you are traveling , just get a big map for a general overview , and once you know you are in the right highway , just keep sticking with the road signs if there is any , even if Garmin tells you differently - otherwise you may end up in weird small roads . If there 's no sign , just follow Garmin . BTW , this ` weirdness ' only happened to us twice , during our 800 miles , so I guess it 's quite reliable.With this Garmin , we were all really enjoying our road trip much better . We went from small town to another small town , which I do n't think we 'd go since we had no maps of these towns . Everyday we visited different small towns without the fear of getting lost . I always thought english was a universal language ... until we got to Europe ... they seemed to have no need of english ! The places we visited - most people did n't speak English ... we 'd have hard time asking for direction if we ever got lost ! Road signs or other signs were not in english . Just imagine the trouble if we did n't bring this GPS ! I never used other GPS before , so I ca n't really compare this one with different brands , except to say that I am very satisfied with this one already . Oh , do n't wait to purchase GPS when you get to Europe - the price was doubled there ! The restaurant lists came in handy too , from time to time we used it to find a specific restaurant . Oh , I also used it to see if the taxi cabs we used -LRB- when we were not on the road -RRB- were honest or not -LRB- hubby would sit in front , I 'd sit on the back , turned on my GPS without any sound , the cab drivers would n't know what I was doing -RRB- - we 'd give bigger tip if they were the honest type.The price of GPS is going down all the time - do n't forget to check the price from time to time since Amazon will refund the difference if it 's still within a month . In my case , it went down 3 times -LRB- about $ 30 total -RRB- - they adjusted it every time I emailed them . Do n't forget to check the version of the maps - in my case , I got the older version , but still worked fine in Europe . I think you need to install the software and connect your GPS to computer and to the internet to have the version checked . Later on I upgraded the USA map for free - wish they 'd do the same thing for Europe maps . Oh well.I was planning to sell this GPS back on the market once we got back - I had no use of Europe map and could just get a much cheaper one with USA map only . But somehow I feel I owe much to this GPS ... it has made our trip so wonderful , which I do n't think I could say the same without it ... . surely it 's worth keeping . So nope ... . you can just get yours someplace else . . I am not going to sell you mine ... :--RRB- .
 The Nuvi 670 was purchased because I frequently travel in Europe . It proved it 's value immediately upon leaving Frankfurt Airport , and continued to impress me during travels around Europe . It proved much more user friendly than the high-end nav system in the Alpha Romeo rental car.The ability to load MP3 's , audio books , and photos are an added plus that really impress others . It became the primary source for sharing our photos once we returned to the States .
 Overall this is an excellent product . I 've thoroughly enjoyed using it and have made use of most of its functionalities such as listening to my MP3s whilst receiving directions through the FM receiver . The bluetooth integration with my cell phone -LRB- Qtek 9100 -RRB- is also amazing and I 've been able to do things like receive calls through the navigator whilst driving and lookup the nearest restaurant and call them up for a reservation . The only things I 've seen close to a glitch are slightly outdated european maps and some delay in processing GPS signals in narrow roads and alleyways which are typical in this continent . Things I would like to see in future releases are options for a map update service , worldwide coverage , better grammar in Spanish and a java `` platform '' for loading additional applications such as games .
 The screen size and quality is perfect . Make sure when you download data to the device or sd card inserted you must use the supplied USB cable . Any other cable will not work on a consistant basis . MP3 play perfectly . The POI points of interest you can download free on the internet work as advertised when you use the POI loader supplied software . Not sure that the increase cost over the 650 is worth it . The only difference is the included Europe maps . Will not display very large JPGs so if you want to store them on the device need to save them as a smaller file
 In general , it works well . However , I am having trouble with the BlueTooth link to my Motorola Razr cellphone . It works fine whenI call out , but only answers properly about 50 % of the time.When it malfunctions , I can not hear the person calling , but theycan hear me . Also , it 's not the easiest thing to figure out howto make it drop the Bluetooth connection . So when it is acting up , its hard to drive & drop the connection at the same time ... If you do n't want to attach it to the windshield , you can buy thedash top friction mount 010-10908-00 . It has a ball mount whichconnects directly to the socket mount that comes with the Nuvi.So far it is working very well for me , does not move around on thedash , and it is easy to set on the floor when I park the car .
 Got the 670 for a trip to europe , given it had pre-installed maps of europe and North America . Did n't bother to update the european maps -LRB- saved the free update for North America -RRB- before we went on a two week trip with travels thru southern England and Normandy/Brittany/Paris in France.Device was INVALUABLE , and a GREAT VALUE . For only about $ 70 more than a plain-vanilla nuvi 250 , you get widescreen , more features , a case , and an AC charger - useful if you plan to use it as a pedestrian in cities.I was particularly impressed when it took us from Bayeux to Mont St-Michelle to Le Mans in a route that included a series of country roads I would have never found or been able to navigate on a map . Only rarely was there a road that was n't on the GPS , and only once a one-way street that had n't been correctly identified . The only navagational downside is that the audio prompts could n't quite keep up with the speed of decisionmaking in roundabouts - watch the screen to keep yourself from making an extra loop.It was also a great aid while walking in Paris , locating ourselves and finding a pedestrian route to a location or the nearest metro station.ps . Also used on the Eurostar train , where I recorded a max speed of 183 MPH !
 I like others took it out of box & used it in USA staright away , locks onto satelites quick , love it . Then went to UK , realised where I was immediately , superb . Got free updates to maps as standard once you register the product . Not used the MP3 part yet , but great at finding stores when in need -LRB- recently my brother was in need of Dunkin Donuts ... worked a treat -RRB- . Bluetooth functionality needs a volume boost but doies the job . Great screen size , looks neat , could see need to the 700 series , plus the 770 had a few poor reviews , in all a great Sat Nav from the market leader for an international traveller .
 I bought this GPS for my wife 's european travels . She loves it while traveling on foot , train , taxi , car . I also bought the Language Guide , which has been useful . The portability/size is perfect with an excellent display size and intuitive interface . It fits in her purse . While using it in her car it works very well with her bluetooth Razor phone , so she is hands-free to talk . It plays stored MP3 files and audio books through it 's FM transmitter over her car stereo . All in all one of the better gifts I 've bought that she really enjoys using.Garmin n&uuml;vi 670 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator
 I 'm no expert on GPS , but I like the system so far . I just need to learn how to use the darn thing . One thing I do n't like is not being able to just push a button to remember a location . The Garmin may have such an option , but I have n't figured it out yet if it does . The 4.3 screen is big enough and the volume is adequate enough to be heard under most driving conditions . I especially like the ability to enter coordinates . Since I live in Germany and if I do n't know an address , or I ca n't spell it correctly , I go on google earth and find what I want and then input the coordinates and it takes me directly there .
 I got this GPS to upgrade my Nuvi 350 and I am very pleased with it . The traffic information is just great . Also the big screen is good too.I love it !
 I 'm probably considered the `` soccer mom '' referenced in a previous review . I bought the Garmin Nuvi 670 , as an upgrade to our current TOMTOM 910 . It 's much easier to carry & attach to the windshield compared to the TOMTOM 910 - my Garmin Nuvi bluetooth was a one time connection -LRB- TOMTOM wants to reset often -RRB- , and back to my original comment of being a soccer Mom , it 's worth it 's weight in gold when I do n't have to rely on a 10 year old to give me directions to their house after practice!On the other hand , I frequently travel , state to state and occasionally international - I find when I get into a rental car , in an unfamiliar city , my portable navigation system is my best friend . It certainly does n't hurt to do some `` personal due diligence '' prior to any trip - map out your locations , google & research addresses - and program them in prior to your trip -LRB- if they 're not already listed in POI 's -RRB- I would never plan my entire trip based solely on POI 's programmed into my navigational system.The nuvi offers extras that have definitely come in handy - to say the least , having a currency exchange calculator built in to the unit has often been helpful -LRB- although it needs to be manually updated -RRB- . I have n't tested the language dictionary/conversion - but what a neat feature if you need it . Calculator - good to have too.I 'm just beginning to use the Nuvi to it 's full potential , but have been very pleased w / trips to Vancouver BC , Victoria , along w / a great deal of the west coast to AZ. . . the real test will be in London this fall . Do n't let the cost deter you , it 's definitely worth it .
 Great GPS ... BUT ... I bought the nuvi 670 because I like to travel to Europe . However , I use it in the US for every day business and work mostly in the same city going from address to address . Unfortunately , unlike other less expensive GPS devices out there , I have to type in the same city name over and over again while conducting my business . Why could n't they have programmed a `` favorite city '' or `` SAVED '' cities list to select from ??? This becomes very tedious - `` TOO BAD '' . Everything else is good .
 I am extremely satisfied with this GPS . This is the only one I have used , but it is very easy to use , and has lots of useful extra features . I only speak English and live in Germany , and having a European GPS is invaluable . It also features pedestrian and bike modes , which are very useful in Europe . The built in FM modulator makes for easier listening in the vehicle , and the built in MP3 player allows for music listening while the stereo is tuned for the FM modulator.The only downside is the battery charge only lasted for about three hours while walking around downtown , and the unit was mostly on standby in my pocket .
 We purchased this as a replacement for another brand unit in order to get the European maps and the battery operated portability . We used the unit primarily in a vehicle in Scotland and had coverage in all areas around the Highlands . The system was extremely accurate . The unit allows for choice of `` quickest '' or `` shortest '' routes and not `` most highway use '' as did our previous unit , and Garmin seems to make no distinction about the size and quality of the roads it uses to route , at least in Scotland . We found ourselves being routed on one lane roads instead of going a few minutes further to a two lane road . After an adventurous 8 mile leg on a single lane road through a cattle and sheep farm , we dug out our AAA maps and routed ourselves , then let the Garmin reroute to where we were . It was extremely helpful to have a preview of the upcoming road and to have the voice tell us about the exits and roundabout turns . It is always a comfort to know where you are on an unfamiliar road at night and that you can find your way back to your hotel , especially in rural areas . Great product , but do n't forget your paper maps !
 I like the N&uuml;vi 670 very much . On a recent trip to England , I used the included suction cup mount and cigarette lighter adapter to mount it in my rental car . It was invaluable in getting me from point to point while I concentrated on driving on the left side of the road and navigating the roundabouts . The pedestrian mode was very useful in helping me get oriented after I emerged from underground subway stops . Its pretty clever that they thought to include a mode that ignores one-way streets and illegal turns for people who are walking . The interface is fairly intuitive . The Bluetooth integration works very well with my RAZR . The MP3 player is quite adequate . The picture viewer is useful for a small number of pictures . I would prefer other ways of navigating through images for larger numbers of images . I also found it a little slow when dealing with 10M pixel images from my camera , but that is to be expected . It certainly works well to have a few family snapshots available to show friends , but it fall show of being a good way to review pictures on a 2MB SD card while on vacation . I like the simple USB interface to my Mac . It makes it easy to get files on and off the N&uuml;vi.Overall , I 'm amazed at how much information I can hold in the palm of my hand and the number of things this device does well . I give it four stars instead of five only because of the minor issues I listed so far and occasional hick-ups in the database in the EU . For example , it was able to guide me to the rental car pick-up at Heathrow airport , but not the drop-off . Also , the FM transmitter is not very strong and does n't not work well in my car . These issues were only minor for me , but make it slightly less than perfect .
 I have used this now for several months . I have a Garmin quest that I am extremely happy with so most comparisons are made to that . In general I 'd higly recommend the unit.Pros :1 . Fast satellite acquisition2 . Directions spot on3 . Very intuitive interface4 . Voice directions loud and clear -LRB- sometimes mispronounced but not a big deal -RRB- 5 . Big clear display6 . Very compact for the amount of functionality it provides and the screen size . It will fit into jean pockets provided you do n't have anything else in there . I wanted something with a large screen and if you do n't need the additional functionality and looking for more portability go with the 3xx series . I wanted the extras since I 'm planning europe trips so I 'm fine with the extra girth .7 . Bluetooth functionality works great with my slvr l7 .8 . It 's good that they made their connectivity using mini USB rather than some proprietary plug.NOTE
 Was looking for a GPS navigator , and decided to buy the 670 since we were planning a trip to Italy . Whether walking around the cities/towns or driving in the countryside of Tuscany , the Nuvi 670 delivered what I needed . I ca n't begin to imagine how many times we would 've been lost had we not had the Nuvi.If you are driving around in the country , I would recommend you disable the navigator 's use of Unpaved Roads . In my case , it used them a lot more frequently than I would 've expected.You 'll also find that some places out in the country -LRB- i.e. restaurants , hotels , etc. -RRB- do n't know or publish their street address , especially the street number . But , it 's pretty easy to take an educated guess , which ususally gets you very close to the intended destination.Finally , I could bicker about the pronunciation of the Italian street and town names , but that really was n't a big deal at all .
 Excellent product . I do a lot of travelling and will not go anywhere without it . The traffic feature is great and it is very intuitive . GREAT GREAT GREAT product .
 I just got my 670 couple days ago and had used it but 2 , 3 times . One of the perks of having this i thought , was so that i do n't have to search for the addresses of museums , because the handy `` Point of Interest '' that comes preloaded in the unit . Was i wrong ! After trusting it fully i end up somewhere in the ghetto where you would never want to venture in Los Angeles . I was lucky that it was still daytime , or else i would be very scared . after double checking the address i found the POI had a wrong zip code , and therefore leaded us astray . But how hard could it be to correct this error if the manufacturer do some double checking ?! So from now on i still have to check the addresses of POIs on the computer to make sure they are right , which renders this feature semi-useless . Otherwise it 's being an Okay GPS unit in my book.sw
 Very thorough navigation machine . However , it will divert you from a more established road due to traffic without advising you of the reason . I would rather be given the option .
 This navi system is easy to use and fantastic . We used it here and in Europe .
 Great so far but the suction cup does not hold the unit . Disappointed that I spent this much money and they took a short cut with the mounting .
 it is a good device . I used it quite often . But only one time , it took me to a different city . Finally it realized the problem and asked to do a U-turn and back to highway . The Suction Cup Mount makes me crazy sometimes . All in all , it is a good joy .
 I love this GPS ! It arrived just in the nick of time after I had it expedited . This one does so much . There 's still accessories for me to buy.Be careful if you put it on the FM transmitter option . You wo n't hear sound out of it 's speakers which might make you think it 's broken . Just go back and find the setting and switch it to auto output and select internal speakers to get your voice/sound back .
 Functions well , clear directions , need some experiance to fully benefit of all the options.Good help on hi way travel
 First time buyer of GPS device and I certainly do love how the capabilities of Garmin Nuvi 670 , from giving directions to accurately pin point the exact locations that are n't even listed , as long as you know the exact address it 'll get and give what it 's capable of , i have experienced Garmin670 the first time i travel with the whole family by car going to florida , from home all the way to FL -LRB- Disneyland -RRB- never experienced a problem reading and following directions , compared my Garmin to people I work with their Tom Tom does n't even do much what Garmin has . I never regret paying so much for a device . Delivery is a success also , I did n't wait for a long time to receive it .
 Bought this GPS as an `` open box special '' from Amazon . While it did n't ship with any manuals -LRB- a bit disappointed -RRB- , its user interface is rather intuitive . Great features - everything you want in a GPS . I even used it recently while driving in the UK and it worked perfectly.My only issue with the device is that the bluetooth does n't support my phone , a Blackberry 8310 . Bluetooth capability is one of the reasons I bought the phone . So , I 'll wait patiently while Garmin resolves this - however , you need to check the compatibility list on their website before purchasing .
 The nuvi 670 was purchased thru Amazon and sold by one of their contractors . It is a factory refurbished model 670 with North American and European maps , both the 2009 issues that I paid about $ 210 . Although it 's `` last years '' model the 670 has longer battery life and most all the features of the current nuvi 775 which list at close to a grand ! The refurb unit came with all the `` in the box '' goodies that a new one has , and cosmetically could not be told from new.This product worked flawlessly right out of the box ... it 's loaded with Bluetooth , FM tranmitter , picture viewer , and mp3 play in addition to the terrific GPS features.The only minor negative is that the FM transmitter on the U.S. model 670 has rather low power , but once a satisfactory FM channel is found with a relatively close car antenna it worked great . I automatically pauses the MP3 when the GPS wants to talk and likewise when the phone rings with bluetooth.Overall a terrific buying experience .
 This is a great product . The Bluetooth and MP3 player work flawlessly . I have found that I can be confident in the route given by the GPS . I 'm sometimes confused as to why it will choose a long route to get from point A to point B. However , it always gets me where I 'm going .
 Simply awesome . A great GPS for a great price . I really love it . Very easy to use .
 This product has more features than I 'll ever use but those that I have used perform very well . Purchased for 4.4 inch screen and European maps . The ` voice ' of the unit is very clean and understandable .
 This -LRB- nuvi 670 -RRB- is my first GPS . I love it . It directs me to most places . The reason why I gave it a 4 is because the map on my GPS is old and it does not have some of the new highways -LRB- I bought it 4 months back -RRB- . However it has directed me very well in cities like Boston , NY , CapeCod , St. Louis etc. . However it is not very good on rural street roads because the map is old . It does not stick to my windshield . But this is not an issue . I am happy with it , it directs me pretty well . In St. Louis it directed me in the opposite direction on a one way street . But when I did not go on it , and went the opposite way it `` recaluated '' and directed me to the highway -LRB- which is what I wanted -RRB- . When ever possible I back it up with printouts form mapquest . But I have yet to use these backups . I am happy with it .
 This is the first gps that I own . I went to the US and to drive around I used de Garmin Nuvi 660 and liked it a lot . So I had to get one for myself for back home in Europe . Needless to say I am very pleased with this product . I had to buy de Nuvi 670 instead of de 660 because its the one that already comes with maps preloaded for all of Europe.I was kind of doubtfull on how precise these maps would be back in Spain . So as soon as I could , I went for a spin to tryout the new GPS . I was completly astounded as I saw that it had all the major roads with all the names correctly situated and not only that , it also had al the little back roads with names and all . I was very impressed with the quality of the maps . It was definitly a good buy . I definitly recomend it to anyone who plans on making a trip to Europe . You can drive around all Europe map free just with the help of your nuvi 670 and it also alerts you were there 's a possibility of a radar . Simply Great . I use it all the time now .
 We found the Garmin 670 to be extremely user friendly and fun to use . It it right on so far and we 've had it now for a month . We 'd purchased a Magellan prior to this purchase and took it back because it seemed awkward and difficult to use . The Garmin is easy to view , understand , and finding other places of interest is a snap . We highly recommend this product , especially the Garmin n&uuml;vi 670 4.3-inch widescreen along with the portable mount sold on Amazon . We have n't yet had the chance to use the bluetooth feature ... it 's coming tho ' ... ; - -RRB-
 For a GPS unit the Nuvi 670 provides a great screen , clear voice guidance , and excellent routing . If you plan on using the Nuvi for hands free bluetooth , it is a neccessity to have a AUX input on your car stereo to plug the Nuvi into . While the built in speaker has good volume it does not work well at freeway speeds with the additional road noise . The headphone output on the Nuvi allows you to plug into a AUX stereo input to give you good sound through your car stereo . The FM transmitter is useless ... way too much static . The MP3 player is a nice feature and I use it all the time when I get tired of listening to the radio commercials .
 This Motorola 850GP Wireless Card is a wonderful companion for the Motorola 850GP Broadband Wireless Router . As Motorola says on their website : `` Wireless Notebook Adapter WN825GP - PERFORMANCE ENHANCEDWith Motorola 's WN825GP Wireless Notebook Adapter , laptop computers are free to join and enjoy all the benefits of an 802.11 g wireless home or small office network . More than just a key to network access , it 's also a laptop 's ticket to roam.Once connected , you can share a single broadband connection with everyone else on the network . And that 's just the beginning . You can also share files , pictures , peripherals , printers and more . You 'll need one for each laptop.With built-in Performance Enhancement technology , the WN825GP gives you an extra boost to make the most of your wireless network . Just match it with Performance Enhanced base stations and enjoy sharing information across your network up to 35 % faster than with traditional 802.11 g solutions . `` I have personally been VERY impressed with the combined performance of this 850GP Card and corresponding 850GP Router , even in our thick `` soundproof '' walled condo ... never having a signal drop at all . Overall , very high-quality products .
 Durable , excellent . It 's an old model , but for Internet cyber , where different kinds of people use them ; these are a very good alternative . High volume .
 According to its price , it 's good . Its mic 's quality could be a bit better , but the sound is being heard good enough . I know I could n't get a better headset than this with the price I paid ; as I tried many headsets , cheap or expensive ones .
 Great batteries and charger . Well worth the money that I paid . I just want to how I can buy more of these batteries for this charger . Can you help?rfreeze
 I bought the Olympus B-50SU 4 AA NiMH Batteries and Chargerby Olympus along with Olympus camera . The battery life meet our target , I can take a lots of pictures that I wishes . I recommend it for everyone who do n't want to change the battery after a few shots .
 Are these batteries rated at 1700mAhrs or 1840mAhrs as previously suggested in other reviews below ??? Its quite a premium to pay over other brands ... but the quality should be excellent from my past experiences with OLYMPUS .
 Excellent , simply excellent . A must have .
 I just received this charger today , and have n't had a chance to use it yet , but I wanted to state a couple of things about it.I recently acquired a digital camera and needed to buy some rechargable batteries and a charger for it . As the B-40SU model was no longer available , and I could n't find any other reasonable priced brands , I decided to go with the B-50SU . Since there was not yet a manufacturers or a editorial description , nor any reviews of it , I was hoping there would be some improvements over the older model . It appears to be the same as the 40 model . There is no trickle charge when the batteries are done charging . There is only a light that idicates the batteries are charging . The manual states that when the light goes out , be sure to disconnect the plug from the outlet . The manual says 1-2 batteries will charge in 115 minutes , and 3-4 batteries will take 230 minutes.Something else to be aware of is that although I ordered model B-50SU , the packaging stated the model was BU-50SU . That may be nothing to worry about . But what makes me wonder is why the actual unit says it is a model BU-200 . As I stated , I have not yet had a chance to use this unit other than to plug it in . I am giving it five stars because I have no reason to believe otherwise at this point .
 This battery and charger came with my Olympus , and I get on average 80-120 pictures out of them , which is much better than my weaker batteries of 1500 or less MAH . Two sets usually last me for a day or weekend trip without charging . Plus with this charger , I do n't need to find an outlet which can accomodate the charger size -LRB- via flip down prongs -RRB- , since it has an AC cord which runs directly from the very small brick charger .
 Well , I just got this battery pack with my new Olympus C5050Z , so to say the lease I have not run them down yet . But , after taking a closer look at this product I found out that this is the same unit as my also recently purchased Maxell batteries . That unit was only -LSB- $ -RSB- . Same charger , same batteries just a different name . I plan on getting more of these.Over all these batteries seem to be doing a great job with little show of energy depletion ; and I can tell you that I have had the monitor on for everything !
 This charger accepts any input voltage from 100-240 V , so it operates anywhere in the world . There may be others out there that can do this also , but I have not found any . Even the exterior packaging on these chargers do not list the line voltage.I have taken the charger with me throughout the world and it works flawlessly . Unlike some of the universal chargers for camcorders which tend to overheat and undercharge batteries when operated on 240V , this one works fine . It is not as fast as some of the `` smart chargers '' , but you should always carry an extra set of batteries with you when you are out for the day anyway.The only reason I did not give if 5 stars is that the design is not super compact . The line cable unplugs , but takes extra space in your luggage .
 We somehow managed to displace our original power charger for our olympus camera and so we bought this one . We love how easy it is to use and how quickly the batteries charge . Once charged we seem to have them working for quite some time . Overall it was a great purchase .
 This is a great little charger , although charge times seem to be a little on the slow side . I would recommend , especially to owners of Olympus digital cameras.MichaelFormula67.com
 How much can you say about a battery recharger ? It 's fast , has worked in a dozen countries at least , had it 3 years and not a single problem . Recommend without hesitation . ** Update
 Great charger . batteries need to be discharged / recharged a couple of times to get full power . Great fast charger .
 I have purchased this whole set , Batteries and Charger 8 years ago and I have not purchased another set since ! They are still like the day I purchased them . I am tempted to buy a set just to put away . I had regular durcell batteries I had rechargeables , camera I had a Fuji drained them down quickly and was very frustrating for me . I purchased these and have `` NEVER '' had another experience like that again in years ! Well worth the small amount they are asking especially when you are steady re-purchasing new/more batteries that do n't have the holding/lasting power . Well worth the purchase !!!
 There 's nothing wrong with this at all . It does exactly what it 's supposed to do , even though it seemed to me to be a little slow . Nevertheless , it 's compact , and efficient .
 Excellent product at an excellent price.These batteries will save you money.The previous reviewer who was worried that they push to much energy does not understand . Any battery will only `` push '' what the device will draw . Batteries supply current based on demand and can not `` push '' more.These batteries have a higher maH rating which makes them great for high drain devices not just Olympus cameras.I use these batteries in several other devices and they last longer than other batteries.I was at first annoyed that I had to buy the charger/battery combination instead of only the batteries , but it is nice having spare chargers.Highly recommended .
 Time for some clarification -- on electric theory and model numbers . The 1840 is the amperage -LRB- milliamperage , to be precise -RRB- , NOT the voltage . The amperage shows the storage capacity of the batteries -- the higher the number , the better -LRB- the longer the batteries last per charge -RRB- . If the batteries were higher VOLTAGE , there would be the potential to damage your equipment . However , these Nickel Metal Hydride rechargeables , like all NiMH rechargeables , are actually LOWER voltage -LRB- 1.2 V -RRB- than alkaline batteries -LRB- 1.5 V -RRB- , which could potentially mean some products with battery life indicators show that the batteries are n't fully charged even when they really are , but they certainly wo n't harm your electronics . This lower voltage , plus the fact that NiMH batteries `` drain '' about 10 % per week , even when they 're unused , makes them a poor choice for some devices -LRB- a flashlight , for example , will be dimmer than with alkalines , and will be completely dead if you 've left the light unused in a drawer for a couple of months -RRB- , but they 're ideal for high-drain devices like digital cameras , remote control cars , photo flash units , etc. . I 've used these batteries in digital cameras , CD players , GPS units , and tons of other electronic devices . The Olympus batteries are well constructed and have a high capacity -- I strongly recommend them.On another note , this product is identical to the previous B40SU model -- I learned from an Olympus rep that the only difference is the packaging . `` B-50SU '' refers to the whole package -LRB- charger , cord , and batteries -RRB- , which is why the number on the charger is different -LRB- that 's the model number for the charger itself -RRB- . Hope this helps !
 This is a good recharging AA battery unit . Not too sure the exact changes/improvements this unit has over the old B-40SU system . I own both this one and the Kodak K1000 unit . -LRB- AA battery usage in my household/business is rather common -RRB- . This unit works just as fast as the Kodak unit , if not faster , and has most of the same features . But I like the Kodak unit better.The storage space of the device is very important to me . I do n't like carrying around dead weight that could be eliminated . The Olympus unit is compact , EXCEPT for the extension cord , it takes up more room than the unit itself . The Kodak K1000 is a wall mounted unit , that does not require a cord . It fits perfectly into my camera bag , without any hassle . I 've never had a `` loose '' wall outlet attachment with the Kodak , if I did , I would tighen it by pinching the plug slightly together.This Olympus system and the Kodak system both work very well . Both are compact , both recharge quickly . My preference is the Olympus at home , and the Kodak on the road .
 While I do n't own this charger , the college I teach at has an Olympus camera that came with it . It 's quite small , works well , and is a pretty good deal considering it comes with a set of batteries.Most of the negative comments I 've seen here are due to the fact many people do n't understand the qualities of NiMH batteries . These batteries work well in devices that draw a lot of power , but do n't work well in all devices . They lose about one percent of their charge daily , so I would n't use them in a flashlight unless you plan on recharging them at least once a month whether you use them or not.NiMH batteries are only 1.2 volts , but that 's not a problem in most devices since they hold that 1.2 voltage till they die . An alkaline battery drops slowly from 1.5 volts , and continues to drop slowly till it dies . Problem is , while a NiMH battery can hold a steady 1.2 volts for a long time , it drops in voltage very quickly when it does die . That means if your device has a low battery indicator , it may give you little warning . However , most digital cameras are setup to use NiMH batteries , and their battery indicator is adjusted for this.Also , a NiMH battery must be recycled a few times before it works at full capacity . I put a brand new charged battery in an MP3 player and it ran for less than 2 hours . On the second charge it ran for over 7 hours.So , why not five stars ? There are better batteries and chargers on the market . The newer AA batteries are rated at 2000 mAh , and there are faster , better , `` smarter '' chargers on the market -LRB- MAHA , Rayovac , etc. -RRB- that can charge both AA and AAA batteries . Still , I 've had good luck with this compact charger and the batteries , and recommend it . I also know for a fact the school has abused the heck out of both the charger and batteries and they are still working fine.By the way , make sure and get a second set of batteries for your camera . When you come across Elvis , the Loch Ness Monster and Bigfoot all having a picnic , I guarantee you the batteries in your camera will be dead .
 I have used this charger for over a year with great success . I had wasted a lot of money on other batteries and chargers in the effort to save a little bit in the short run , but when I finally broke down and purchased additional batteries for my charger -LRB- which came with my camera -RRB- , the other batteries and chargers have remained unused in a draw . Which is the only real complaint I have about these batteries - they 're very expensive -LRB- but worth it -RRB- ! I 've used the charger in Sweden -LRB- which is on 220 volts -RRB- and all I had to purchase was a plug adapter to fit the Swedish plug system - a converter was not necessary as this charger senses the voltage coming in and automatically adjusts to it To be able to travel with this charger , and its ability to recharge batteries within just a few hours -LRB- unlike the others I 'd purchased that took almost a day -RRB- are real conveniences I would not give up . If it broke for some reason , I would buy another one just like it . Another great feature it has -LRB- as compared to the other chargers that charge for a specified time -RRB- is the circuitry that detects the existing charge in the batteries ; a partially charged battery will receive only the amount of charge that it needs -LRB- which also cuts down on time -RRB- , which is great for topping up your batteries before a photo shoot or a trip -LRB- remember that NiMH do n't suffer from the memory problems of Nicad batteries have -RRB- . It 's also a pity that Amazon does n't sell the batteries -LRB- only through ... -RRB- - only the charger with batteries . I 've found them a little cheaper than the -LRB- ... -RRB- price of -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- P > Overall , a great product . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 this is great little battery charger . It is TINY and travels pretty much anywhere in the world due to it 's ability to function at different electrical outputs . All you need is a plug adapter .
 The Olympus B-50SU 4 AA NiMH Batteries and Charger is the best ! I used other `` low cost '' chargers and batteries which were completely useless after only a few months . The Olympus charger and batteries are still going strong ! I would highly recommend this product for any camera which uses the AA NiMH batteries . I use them in my Minolta Dimage 5 .
 I bought a Fuji 2800 digital camera , which came with regular batteries . Within 2 hours of use they started running low and my camera would n't flash or capture images -LRB- at a very inopportune moment -RRB- . When my NiMH batteries arrived , I charged them as recommended -LRB- 3 times before first use -RRB- and I 'm still using them and I have n't had to recharge them yet , and it 's been about 3 hours of sporatic use over 2 weeks . I only wish Amazon sold the batteries without the charger , so I can have a second set ready to go whenever . They will definately pay for themselves in a metter of months . I take LOTS of pictures .
 If you are getting Olympus Bu-200 , do n't worry about it . Olympus Bu-200 & Sanyo NC-M54 are both OEMed by the same manufacturer , originally only for sale in the market outside of US . But probably they are imported to replace Bu-50 now . They have 4 independent circuit -LRB- very nice , cost more than 2 independent ciruit you saw in most rapid chargers -RRB- , with - dv , temerature . and max time control . It is well designed , pretty safe , and also provides great performance . The only concern is the price is still a little bit high here if compared to other rapid chargers .
 Great little charger . A little on the slow side . I use it with an Olympus 3000 . Have three sets of batteries , one in the camera , one in the case , one in the charger . Never run out of batteries , even when filling up a 128MB card !!!
 This is the first fire wire I 've ever bought . Although it works perfectly for transferring videos from my minidv , it does n't bend as much as you would want it to . It 's pretty stiff . But , it does n't detach itself from the camera like other firewires do , according to other people . It holds on pretty good .
 I 've got the radio at amazon.com lately . The radio is excellent in any ways , more than just for the money . I give it a `` five star ! '' &Eacute;lan
 Big bang for the buck ; I use this on my kitchen table to listen to the news during breakfast . My only complaint is that it defaults to FM so I always have to switch to AM when turning the unit on .
 This is by far the best inexpensive -LRB- cheap , cheap , cheap -RRB- radio that I have ever bought .
 Excellent multi-band radio for its size . Good sound , good reception across SW bands considering the size of the radio and its antenna . Really ca n't beat it for its price .
 This is the best radio I have had in a long time . Very good sound and easy to change channels . Also , digital so you can actually see the channel you are looking for .
 The sight of this compact radio does not reveal the quality of the reception and the quality of the sound and it tunes digitally too . One would expect to pay a heap more . High quality , low price , convenient . The only other thing I would have liked would be memory presets , but for the price no complaint .
 I bought the Jwin JXM for ten dollars because I read a review that claimed it 's better than the Grundig S350 . I was skeptical but intrigued , so I bought the JXM and surprised at how clear the reception is on both AM and FM . This is easily the lightest radio I 've ever held . Like holding a feather . The reception is strong . Do n't waste time or money with an AC adaptor , which will cause interference , just use two double A batteries.Weaknesses
 This is an good radio for kids and travelers . The sound -LRB- monorail only -RRB- is clear and can be improved with earphones or ear buds . Short wave reception can be improved by attaching a long wire -LRB- with an alligator clip on one end -RRB- to the built-in antenna.It makes a good travel radio alarm clock too . The clock and alarm , like everythig else , is easy to set . Manufacturers of more expensive radios -LRB- like China 's Kaito -RRB- could take a lessen in ergonomics from the JX-M14 . Watch out for shipping and handling charges . I purchased my radio for under $ 10.00 ; but GOLD CHIP INVESTMENTS , LTD -LRB- located in Florida -RRB- charged me over $ 11.00 for shipping & handling . The chart provided to predict shipping charges indicated only about half that amount .
 Great replacement for the one that broke . It is identical in every way . Shipping was quick and product is good .
 When I bought the iQue M5 I ordered the leather flip cover as an accessory . I did n't know that the GPS would already have one in the package . So I ended up with two . Since we use the GPS in the car with the suction cup holder we do n't need any cover at all . If you plan to carry the GPS in your pocket , it would be very useful .
 I was n't sure about ordering this since the one review was pretty negative ; but , I decided to try it anyway . It shipped super fast and I installed it right away . My 4 year old daughter likes to have all of her `` important '' things at arms reach in the car , so I needed something to organize the clutter . I ordered 2 , but think I will only need one now that it 's in . I 'll give the other one to my husband for his car . The pockets are pretty big -- we put a good sized fleece blanket in the largest part . There is room for a couple of drink bottles , wipes , movies and a couple of small toys . And , I love the umbrella holder . Her little Dora umbrella fits perfectly.Overall , a great product . Now , lets see how durable it will be . I will write another review if I find that it does n't wear and tear well .
 I bought these for our Lewis and Clark grand adventure . They took a lot of abuse from little boys , and did not rip , tear , or break . One son loaded his with all the special rocks he collected , plus matchbox cars . It must have weighed 20 pounds . No problem.The strings that keep it tight against the seat back have a tendency to come undone , but the clip around the headrest is strong enough to handle it . After a while , I stopped trying to retie them and just let the things dangle.I 'm going to shake the sand out and save them for next year .
 My kids and I just love it . It holds everything they can put in it and more . It is a lot bigger than I thought it would be , which is great because of storage in the SUV . Now I do n't have to worry about their stuff rolling around everywhere or having others step on DS 's and games , everything has its place and is put there . LOVE IT !!!
 My 7 year old no longer leaves footprints on the back of my tan car seat . No longer do I hear crunches of stepped on toys . Instead he 's able to easily access his books and toys .
 They love it because it stores a ton of stuff and they can reach it while riding.I love it because it keeps their dirty feet off the back of our seats.Top adjust and bottom ties reach the seat rails and tie in just great.Great for the price .
 I use this in my jeep Cherokee and it works great so far ! My seats do n't even have a removable headrests and it still works !
 I bought this to organize my kid-crazy backseat , and it works perfectly for that purpose . The largest bottom pocket is only big enough for a standard-sized Thomas Guide if you do n't want to be able to secure the pocket closed with the velcro strap . That being said , it fits a couple of magazines and kids activity books just fine . It has a pocket big enough for a deck of cards , one that will hold a water bottle , another that is the perfect size for one of those small , travel first aid kits , another that will hold some folded-up napkins and a vomit bag , and a smaller one that can hold a few pencils/markers . I would recommend this for anyone who has a backseat that looks like a blowover from your kids room . You will not be disappointed .
 I like Case Logic design and quality , so I ordered this even though the photo looks a bit sketchy . Luckily , it looks better in person and the quality seems good . I ordered two , one for each kid . Our front seats do have a built-in rear pocket , but having an organizer for the kids serves a two-fold purpose . One , it protects the back seat from their shoes , as they both seem compelled to press against the front seat . And two , it organizes their snacks , books , toys , etc , so the rear seat seems less like a disaster area.The bottom ties are the weak link , but a little adjusting by undoing the loops -LRB- which lengthens each string -RRB- and then tying good knots did the trick .
 I have a similarly priced , slightly larger -LRB- NOT in a good way ! -RRB- bag in my car now . I needed something a little less like a giant dufflebag hanging off my seat ! This fits perfectly behind the seat , secures to the bottom of the seat -LRB- if you choose -RRB- , -LRB- or in my case -RRB- and swings around nicely to the front seat and fits PERFECTLY between the bolstering on the seats in my Mustang ! Only ONE complaint ! A little less of the `` net/mesh '' compartments would be nice ! I work with a lot of electronics , small parts , and expensive accessories in my vehicle ... I 'm limited in the sense that this bag `` shows '' anything you put in most of the slots and anything small or sharp will fall fall through -LRB- at least partially -RRB- . I DO love the center cup holder though ! Great feature for my back seat as I barely have room for a person , let alone a cup holder ! May buy another
 Nothing to say really , it is a simple product . That does what it says it does and its nice to see that . I am very happy with it .
 So far so good . I installed this into my Honda Odyssey on the passenger seat and I tied the bottom down . It fits an immense amount of stuff . I 'm really happy !
 I bought this so my son could have a pocket to stash his car stuff in . So far so good . The price was good .
 just delighted . picture quality is beautiful . only have used it with cable hook up so far and external antenna . hd picture is great . box was packed with care and attention . could n't be more pleased . speakers are surprisingly good - even more so with hd broadcasts . some people have commented about the channel numbers appearing small on the screen , but i can see them well without straining . cable takes care of that anyway.customer support is wonderful . i had a question about picture adjustment when i first got cable , and customer service called me back reliably , and even followed up the next day . i felt that they really cared . that 's pretty rare these days . originally , i was concerned about customer service because its a bit of a risk buying a tv on the net . i 'm not concerned about that anymore.truly a good buy . got mine for $ 599 . still a good buy at the current price.glad i got it ! : -RRB-
 Very high quality Display for a very low price , was skeptical about buying at first , but finally went for it . The picture is amazing , I have mine now for only 6 days , love every minute of watching it , the black level could be a little bit better though , but for everything else I do n't think you can find something better anywhere near this price range.The only reason I do n't give this unit a five is because of the remote and on screen display .
 El mejor Televisor y monitor jamas visto
 Super cheap , good for listening to NPR on my walk to and from work . Have already gotten my money 's worth .
 It works for exactly what I need it for . The stations fade and overlap at times but for the cheap price what do you want ? It 's great for walks although the station fade is something you have to work with .
 The Sony ICD-BM1 is great for the purpose it is designed for - speech ! It is ok for recording live music for reference purpose , but has a limited high end -LRB- 13.5 khz -RRB- . The instructions are available through support at the Sony website . They can be downloaded in pdf -LRB- adobe -RRB- format and the print size can be enlarged by using the zoom button on the tool bar . < < < JJ >> >
 I bought this recorder to use at our music sessions and it 's ease of use , small size , software interface , has been a real treat .
 The Jwin player itself is great . I would recommend this to anyone . The problem is , it was misadvertised , it DOES NOT play MP3s , only CDs .
 Just bought this charger , and hooked it up to my 12Vdc riding lawn mower battery , charged it with 40 Amps for 10 minutes , then 2 Amps for 15 minutes , and then the mower with a V-Twin cylinder 22BHP Engine started on the first crank after a very cold winter . Would of been nice if the mfg. would put a couple brackets on the back of unit for AC power cord and two cables instead of having to wrap them around the handle . Very nice charger/booster with the 200Amp capability . Would purchase again , and stay away from the smaller units with no booster .
 I really like this charge because it is so versatile . I can use the 2 or 10 amp settings for smaller batteries and still have plenty of power to quickly start cars with the 200 amp settings . My unit arrived in good condition and works great .
 work ; s great around the house are in you ; re shop are were ever you might need it .
 So far I have been pleased with my new charger.As is often the case , the assembly of the an item causes the most headaches . For the most part the assembly went smoothly . However , there was a small manufacturing defect when mounting this devices 's handle.The handle is attached to the charger 's rear sheet metal using 4 self-tapping screws . These screws go through holes drilled through the handle and engage pre-punched holes in the sheet metal . 3 of the 4 holes in the sheet metal were correctly punched . Hole number 4 was more of a dimple than a hole and the self-tapping screw was unable to get enough `` bite '' to thread itself into the sheet metal.I used a small punch to elongate the dimple/hole enough for the self-tapping screw to get a purchase . The handle was then properly attached to the sheet metal and the rest of the assembly was completed without any other issues .
 the `` on '' knob came off the first time i turned it on.I took it apart and has been fine ever since .
 I had an old Schumacer , and the transformer finally gave out -LRB- It was over 10 years old -RRB- . I purchased this one and could not be happier , TONS of features , easy to use and well built . Great performance for the price . If you are looking for an all-in-one battery charging solution for your garage , this is it .
 The charger was well worth it 's price . The one thing I would like to havewith the charger is an automatic shut off when completly charged function.But , I knew this before I purchased it .
 This is a fine product for the price . The clamps are a little flimsy but nothing I ca n't live with or , I 'll change them . The unit performs exactly as I expected . If you are looking for a heavy duty unit , more on the commercial order , you will need to step up to Schumacher 's top of the line offerings . Of course , you will pay substantially more . Again , this is a fine unit for the price .
 Charger is what i wanted isnt a big surprise because of the brand name Schumacher SE-4022 . I would recommend this product to anyone.Works great .
 If you often find yourself saying , `` They just do n't make them like they used to , '' then this is the best bang for the buck for you . Everything about this charger is analog
 I replaced an old Sears Craftsman 200A charger with this one which is superior in every respect to the 1982 `` commercial '' model that finally failed . Opening the old charger revealed that the diodes separated although the transformer was in fine condition . I think the old one was on its third or fourth power cord . Sears online parts diagram shows no replacement diodes are available , so the old one went to the metal recycle bin . After looking at the chargers being marketed today , I found this one and a few other models made by Schumacher are sold under the Craftsman label for a higher price . I went with the Amazon unit and a free-shipping opportunity for 2/3 the Sears price . This unit has a timer and larger capacity than the one it replaced . Go for the timer model because otherwise you are likely to ruin a battery by overcharging.Schumacher is a well-established company making quality products . They made the Craftsman branded unit that failed , but with no parts available repairs require some re-engineering . I checked Schumacher and could not find either a schematic or diode specifications for repair . Evidently these days they keep all really useful information locked away in their lawyer 's file cabinet , and most likely all relevant parts can be found only somewhere in China .
 This came unassembled , but was very easy to assemble . It is really handy , and works very good . I am surprised at the quality for the price . Could n't go wrong with it . It was a present for my husband and a very pleasant surprise . I did n't assemble it either , although it was so easy I could have . The same charger sold in stores like Sears for much more money , and other places on the internet .
 The charger works great , I did have to re-drill the holes for the handle bar , they were to small for the factory screws that came with it . The cheapest I found this charger for at the stores in my area was $ 220.00 so I think it 's a great price . The clamps , cables and everything else seems well made and it has worked fine the 4 times I 've used it . I do n't understand all the hubbub about the meter , I bought it to charge batteries and all my vehicles have amp meters to monitor the charging system . I would recommend this to someone .
 Have not used it yet so I ca n't comment on that , but I was able to assemble it perfectly -LRB- contrast this with Sears battery charger where the holes do not line up and half the screws were stripped out -RRB- . It was packed great -- could have been air dropped to the house . Highly recommend .
 I was sick of dead batteries , and even more disgusted with having to buy replacement batteries . -LRB- Yes , I 've had trickle chargers . No matter what , the batteries still died when not in constant use . -RRB- So now I take the mostly dead battery and give it a BIG 200A boost and the equipment starts right up . -LRB- So , you may ask , what happens if you kill the mower away from the charger / booster ? You start another mower and tow it back . -RRB- The Schumacher SE-4022 does exactly what I needed it to !
 Got this for hubby for Christmas . He loves it . It is everything he thought it would be . The shipping was a great deal and it got here in time for the holiday . Perfect job Schumacher and Amazon ! The battery tester and charger are great . We have yet to try the independent jumper cable option .
 The product is everything I expected . Great product . The problem was that my old one died and I needed this in a hurry . I paid an extra $ 60.00 for `` Express Shipping '' . Yeah , right ! I ordered it on a Saturday , fully expecting it to ship 1st thing Monday , but the order did n't even get processed until Tuesday . I finally received it Friday evening . I am very disappointed in the company 's `` Express Shipping '' attitude .
 This wheeled charger works really well for the money . Not that it was at all difficult to put together , but if you are a &#34; read the instructions &#34; kind of person , ... the instructions really leave alot to be desired . At one point , I had a screw fall inside the case and had to open it up to get it out.Two changes I would make ... 1 , I would have a hook to hold the cables when not in use . 2 . I would have printed on it , more details about when to use the specific settings , and for how long . I dont use these every day , and always find myself wondering ... should I fast charge ? Or Slow Charge ? And for how long on each ? The insanity !!!!
 This item is exactly what I wanted and it works perfectly . I would buy it again . And it shipped very fast too .
 This is what my husband has wanted to find for sometime . I have waited for our local stores to put his on sale . But none could beat the Amazon price . One thing we were looking for was the 6v setting . As this is handy for our antique tractors . And it also has a timer so you do n't have to go and shut it off.Great product !
 Dad loves it so far , but time will tell how long it will hold up but we are optimistic because his last one was great until someone stole it
 I bought this product for my dad and he really likes this product ... it works great and he has not had any problems with is so far .
 Bought this for significant other , so I am reviewing on his feedback , but he is very pleased with the charger and both of us were pleased with the price .
 this is a great all around battery charger and it has a timing feature and a battery tester as well as charging and jumpstarting -- great product with good pacaging !! thx again sunshinemacaroni
 Purchased this battery charger to replace the one I purchased in 1998 . Does a great job of charging and boost charging battery for imediate starting of tractors and trucks . Only disappointment was that the old one was MADE IN THE USA and the new one is Made In Mexico .
 This charger does exactly what its makers claim it will do . It has met every challenge I 've thrown at it on our small family farm ; tractors , trucks , cars , garden tractors.Assembly was quick and easy and it arrived damage free.I 'm completely satisfied.Bob
 This is just what I wanted , expected , and needed . It charges batteries of all types , but just as importantly , it has a starter feature which allows me to get my tractors going when batteries are low . It is not a so called `` smart '' charger in that it does not read when the battery is fully charged and then stops charging . It does have a timer , however , and if in doubt , just dial in some required time and come back later . I love it . I had bought one similar about 15 years ago or more , and it lasted all this time even though exposed sometimes to the elements . Good purchase .
 I will be using this tester and charger for our RV . I know this is a quality product since I 've read the reviews and look forward to years of service this product will provide .
 Unit performs as advertised . Works really well for a quick charge of my solar system battery bank of 8 batteries when it has been cloudy and the solar system is not optimum . Got here very quick . I am indeed pleased with this product . Barry Bryan , Huntsville , Alabama .
 real nice little charger . time will tell how reliable it is . so far so good !!!!!!
 It works great , much better then the small trickle charger/maintainers . I got it on sale , and it paid for itself by saving an Optima red top that no other charger could recognize . I lost the wheel retainer hubs before assembly and Schumacher sent me two new ones no questions asked .
 The Schumacher SE-4022 battery charger has , so far , performed flawlessly . It has versatile settings , volt and amp readouts , and is simple to use . This particular design has been around for many years and it really works . If you need a battery charger with wheeled mobility , this is the one . . , or one like it from Schumacher .
 This charger is a very nice charger . Prospective buyers should be aware -LRB- I was -RRB- that there is no automatic shut-off when battery is fully charged . There is a timer to regulate the length of charging time . I did not realize by the specs & write up that the `` tester '' was a simple volt meter . I already own 3 or 4 of those on different testers . Even though there is a convenience factor to the meter being mounted in the charger - I would not have paid so much more for it had I realized a voltmeter was all that it is . Also I would have liked to see a sturdier set of wheels & tires that would make it roll better in gravel & dirt . I am certain that the high quality of this charger will give me many years of service . The 3 year manufacturers warranty is great . Shipping time was excellent .
 I bought this charger after my hand held smart charger stopped working . I wanted a charger that had ample boost capability . I have used this charger a couple of times now and has worked flawlessly . I 'm very pleased with its performance and very happy with the price . Please be aware that this is NOT a smart charger . I have owned several smart chargers -LRB- both high quality , $ 150 and low quality , $ 79 -RRB- in the past and they have all either failed or were not accurate . This unit works very simple . Set the timer select the proper amperage and let it work . If you are unable to operate a manual charger I would recommend searching for good quality smart charger with very good reviews .
 This is a great charger . I ordered it and received it three days later with standard shipping charges . Pretty impressive huh !!! The only bad thing is the plastic , injection molded tires that come with the unit . They are hollow and pretty thin . I ca n't imagine they would last any length of time if it is moved around frequently . I did not even put them on the unit . I went to Home Depot and bought some hard rubber tires with metal wheels and had to buy some bushings as the axle on the unit is fairly small . It is now a great unit ! Schumacher should just spend a little bit more for better tires and charge four or five dollars more .
 Fast , free shipping and discounted price made for a great value purchase . Have used to charge dual batteries for diesel trucks . Works great ! Did not start truck in start mode until 10 minutes of charge on completely dead batteries , but that may be normal for any charger in 200 amp start mode . Casing very thin , and wheels light duty , which is just fine unless you are in an abusive environment . The wheels work fine because the unit is not very heavy . I am very happy with this unit and would highly recommend it so long as you know how to calculate how long to charge your batteries -LRB- although the timer could have a larger time range for charging dual , parallel connected batteries -RRB- . This is a manual charger that you can set the charge time for up to 2-1/2 hours at user selectable 40 or 2 amps . I do n't trust my memory to leave it charge in continuous mode .
 This charger is great and has a very good boost mode for quick start when batteries are dead . I see other reviewers here complaining about a shut-off but that 's why this is considered a `` maunual '' charger and not a `` smart '' or `` automatic '' charger . So keep that in mind before you purchase . If you 're looking for a great MANUAL charger this one 's for you if you 're looking for a smart or automatic charger then I recommend theNOCO G750 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 750mA -LRB- .75 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintaineras it 's the best one i have personally used on the market .
 WE HAVE ONLY HAD THIS BATTERY CHARGER FOR ABOUT THREE WEEKS NOW , BUT IT HAS PERFORMED VERY WELL . IT IS USED FIVE DAYS A WEEK , AND AT LEAST 2 OR THREE TIMES A DAY AT OUR SHOP . HANDS DOWN IT IS ONE OF THE BEST BATTERY CHARGEERS WE HAVE HAD IN A LONG TIME .
 I live north of seattle and own a lexus that does n't get driven much ... notorious for high battery demand ... found that my automatic charger would n't charge the battery when it was discharged almost completely ... this is a manual charger so you have to watch the timer settings to prevent over charge ... but it works quite well and brought the battery up to charge in a reasonably short time ... I would repurchase another and recommend to a friend .
 excellent machine , does everything i wanted ; quickly delivered too . wish i had ordered it years ago ; thanks
 It 's the best money we 've ever spent on a batter charger . He loves that he can wheel it around -LRB- he has a bad back -RRB- , has a tester on it , and it charges batteries in no time . A very good product !
 This charger works great arrived fast and well packed it was a great price easy to put together if you need a good charger this is the one
 I had a small charger for a couple of decades that finally gave out . Living in a rural area I needed something that would start the diesel engines on my truck and tractor . It does a great job .
 Order this to replace a name brand tool companies charger that died after a couple o years of use . Arrived early and was easy to assemble . Works great and is exactly as stated in the description . Very pleased with this purchase . Priced this locally and it was $ 50 + than what it is on Amazon !
 This is the second of this brand of charger that I have purchased . The timer on the first one quit after about 5 years but the charger still worked until it was lost in a fire . The 200 amp start option is great for winter conditions . Definitely worth the money . The auto sensing shutoff feature would be nice though
 So , I wanted to combine a few chargers that I already had , and gain the capability to start a dead vehicle . Also , I wanted to be able to turn the charger on and have it shut itself off on its own . No more writing notes to remind me the charger is on ! This one seems to fit the bill . Everything works well so far . I have 9 cars/trucks and there 's always one or two of them that need a little help . From trickle to start , and both 12 and 9 volt . Great charger .
 Product works great and is a vast improvement from the smaller trickle chargers/conditioners if you 're wanting to actually quickly jump a dead battery . Assembly was quick and easy , packing was good and had no damage . The wheels are cheap and chintzy but seem to work well enough in my dirt floor pole barn . Starts my cars and tractors without a problem , should have bought years ago.Update
 A must have for the auto technician with the cold weather on the way , I thought it was priced right and performs well
 even though it was damaged in shipping this charger works great and i would recomend it to anyone it charges fast and since it has a fan it does not over heat like most chargers
 Bought this as a gift and have used it at home and at the neighbors . Even truck it to town to help relatives . Works on the Massey Ferguson Tractor right down to the quads and everything in between . Love it . and the price was great too !!!
 I have 6 of these on my office computers . When the power goes off , they shutdown my computers weather I am there or not . reat item . They have always worked . Good battery life .
 Tripp Lite INTERNET550SER 550VA UPS Compact Low Profile Standby 8 outlets w / DB9 PortWe have been using our Tripp 550SER since October 2008 . It meets our expectations for a great surge and small back up power supply . It would be nice if there were an option to turn off the beep alarm when the standby power is running.This is a great unit .
 Originally purchased a similar product by Trip Lite five years ago for another computer and it is still working fine . Therefore , buying this UPS for an new computer was an easy choice . In additon , the compact size is a plus .
 It has worked well . The beeping is to signal that an electrical surge has damaged the product -LRB- but saved the computer -RRB- . We have several for the office and they allow us to keep working during short outages .
 Can find no fault with UPS -- it sits there and does it 's job . Have used it 24/7 for a couple of months with no problems .
 No trouble out of this unit . Keeps me from any data loss . from power spikes .
 I just had the video circuit board repaired in my TV due to a lightning outage -LRB- 1 to 2 seconds -RRB- for $ 245.00 . I have had this unit in service for about six months for my home theater system including my TV . It handled several lightning interruptions flawlessly . I know there are better units specifically made for home theater systems , but they cost a LOT more than this one . Just make sure that you do n't overload the unit with too much equipment -LRB- or buy a larger unit -RRB- . Add up the amperage of your equipment . Especially protect these new HDTV systems . The repairs are astronomical and these lightning hits can really cause them damage.My computer is protected with a larger UPS . Ask any repairman - they will tell you that surges and drop-outs keep them in business !
 It just sits there and works . Hookup was easy , and there are plenty of outlets . I hope it never gets the actual lightening test but am reasonably confident it will operate as advertised .
 It 's a good Motherboard , if you do n't want to spend a lot of money this is perfect , the only thing I did n't like is , the product description does n't specify you must have a 24 pin Power Supply , so , when my MoBo arrives , I change my old one , the CPU and video card , and could n't use it becuase I have a 20 pin Power Supply , I had to buy a new PS .
 This is a good cheap option to an entry machine , i like a lot the integrated graphics because they are capable to run old 3d games like unreal tournament or an oldie nfs , it has the necesary for a workstation computer , worked very well , i have used biostar since long time ago and never have problems with their items
 This motherboard works very well and very fast . I find that NOT EVERY software program runs with my Operating System or the 64-bit motherboard but most things like the internet and video games seem to accept it very well and Command and Conquer is running the smoothest that I have ever seen !
 Here , in Canada the price of battery replacement for my Coolpix 8400 camera , is high , and the battery is hard to get in camera stores.With the purchase of the Nikon MB-CP10 pack , I can use easy to get alkaline cells , or rechargeable ones , very easily.The camera weights a little more , but I dont have to worry about getting power for my camera .
 I did n't like the original suggested retail price and put this off purchasing more essential accessories for my Nikon 8400 . Wa-La ! The price drops 50 % or more , cheap-o bucks and I did it . Actually , its only a battery pack , but when that special Litho battery dieds or no replacements are around , slap in a set of the ever common AA 's or AA rechargeable batteries and I 'm back in business . I also like the additional shutter release for vertical photos and the extra heft in weight it gives the camera . The battery access cover needs to be twisted off -LRB- very easy -RRB- to allow the CP10 to slip into the 8400 , but they have a storage spot for the cover so it never can be lost or left somewhere . All said in done , I 'm glad I have mine . Again , especially at these prices .
 They did just what i needed them to do . they are nice and sturdy and the terminal bolts are gold plated for stellar connection buy them they are cheaper than the locals yet great like the pros
 I needed a tank bag for my Kawasaki Concours 14 . This works perfect . Holds my Iphone or other mp3 player and I plug in my headphones from the outside . I also can store sunglasses and gloves but that 's about it with the Iphone . I got some rain on it while parked at work ... everything inside was dry . It 's not really a hard shell but the outer skin is stiff and holds its form . Looks good and very functional . Only negative for me is the bag is n't hard and shiny like the bike .
 PURCHASE CASE FOR GRAND DAUGHTER , SHE ATTENDS DANCING CLASSES AND ZUMBA CLASSES ... SHE PLAYS HER DANCING MUSIC AND SHE LOVES HER CD CASE ... I LOOKED ALL OVER FOR A CD PLAYER CASE ... AMAZON WAS A BIG HELP IN GETTING THIS PRODUCT ... GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES THE PRODUCT , SHE STORES HER MUSIC CD 'S AND EAR PHONES IN THE CASE ...
 Look no further - buy this . It is an unbeatable price , ships quickly , a decent product that is the right size , looks good , too . What more can you ask for ?
 this is just what i was looking for . I could not find it anywhere else . Retail stores just are not carrying this item anymore . I use mine everynight when i go to sleep to listen to audio books . luv it
 I do n't know what I would do without this . My Kindle , CD audio player and Sony movie player all fit in for air . plus room for discs .
 This case is well made and makes carrying my portable CD player much easier ! I have enjoyed it and it also has a pocket to carry batteries , etc. .
 Vary Pleased and Happy with the KSDM6 Koskin Portable Cd Player Case . Execellent Cd Case I give it a 10 Out off 10 . AAA + + +
 Bought this as a gift for a young man as a Christmas gift . Neat way to carry your CD player . . I know he 'll enjoy it .
 The perfect case for your portable cd player and 6 of your favorite cds . That can include lots of music and audiobooks on cd in mp3 format . Good leather like material . Enough space for extra aa batteries . If anyone has a mp3 cd player , and if you buy this , you will be a happy camper . I use this case with my Sony D-NF340 CD Player , it 's a match made in Heaven . Recommended 100 % .
 I do n't think I 've seen a nice looking case this functional . Even has a 3.5 mm plug on outside of case with the other end made inside the case so you can plug in your CD player headphone jack . That way your CD player stays protected if you are jogging etc. . I highly recommend this case and I do n't think you 'll find one any cheaper than this . Great looking leather look material with lots of room for additional cds and even your headphones -LRB- earbuds -RRB- . Both seller and product highly recommended !!
 Wonderful product.KSDM6 Koskin Portable Cd Player Case , has lots of room inside for my cd player and pockets for cds that I want to carry with me , also extra pockets inside for my ID and credit cards . The best feature is a wire inside to plug into cd player for headphones while its in the case , my head phones plug in on the outside , love it.The shipping was very fast , got it before christmas , that was awesome .
 I bought this for my new sony walkman . It has a special feature that I enjoy using . You can use the special plug that you plug into your player and then close the case . Then you plug your ear phones in to the outter plug and your walkman is protected .
 I needed a new CD player case and found this one at a great price . I listen to books on CD so I like this design . I wish that it had a waist strap instead of a shoulder strap but these CD cases are very difficult to find .
 Nicely made . Quality better than I expected for the price . Roomy capacity for the Sony unit with places for some of tha accessories ... Yep would buy another ...
 If you 're from these very less people that has left on the Earth still with good oldfashioned CD players :-RRB- then you need this bag . My SONY player fits perfect in that bag . Very good material , you have pockets for some CDs . I 'm very happy with this bag so I highly do recomend it ...
 Everything was good on this case except the outside plug for the ear phones had a short in it and only worked if you twisted it around , and then only worked a short time . I cut it off and use the case without it .
 This is a good case , it holds your portable cd player and 5 cd 's easy . It will hold 6 cd 's if you bend the zipper back out of the way to get the cd in the slot . I like that you can plug your headphones in from the outside of the case , the only thing that I wish was different was the inside wire for the headphones . This wire is pretty heavy so its hard to bend out of the way when putting your player in the case . The wire is also longer then what it really needs to be . The first time I put the player in the case it took alittle effort because of this wire , but now the wire stays where I put it so in and out is not a problem . I would buy this case again .
 I am extremely pleased with this item . It protects my CD player while in transit . There is room for both the player and the CDs and earphones . I would do that again !
 This is basically a standard UPS with three exceptions.First , it is not intended for use on computers and thus does not have a USB connector to tell your computer to shut down when the power goes out.Second , and most importantly , its battery capacity is about 6 times that of a standard UPS . For instance , the Tripplite 700 UPS has a 7aH battery , which will provide 400 watts of power for about 7 minutes . This unit has 2 20aH batteries , for a total of 40aH , and should provide 400 watts for about 35 minutes . My big screen , Onkyo surround system , and satellite dish draw about 200 watts , so in an outage , I can probably watch TV for an hour . If my PVR alone is left on , it can run for 5 hours or longer.Third , this unit has a power meter on it , so you can tell exactly how many watts you are drawing .
 I live off-grid , in an RV . I run the generator to recharge a 300aH bank of batteries for the 12v systems in the RV . But even the smallest , most efficient generator still supplies more power than I need . With the excess power I charge several of these Xantrex PowerSources . They then give me back the AC power I need when the generator is off . I use them to power my internet connection , laptop , cell phone recharges , watching TV/DVD , etc. . As for usage ... I have a 26 '' standard TV w/DVD , and I can watch a DVD for 3 hours or so . My wireless internet dish only draws about 5 watts , and I can keep it powered for days . If you are looking to power just a laptop and cell phone , for 8 hours a day , you could probably last two days with one unit . These batteries should not be discharged down to more than 50 % , and the unit will beep loudly and eventually shut off power , so you do n't get the full use of 400 watts overall , it 's more like 240 . You also do n't really get 400 watts at once , count on only plugging in 300 watts worth of stuff at a time . Even so , given the price per amp-hour of AGM batteries , this UPS is still an incredible deal , just in battery value alone -- and a much better deal considering portability -LRB- luggable , but not too bad -RRB- , and the included inverter and drawdown info . Very easy to use , the readouts on both my units have always worked fine and any beeping that does happen is appropriate and helpful . Family friendly , and relatively idiot-proof . Once I explained how they worked , others who have stayed in my trailer have found them easy to operate and difficult to damage . Anyway , buy a couple of these and you 'll run your generator WAY less often and for a much shorter time .
 This is an early review in that I have not had to witness a lengthy power outage to determine its run-time , but from initial experience it seems to run as expected . Some things I do want to pass on to other people , is that this UPS is like most others , even though its from an inverter specialist , and will not operate on an existing modified sine-wave inverter . This wo n't bother most people however . Others should just note that it is very large as is needed for the run-time it is able to offer , and weighs a good amount too . It does not have a continous audible alarm when operating in backup mode . The documentation states it is a modified sine wave inverter , however I have not checked to see what the exact output looks like . I do n't have any delicate equipment connected , so I can not know if it would cause buzzing from audio equipment or picture distortion in video equipment.If you require a long run-time from a quiet back-up system this is an ideal solution . I use it to back-up power to my weather monitoring computer because I am gone too much during the day to activate my manual backup system .
 I bought this battery backup unit to safeguard my work on my computer from power outages . I got it just in time . In the past week , there were two very short power interruptions , and I was able to continue working and downloading without any problems . The PowerSource 400 switched to battery power smoothly and kept my computer , monitor , and DSL modem performing normally while the power was out . When the power came back on , it quickly charged back up ready for the next outage . The PowerSource 400 performed as advertised . I am very satisfied and would highly recommend this battery backup unit to anyone who depends upon computers throughout his or her workday .
 This is a really unusual product in that it can run for about an hour on full power -LRB- 400 watts -RRB- , or lots of hours with a light load.If you need to stay powered up , and are concerned about intermittent AC power service , this unit is quite nice . It has 26lbs of lead acid batteries -LRB- 2 12v 20ah batteries -RRB- inside , which cost a minimum $ 50 each to replace . So you are getting over $ 100 of value just in the battery of system.It is not as `` smart '' as some computer oriented UPS units with USB and ethernet ports , which often drive higher output loads -LRB- often 1200 or more watts -RRB- , but its battery is quite large for its price point , and its easy to use for most consumers .
 I purchased the Xantrex Technologies 852-0400 XPower PowerSource 400-Watt Back-up Power Solution to provide generator free backup power for the sporadic power outages we have in the Northwest.We are using the Duracell XPower PowerSource to backup for our bedroom lights and radio alarm clock . When the power goes out where we live it is often out for days . When this happens we replace the bulbs in the bedside lights with CFL which helps to keep the overall watt usage down while providing sufficient lighting.Since we only use the bedside lamps for a short time in the evenings before sleeping and the radio alarm clock uses so little power I calculate the product will provide useful power for over four days.I gave the product four stars because the first one I received was defective . The manufacturer replaced the product at no charge . Technical support was very helpful , the RMA process painless , and the replacement was at my door in short order .
 I have only had this product for a few weeks but I have tested it and was quite happy with the result . The switch over from line power to internal power was seamless . The transition back to line power was the same . I had a Desktop PC , small lamp , cordless phone , router , Vonage modem , stereo and speaker switch for my whole house system operating for just shy of two hours before the fifty percent signal sounded . There was no deterioration of performance quality on my phone , sound system , or PC -LRB- Including my Magicjack -RRB- . I really like the display of wattage use , although it is not extremely precise . It was good enough for me to tweak my device choices.I bought this to have a safeguard against my family being left without communication should I not be home to get the generator started in case of an outage . It also provides me a ` no panic ' time frame even if I am home , to get the generator going.I would recommend this product . For the price there is nothing out there to compare . It is a little on the heavy side due to the battery capacity , but I am not planning on moving it so that is not much of a problem . Even though it is heavy it is not bulky and fits under my desk without interferring with my movements.It does not have any USB capability , but that also is not a deterrent for my uses.A reviewer mentioned a bothersome beeping . The unit does signal when there is a status change , but it is not constant . it 's a feature that is more covenient then bothersome in my opinion . I do n't have to concern myself with keeping an eye on it 's status . Having the power off is enough to think about . There is also a fan noise when the unit is recharging itself , but again , it was n't anything that was intrusive , although it was constant for the entire recharge which lasted several hours.This was a small price too pay for a whole bunch of convenience.I am thinking about getting the 1800 watt unit so as to extend my time before having to generate power , since a generator seems mighty noisy at night . I would then be able to use this unit to power lights and other covenience devices . HAVE NOW HAD THE 400 WATT UNIT ALMOST TWO YEARS AND I AM COMPLETELY DELIGHTED WITH IT . IT HAS GOTTEM ME THROUGH SEVERAL POWER OUTAGES SEAMLESSLY .
 I bought this product because I am in the Army and needed a power source available away from vehicles and buildings . This is great ! Smaller size when compared to other products because it does what it is supposed to do . Provide emergency or portable power , and let me tell you it delivers . It does not have useless feature I did n't want such as
 The xantrex unit works as advertised . It is heavy , but offers enough capacity to run computers or other equipment for several hours instead of several minutes like other smaller backup power supplies . I have three of these and would recommend them to anyone looking for a portable AC power source or a backup power source for power outages .
 Have run a 31 '' TV , Dishnetwork reciever , DVD player , portable computer , wireless telephone/answering machine and flourescent lamp for combined totals of 5 watts to 130 watts with no noticeable effects when switching between ac input and operating of internal batteries . Works great .
 I have had them all and this is by far the best ! Compared to others , this one has the horsepower to do what you need it to do , including enough energy to last quite a while as well as powering when it is plugged in and taking over when it needs to .
 Bought because it weighed more than any other battery backup at Best Buy.Used for emergency backup for Sleep Apnia Respironics machine.Took camping many times . Ran the machine for multiple nights.Had five years . . still works great . I `` sleep '' better knowing its there for me . .
 I use this as a backup for my nano marine aquarium . It will keep the pump going for 14 hours -LRB- when the power came back on -RRB- at 12 watts . Great for those Florida power outages ! Highly recommend . I could only kill it when I had the 2 pumps and the chiller going , and that was 2 hours later.Worth every penny . Plus , no beeping ! Just a pretty blue light .
 I love it ! I bought it for my husbands birthday cause our power goes out all the time . Twice just last week we were the only people for blocks that had light , tv , dish network , and a clock . It was amazing . The only thing we could n't plug into it was the airconditioner . lol
 It works as advertised but it has two major drawbacks
 This UPS is great , we have 4 of them and all are used on our servers . Depending on what we have plugged into it they run from on hour to eight hours . The only down side to this UPS is the weight and the fact that it does n't have a usb input so that you can attach it to a computer to have the computer shutdown when the battery is getting low .
 My unit only beeps once , when it starts up after a power failure.The owner 's manual is OK -LRB- There is a website -- I did not use it . -RRB- I will probably be getting a 2nd one soon .
 I have had this product for over a year , and happy to make comments . It performs as advertised . I have a desktop , monitor , cable modem , and wireless router plugged in . It has performed very nicely during power outages . Excellent product . I would buy again .
 This is a good product . I work in places sometimes where I have to sit in my vehicle for 8 hours and I want to run my laptop , charge my cell phone , or watch tv . I tried The Power Source and it works great . I was using the battery jumpers from Sears , and they suck . I had the one with the cigarrette lighter on it , so you have to have an adapter to plug in a cord for electronics . With the battery jumpers , my laptop would not always be charging although it was plugged in . With the Power Source it was always on charge when it was plugged in and it even fully charged my laptop . My Sears batter jumper never did that . The Power Source is a bit heavy at 35lbs . but it is worth it . I like the fact that you can have the batteries replaced after they burn out .
 I work as an online teacher and live in Costa Rica , where we have more than the occasional brown outs and black outs , so it is important that I have a back up if the power goes out . I reluctantly bought this because I did not want to pay so much for a battery which may or may not give me power enough to stay connected to the cyber classroom . My power was out for more than an hour and twenty minutes and I was able to keep teaching since the battery kept my desktop , 19 LCD monitor and my modem up and running for the entire time ! I am really impressed .
 This is the best UPS out there in terms of longevity and price as compared to other UPS . My electricity goes out quite often and I have major school work deadlines to meet . It saved me more than once in the short month I 've had it . It does what it says . I was able to get 7 hours running a lap top , printer , modem , and a light set on 50 Watts . In addition I was able to run a boom box on it for 2-3 hours over the 7 hours stated . I like the beeping warning it gives and that it shows the percentage of battery life left . The only drawback is the ability to charge a battery like the one in a lap top . It does do it , but may cause damage to it if you want to take the chance . This is clearly stated in the owner 's manual .
 When cruise ships arrive to Old San Juan and stay until midnight , you can have 3 to 4 lamps with spiral shaped 13watt bulbs that illuminate like 60 watt bulbs and you have power for 4 nights in a row @ 4 hours per night.However , to extend the life of it , I recharge it nightly . Works great since june and should last quite some time . Much , much better than the ones with jump start feature .
 The Xantrex portable powersource has allowed us to go mobile at outrigger canoe races with a fully powered laptop , a printer and keep an Ipod charges while it 's hooked up to sound system.Great product
 You can use this when it is unplugged from the wall outlet . Most UPS 's do n't recommend that . This product works as advertised , and I got it for a great price from Amazon . Unfortunately , shortly after I bought it the price went up significantly ! The blue LED on the back is useful for when the power goes out in the dark . It illuminates the outlets in the back so you can see to plug things in.By the way , for an average 70 Watt load , I used it for 6 hours -LRB- disconnected from AC power -RRB- and according to its battery meter , I would have been able to get another 2 hours out of it , for a total backup time of 8 hours . I 'm using this for my home networking equipment and Verizon FIOS .
 This is a high tech product . I as a friend want to tell you that you will enjoy this product . The quality and the unique design of this camcorder is very unique .
 I have worn out two other camcorders in the past 18 years . When I decided to replace my most recent one , I wanted something that would have an LCD screen , be comfortable to hold , and be easy to operate . I also did n't want to spend a lot of money . With a little research , I found the PV-L452 , and was delighted with its list of features , including the capability of taking digital still photos ! After purchasing it , I charged the battery and read through the instruction book , then began shooting . The camcorder is a nice weight , heavy enough to feel solid , but light enough to be held without fatigue , with conveniently placed controls . The zoom operates cleanly and crisply . The camcorder includes a number of special effects , and once connected to my computer , editing was a snap ! This is a wonderful camcorder for the price , with plenty of high end features for those of us that enjoy videotaping , yet is easy enough for a novice to pick up and take great video right away . The digital still feature takes very good photos , better than I had expected ! I would not hesitate to recommend this camcorder !
 I bought this camera with my money , and i have never been happier with anything else . The resolution is great , its got many effects , and the digital camera works great . One thing I love about the digital camera is that you can hook up the camera to the TV , turn on the digital camera , and play the pictures , creating a slide-show . I really like the way the camcorder part is easy to use ; I was able to teach myself how to use it and I 'm a first time user . So , it is a great first time use camera .
 I have wanted a video camera for years and years . When I finally decided to get one , I chose this one . I read all the reviewers comments , and compared it to other products . I even found it here on Amazon for ... less than I saw it at another online store . As for using it , so far it 's been easy to figure out . And the videos are bright , crystal clear and colorful -- both indoors and out . I still have to play with it a little bit -LRB- it 's my first camcorder ever -RRB- but I have the basics down pat . Indoors and out , my family and I are having a ball with this . I agree with the others who said it 's a great first camcorder . *************** June 29 , 2004My father died a month ago , and I am the only family member who has him in living , breathing , talking and singing color on video - thanks to this cam . A few weeks after I bought it , I took it with me on a visit to see him . If I thought it was a splurge purchase back when I bought it , it 's value has become priceless as I 've found comfort in these sad times by watching and rewatching the video I made of my dad back in 2002 !
 I think this camcorder/camera is very nice !! I have used it to download pictures and they turn out great . I did have a little problem with it saying that it was not connected but after just trying a few more times it worked . I love it and especially for the price and the accessory kit . I am anxious to use it more !! You can find the memory cards at at good deal . I bought a 64mb one so that I will have lots of room . Lots of gadgets on the camcorder but will take time to figure them all out but I think a VERY good deal for the price !!!
 This is probably one of the best electronics I have bought in a while , the only complaint I have on it is you need good light to take pictures or video tape anything , otherwise it comes out fuzzy and slightly blurry . It works great other than that . I already have transfered about 300 pictures onto my computer and have enhanced and printed them out . I would like to have something smaller to take pictures but I am happy w / what I have until I get some extra $ $ $ to spend on a small digital camera .
 This camera takes amazing quality digital photos . The features are extremely handy for making home movies , incorperating still photos ; It is also nice to be able to get a still photo out of a movie ! I have gotten a lot of compliments on the close-ups I took of my dogs ... no red eye , no blurs ... I also managed to get quite a few wildlife photos because the zoom quality is so good . I could also take a picture of a dew drop on my roses at night . So , that should tell you how good this camera is . The ONLY thing I do not like is the smaller sized video casettes . But , that is pretty standard with camcorders . . and a small price to pay for the size reduction from the much older , more cumbersome models . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I really like this camcorder , easy to use ... nice picture . Instructions are a little hard to follow for a first time user , but once you get used to it , it is great .
 I had some alternator whine that got faster the faster the car went and when I slowed down the whine got slower . This supressor took care of this noise and now everything is clear . Good product for alternator noises . I think this is one of the only noises this supressor counteracts .
 Pros
 So far this PS has worked great . I purchased it mainly because I was interested in having a modular power supply , which this is . -LRB- In case some do n't know , everything besides the main power connector is able to unplug , so if you do n't use some of the different connectors , you do n't have to tie them up and find a place to put them in the case , they just are n't attached , therefore creating less clutter -RRB- . Before this , I had a Antec EarthWatts 500 PS . Only reason I grabbed this , was Amazon had a great price , and I wanted to try out the modular connectors like I mentioned before . No problems whatsoever with this or the other Antec I had . This is a 430 Watt supply , and I power a BFG 8800 GT OC , Q6600 , 1TB Seagate HD just fine ! Very happy with it , and it is very quiet , and does a great job .
 I bought this to replace a 420 watt PS that died while I was awzy from home for a week . I confirmed the diagnosis of dead PS by swapping in an old 500 watt PS before I ordered . The unit was ordered on Thursday evening and arrived Tuesday afternoon ! -LRB- Standard Shipping ! -RRB- I like the modular cables with their mesh wrapping . Very neat . The PC was drawing 7 watts with the old PS when off and 5 watts with the Antec Neo . Power draw while running with the new unit varied between 105-150 watts compared to 150-175 watts with the old PS reflecting the higher efficiency of the Neo . The Neo is also whisper quiet.Cons
 ASUSTEK A8V Delux Motherboard . Replaced an older Antec 500w that got fried when the power went on and off and on and off Christmas morning . Installation was simple and quick . I was back up and running in minutes . Huge difference in sound from the old 2 fan model , and 430 is more than enough to run my Nvidia & Soundblaster PCI cards plus stacked DVD and DVD-R drives . I 've even got a 3.5 floppy for grabbing old files . I still have 3 empty PCI slots and 3 hardware slots , so we 'll see how 430 works when I start pimping my machine out . So far so good . Quiet , quiet , quiet . I wish the DVD drives were as silent as this . Great product . No ASUS problems .
 When I first recieved this particular product I have to admit i was skeptical . I had only bought this product because I was in charge of taping some scenes from a play . But , after using this product I would say that it has the most features and the easiest to use system you will find for anywhere near -LSB- item price -RSB- ! It easy to use , sleek , hideaway LCD screen lets you see exactly what you are taping . It also lets you watch what you taped without having to go to a TV . Overall , what this procuct has to offer is far superior to some of its competitors .
 I was given this video camera by a friend . It `` apparently '' worked when he last used but it seems the lens stopped working and was not picking up a picture . I figured out how to use the camera and all its functions quickly ! The manual was easy to follow and menu was not complicated . I was over all pleased with it other than not being able to get a picture so I called panasonic . They were so helpful they spent a while trouble shooting with me . Even though I did not have a warranty or even buy the product new . They figured out what was wrong and gave me the info I needed to get it to someone who can get it to like new for me . I was so pleased not only with the product but with the service at Panasonic . Since the last reviews were a few years ago I would assume that they have tried to change their customer service !
 I have to say that this product is great , I upgraded to the this one from the hauppauge 150mce and I have to say that its nice . No problems installing it and the Nvidia DVD decoder installs great.I would recomend .
 I liked it a lot but seemed to have trouble charging it . It came in handy when my electricity went out .
 I initially charged this for two days . My first use was to run my cash register at a craft fair . I used it all day and it still shows the charge at 100 % . Granted a cash register does n't draw much juice , but I am very pleased . I really do n't feel it is uncomfortably heavy as many reviewers stated .
 I use this item for outdoor projects and it works just great . Already I have used it once to jump start a vehicle with the attached cables . It works well . No complaints .
 Xantrex XPower Powerpack 600HD Portable Power Source is good for light duty jobs , such as camping or fishing trips when you just need a little bit of power to get you through the day .
 I have a cabin out in Oregon and the power drops alot due to the winds . This the best thing to have because it 's so easy for low power backup .
 Nice unit , heavy duty , -LSB- I -RSB- like the fact it only has to be recharged every 3 months.HOWEVER I can see my unit is reconditioned because of the scratches and nicks on the case . If I had known that I would have NOT purchased it .
 I bought this for my fiance and he loved it ! He is a hard person to buy gifts for . He is always looking for products that will help out in a power outage or for an emergency situation . He was thrilled to get the Powerpack 600HD . Thank you !
 I use this to power an 8 year old Wilson Hitting Streak Pitching Machine . I had an old 300 or 400 watt power pack that I used to use but it finally died so I upgraded . Do n't know about other purposes , do n't care much about the radio , but for my machine it powers it easily over twice as long as they old one -LRB- I run the machine for 45 minutes and do n't get to 50 % -RRB- and even gives it more juice -LRB- did n't know it would pitch this fast -RRB- . Heavy but not really considering what it is . Nice handle makes it very comfortable to carry .
 Reviewed everyone 's comments about this device and no one said anything bad so I decided to give it a try . My mom and I used it over the July 4th weekend while we were camping , it worked great . This device is easy to use , I am able to carry it and it charged my cell phone and my lap top repeatedly . I did not want to deal with a gas generator , being rather engine illiterate this item was a perfect option . I highly recommend it to any woman that wants something to charge those items you need . It is not to big , I put it right behind the drivers seat on the floor and stacked sleeping bags on it , no worries about gas leakage and vapors . When I needed it a flip of the switch and open the socked cover and it was ready to go . If I needed a light in camp I had access to a very easy one on the device . This was a great buy and will be traveling again with us in October for a three week camping trip having that ability to recharge it using my car 's lighter is a great bonus . Thanks for all the helpful reviews ...
 Fantastic product ! Good value . We can say nothing negative about it . We carry it with us on trips . Family members borrow it . Wow - what more can be said .
 The powerpack delivers but it promises . Portable power , both DC and AC . Trickle charger and the light work well . I have n't had any problems with my unit yet but the radio definitely needs improvement . Although it has a digital tuner , adjacent stations seem to overlap . Also the speaker is very small .
 I bought the unit in November of 2007 for a campout my family was having . The unit worked very well . I ran a laptop and external hard drive off of it for almost 3 hours and still had enough juice to jumpstart my car with it the next day before recharging . I think in most ways it is better than a generator as you do n't have to refuel it . Just plug it in to a car DC outlet or a standard AC outlet and let it charge for 2-6 hours and you 're good as new . An excellent buy itf you do n't have huge power requirements.Pros - Virtually noiseless , lightweight compared to a generator , good recharge time for a battery.Cons - Less capability than a generator to supply power , shorter life.Overall rating - 4 of 5 Stars
 This is a great little charger . Its a bit heavy , but it sure helps on camping trips for plugging in phone chargers and lots of other things . And it does n't lose much power . Also great when the power goes out . Just keep it close . The light on it wont help you in the dark if you cant even find the charger .
 XPower Powerpack 300 Plus - 120 VAC/60 Hzthis unit was more than i expected . . i purchased it to operate a television at tail gate partys ... i worked and had power to soare
 My buddy and I got this product to use when we Tailgate before football games . It works great to power my 20 inch TV so we can watch the previous football game . Great product !
 I just received the Xantrex Powerpack 600D in the mail yesterday and I could n't be more pleased . Althought the product did ship in its original packaging , it was delivered inside of another non-descript brown box so no one would know what was inside . I read some of the other reviews where people said they received used models instead of new ones , but mine came brand new from the manufacturer . Perhaps when you purchase one deeply discounted you get a refurbished model . My model arrived nearly fully charged and I only had to charge it a few hours for it to register at 100 % . The light on the front is a nice addition and it shines a very bright and focused beam . Despite the incredibly small buttons for the clock and the radio that are difficult to press , both the clock and the radio work fine . The radio does n't provide the best reception , but for emergency updates and the news it works in a pinch with a great volume . Charging the battery could n't be easier since it comes with an adapter and it 's recommeded that you leave it plugged up until you need it . You ca n't overcharge the system and it 'll always be ready . It 's very sturdy and heavy -LRB- especially for women -RRB- , but it is portable and that 's what counts . Overall I am VERY pleased with the purchase and I know I 'll be ready the next time the lights go out . I was so pleased that I ordered one for my mom !
 I DO THE GUN SHOW CIRCUIT IN TEXAS AND USE THIS WHERE ELECTICITY COSTS $ 45 TO RUN MY CASH REGISTER FOR THE WEEKEND ! DID TO TAKE LONG TO TO GET THE COST OF THE UNIT BACK ! IT IS NOT VERY HEAVY TO CARRY AND WORKS ALL WEEKEND LONG . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS UNIT TO ANYONE . WELL WORTH THE INITIAL COST FOR ME . MAY GET ANOTHER ONE !!!!!!!!
 I got this for temp power if i lose electricity , I had it for a week and the power went out , i ran a fan , laptop and cell phone off it for a few hours to finish up my work.Did exactly what i bought it for .
 This product has worked very well for me . I bought a used pitching machine to use for batting practice for my son & his little league team . It turned out that the thing ran on AC power , okay if you have a backyard or an outlet near a batting cage , but we live in Brooklyn and do n't have a backyard . I bought the portable power pack and it works just fine , I can take my pitching machine to the park or a playground and hold an outdoor batting practice .
 The battery is not that strong -LRB- 28AH -RRB- , but generally it is a very good powerpack . Very good for emergencies . I recommend the company use a 60AH battery .
 It actually does what it is advertised to do . It last longer than the other ones I 've had in the past . when I use it at my hunting lease it will last a whole night . I can turn off the generator and plug in my laptop and turn on the radio and light and play till tired and there 's still enough juice in the morning for the light and me to get up and get moving around . I tested it with some other equipment and it works fine I would recommend this unit to any camper . Not too heavy for the use you get from it . Very rugged structure .
 The pack does everything the description said it would do . The quality of the pack is great . With this and the lantern we purchased , I 'm ready for the next power outage . Great product . Great idea putting an inverter with the jump starter .
 Recently received my powerpack . Have n't had to technically use it yet , but tested it thoroughly . Great backup for minor appliances during short-term blackouts . Safe , clean , and rapidly recharges when necessary . Not terribly heavy . I 'm a petite woman and it does n't seem heavy to me . Do n't expect it to perform as a generator , but it 's definitely a must when you need backup .
 Wonderful power supply when you need it . Never be in the dark again or stranded with a dead battery . Excellent for power outages or for camping .
 I bought the Xantrex 600HD and have used it several times with excellent results . Very simple operation , the handy light , am/fm radio and the 12V car battery charger with included cables makes it a very well rounded package . In a test I made , I could run about 2 sets of christmas lights for over 5 hours and in another set up , i run an Ipod plus speakers for almost 10 hours straight . For larger loads you may need something bigger but for short time needs , this product offers great features for a minimum price . Did I mention that you may also get free shipping ?
 I like the product . It will power most small electric items which do not electrically produce heat -- iron , toaster , hair dryer , etc. I keep it plugged in in my basement . I used it on two camping trips and also for a short power outage -LRB- less than 1 hour -RRB- . I was able to run a 27 '' CRT television and a floor lamp during the power outage without any problem . The manual recommends a maximum 13 '' TV to not overload the unit , but I found that my 27 '' TV only used about 100 watts . The digital watt readout is very handy to insure that you keep below the unit 's rating.It wo n't provide continuous power like a generator , but it is portable , quiet , and easy to use . My 7 year old can lift it and knows how to turn it on -- you ca n't say that with a generator.I liked this model because it did NOT have the bells and whistles of the other models and had a larger amp capacity . I already have an air compressor that plugs into the lighter socket in the car ; I did n't want a unit with more attachments than necessary for it 's main function -- a temporary power supply . I have not used the jumper cables , but they are a heavy duty quality.If you want fail-safe back-up power for an outage then buy a generator.But if you want a stop-gap power supply which is easy for the whole family to use -LRB- wife , kids -RRB- , then this item is highly recommended . Keeps you in touch with weather and news during a short power outage , can be used on a camping trip , or as an A/C -LRB- inverter -RRB- power source in a car .
 A recent power outage this Summer convinced me to look into somekind of emergency power . Needing something to be able to run some fans , the Xantrex powerpack looked like a good idea for that need . I 've charged it and have even tested it out . No complaints from me . It does what it is supposed to do .
 I use this not only as an emergency back up , but also for powering small tools when doing yard work . It saves me from having to figure out how to run an extension cord around the house when I want to do some pruning with my reciprocating saw .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch a small TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- Keep in mind , if you do pull 480 watts , you 'll only get 15 minutes of run time . It 's best to think of the 600HD as a way to keep small essentials going.There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . It 's a good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With the HD600 , you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until the lights go out.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks .
 1 -RRB- The downloadable manual available here on Amazon says the maker 's warranty on this gadget is six months , not one year as Amazon 's description says .2 -RRB- Xantrex says the sealed lead-acid battery is not replaceable by the user . SLA batteries typically have a service life of about 200 charge/discharge cycles at best , not 500-1000 cycles like NiMH or NiCd batteries .3 -RRB- The manual warns users that SOME devices such as discharge lamps , variable-speed tools , and power tool battery chargers may be damaged by the inverter 's modified sine wave output -- but I know from experience that this type inverter will run several makers ' VS tools and battery chargers perfectly well . It 's wise to check with the tool 's manufacturer to be certain .
 I purchased this product to use primarily in case my battery died , and secondarily as a portable power source when camping or away from a source of electricity.The powerpack works great when starting any size car with a completely dead battery . The built-in inverter is great to charge cell phones or run small appliances when camping for example.The display is very useful , showing either the percentage charge or the real-time wattage being used.Be forewarned , though , that this item is heavy and portable only inasmuch as it has a handle . I would n't lug it too far . Also , while charging is quick through the cigarette lighter cable , it takes a long time through the AC adaptor.Overall , a great purchase .
 WARNING !!! Like many people I plugged this PowerPack into the wall overnight , and waited for the blinking green light to hold steady to indicate full charge . Then it was time for some fun testing to see how long the battery would last powering certain things . My first test was powering a 9 watt LED -LRB- for emergency lighting -RRB- . According tot he box , it should run for at least 32 hours straight . I got 18 hours in practice . I tried a laptop that should be powered for 7 hours -LRB- lasted for 4 hours before battery went to zero -RRB- . Needless to say I was ticked !! WTF ! Half run-times ?!?! Then I read the instruction -LRB- and it 's real easy to overlook in the booklet -RRB- , the first time charging is CRITICAL to the performance of this PowerPack.VERY VERY IMPORTANT ! When you first get your PowerPack , you need to charge it for AT LEAST 48 hours . The reason is many of these packs are stored in warehouses for months and never recharged . Charging just till when the Green light stays steady is NOT when it 's full during the FIRST CHARGE . That just means the VOLTAGE is where it needs to be , the diminished AMPERAGE takes more time to build back up than the 28 to 36 hours some people assume.You can leave it plugged into the wall for a week , and the PowerPack will run at full capacity from that point on . After that point , you can charge for 24 to 36 hours -LRB- from empty battery status -RRB- and you should be good to go . The AC wall plug has a `` Plug and Forget '' system . So when it 's done charging , the system goes into maintenance mode . So you can leave it plugged in all the time . ==== THE REVIEW ====== The battery is based on Watt Usage . Here are the official AC run-times -LRB- I was able to confirm many of these times -RRB- :5 watts = Cordless Phone = 56 hrs8 watts = Clock Radio = 35 hrs10 watts = Portable stereo = 28 hrs14 watts = CFL light bulb = 20 Hrs15 watts = Portable DVD player = 19 Hrs40 watts = Laptop -LRB- idle -RRB- = 7 hrs60 watts = Small 13 '' TV = 4.5 hrs190 watts = 3/8 Drill = 50 min276 watts = Sander = 30 minThe LED meter shows wattage being consumed . To check battery level , you need turn off the AC inverter and hold the button down to check battery level . Personally , I would have preferred a meter that allowed me to choose which info I would like displayed . I would have found knowing battery remaining info more useful than watts used . === CHARGING === The biggest PRO I can mention is the many ways you can charge this pack ! Here are the charging methods and my experiences : AC charging - Takes 36 hours max to charge from the AC -LRB- from empty battery -RRB- . The AC adapter is really a DC converter outputting 12 volts @ 2.5 amps to the PowerPack . This is charged through a small charging port that can handle NO MORE THAN 2.5 AMPS.DC Charging - You charge using a separate cigarette lighter input . The pack comes with a 2 ended cigarette adaptor cable . Plug one end into the PowerPack 's cigarette port , and the other into the car 's cigarette port . Takes 4 to 6 hours to charge . Great way to charge on road trips.Solar Charging - You can charge the pack with a 5 to 30 watt unregulated portable solar panel as long it does n't output more than 2.5 AMPs using the smaller port where the AC adaptor would go . The charging times TAKES DAYS ! It 's fine if you are using the PowerPack lightly and have good sunlight . You can recharge in a day using the 30 watt solar panel . So for camping , it does have a major benefit for LIGHT USE like charging USB electronics . If you use it for any heavy use and you will need to charge for days to make the PowerPack usable.Alternative Charging - I found this on my own . If an car alternator can charge this PowerPack via the cigarette port , so can ANY 12 volt REGULATED be used to charge this battery . I have a 90 watt solar panel outputting 3.5 AMPS and able to charge this pack in under 6 to 9 hours . The solar panel or alternative power source needs a 12 volt charge controller to prevent overcharging . I have tested large wattage solar panels , a waterwheel generator , and a bike pedal generator , and they all work . The key is the charge controller and a cigarette adaptor.EXTRA CAR BATTERY - Not really a charging method . The pack has a car boosting port and jumper cable attachment -LRB- used for jump starting car batteries -RRB- . You can use this jumper cables and attach them to a Fully charged car battery and extend the battery capacity . Currently the Pack has 28 Amp hours . Connect to a car battery with 45 Amp Hours , and now your Power pack has 73 Amp Hours . You can use the AC inverter to use this extra power for extra long run-times . ==== Jump Starting a Car ====== I was able to jump start a 2004 V6 Toyota Corolla , a 1998 V6 Toyota Tacoma Pickup , and a V8 Toyota Tundra . No problem at all . The PowerPack worked great ! ==== Radio and 5 watt built-in Light ====== Radio is okay . Not great . Perfectly fine in a survival situation and you need news . Listening to music sucks . The run - time is roughly over 1 month . It has a digital clock with alarm . Have n't tested that , and looks a bit on the cheap side.The 5 watt light should have been a LED bulb in my opinion . Will run for 56 hours . Decent light but not the brightest . Perfectly fine for a blackout and providing temporary light . ==== Portability and Sound === It 's has a nice carrying handle that distributes the weight and I have no problem carrying this around . Weighs about the same as a regular car battery . The pack is not as big as the picture makes it look . it 's actually more compact than I thought . Sound-wise , it 's silent . ===== BOTTOM LINE ====== It 's a great portable , multi-chargeable , light duty power pack . JUST MAKE SURE TO CHARGE IT FOR A WEEK DURING THE FIRST CHARGE .
 ***** I just jumped my van using the cigarette lighter !!!! No more popping the hood !!!! Added 5/30/9 **** Review on May 25 , 2007
 First off , do n't think this unit would be able to replace a generator if you need any kind of heavy duty power for an extended period of time . A 1,000 watt generator would do you much better . However , for this little unit which has a 28 Amp-Hour , non-spillable , AGM battery and using it to power some lights -LRB- like CFL 's -RRB- and a notebook computer or two , recharging small electrical items -LRB- mobile phones , iPod 's , portable DVD players , etc. -RRB- , this fits the bill perfectly.I 've been using two of these units for a little over a month now and could n't be happier . As another reviewer said , one of the huge pro 's over this versus a generator is that it 's much quieter . It 's dead silent until you are pulling about 300 watts and that 's where the internal-fan inside the unit starts to turn on and the speed of the fan is dependent on how much load you 're putting on it.The display indicator tells you exactly , in 10-watt increments , of how much power you 're pulling . Also , the three 120VAC outlets are a definite plus and in most cases , I do not have to carry a power-strip around with me to plug in all of the devices I need to use while on the road or camping.Also , the 12VDC cigarette-lighter outlet doubles both as a power-source and as a way to charge the battery . Using the included AC-adapter to recharge the battery pack is relatively slow , almost a trickle charge , but when you 're on the go , you can use the included DC-DC cable to charge the battery pack at a much higher current rate . There is also a plug for the included jumper cables so you can use the battery as a jump-start source for reviving dead car batteries in an emergency.The built-in light and radio are functional . Nothing fancy and works as advertised . More gimmicks in themselves unless you 're in emergency situations a lot . But nice to have . Only small wish is that on top of the AM and FM bands that it supports , having the WX channels would make it truly more of an `` emergency '' radio.If you 're looking for a minimal amount of clean , non-gas burning , portable power for a camping trip or for emergency situations , then this unit fits the bill perfectly .
 This unit does exactly what it promises - a recent storm caused us to lose power overnight - We plugged a window box fan in the unit and it ran about 7 hours - it was a lifesaver - allowing us to sleep comfortably that night . It takes about 24 hours to fully recharge - I would definatley buy this unit again and have recommended the unit to friends and co-workers . p.s. - when it is almost out of power the unit emits a loud beeping noise -LRB- like an alarm clock -RRB- which scared us - as we were not expecting it - now we know - and so do you .
 I bought the Powerpack to power the fan/blower in our gas fireplace during a power failure . Heavenly !! It must be used judiciously - not continuously - but it was a lifesaver during a recent snowstorm . There is no heat delivery system in the house which does not require electricity except the impractical -LRB- and unsafe -RRB- kitchen oven . It did the job I bought it for , and it gave us reading lights as well ! I have since purchased a second unit .
 works fine , used it several times and it keeps the charge -LRB- ownership 4 months -RRB-
 I pretty much agree with Rex Kullmans ' review , but i have a few things to mention.While i think that removing the compressorand adding a radio , was a good move for the600 W unit , the clock radio itself doesnot have lightable controls & stationindicator , to turn on/off . Also , while i do n't mind that the soundquality is n't all that great from thespeaker , i really think that they shouldhave included a headphone jack , as to me , as a ` power outage survival tool ' , i wouldlike to listen to the radio , withoutdisturbing anyone else who may be sleeping.And a third point
 I really like this unit . I drive for a living as a medical courier so I am in the car 7 hours a day . The Xantrex 600HD sits right behind the passenger seat of my minivan everyday . I use it to charge my cell phones , power up my GPS , and run a small fan for hot days . I have n't needed the jump starter yet , but it is nice to know I have that feature on hand if I ever get stuck with a dead battery . I did tons of research on similar products before I bought this . There are better and more powerful ways to go , but at a more more expensive price point . At $ 170 , this is the best product for the money in my opinion . I took it one step further and bought a solar panel which will allow me to charge this when I do some remote camping and if I ever have an extended power outage at home.Update 11/19/12
 if you are thinking of a power pack to save you from a dead battery you probably want to carry the unit in your vehicle . This unit uses an AGM battery that does not vent any gasses into the vehicle compartment . I have a van so this is most critical so my children do not get exposed to poisonous gasses . The unit has an inverter with three outlets which are very handy for charging cell phones and running light loads like laptops . It has a light , radio and alarm . The light can run for 50 hours on a full charge . I dont use the radio or alarm but i guess in emergencies I might ???? It can charge through your cigarette lighter while the car is running . The AGM battery also has no charge or discharge current limitations so it can jump large equipment and charge on DC as fast as your system can supply it.Overall the AGM beats lead acid in so many ways if you can get over the higher price tag . 5 stars ...
 1 -RRB- `` HONEY , I LEFT THE HEADLIGHTS ON AGAIN ... `` Something often heard on a rainy day . No , this powerpack does not take the place of even the smallest of gas generators , but I do n't think most generators are used too deftly to start up your dead vehicle .2 -RRB- POWER FAILURESIt 's not just for hurricances any more.Generators are great for homeowners DURING POWER FAILURES , but illegal to use in most apts or condos -LRB- in Florida at least it is a fire hazard and violation to have a running generator on your porch or terrace -RRB- , so this is a great help for those without any grass to mow .3 -RRB- `` WHAT 'S GOOD FOR THE GOOSE ... `` Now , before you lament on the time and current limits of this little gem , remember there is a 12v cigar lighter tap that allows your car to very quickly recharge this unit . So , if your tank is full , and your lights are not , your use of this power pack is only limited to your fuel tank size . Of course , leave yourself enough gas so when you finally get wise or fed up and leave , you 'll be able to .4 -RRB- `` I NEVER GO ANYWHERE WITHOUT MY ... `` This unit is not meant to replace a generator , but it is a great stop gap during power outages for those who either do n't have or ca n't own a generator . It will also save you from AAA 's time distortion . `` We 'll be there in less than an hour '' often results in waits of two to three hours and several concerned follow-up calls in search of your wayward road emergency vehicle , and often prompted by the ever-developing group of thugs eying your shiny new rims . Having this in your car along with a large can of flat fixer and the requisite roll of duct tape , you 're prepared for many `` unscheduled '' events .
 I bought this power source for a field test . It worked very well and was very handy . I wish the power can last a little bit longer . The charging time is a little bit too long . If you want to use it in consecutive days , the battery wo n't be fully charged from the second day if you used it up in the first day . Otherwise it is good .
 I 've had this unit for a little over six months and it has been amazingly helpful . I bought this bad boy because the cigarette lighter in my truck went out and I am lazy about fixing it . I decided , `` Hey why not buy a new cigarette light outlet and get some AC outlets too for my truck ? '' I have the tendency to eat lunch in my car and I do n't want to have to run the Air Conditioning while I 'm listening to my books on tape and chowing down on some grub . I find a shady spot , open the windows , clamp the fan with the cigarette lighter outlet type plug and badabing ! Instant cross draft . I had plans on using this to run an electric blanket for the winter months of lunch eating , but I got laid off.Since that time , I have found a myriad of uses for this thing . For example , my sister has bad asthma and we attended an event in Atlanta over Labor Day weekend -LRB- Dragon * Con -RRB- . This is a convention that hosts 40ish thousand nerds , geeks , fanboys , dweebs , sexy scantily clad hot chicks and everyone else on the spectrum . The event mostly caters to Science Fiction and Fantasy fans , but it has some pop-culture for everyone . Her asthma was so bad over this holiday we had to rent a mobility scooter because she could n't walk the distance from our hotel to the 5 different convention hotels . We brought this bad boy and plopped it down on the floorboard of her scooter -LRB- it fit perfectly -RRB- and we did n't have to look for an outlet for her to do a nebulizer treatment . She was averaging about four to six treatments a day and we usually did them while we were waiting in line . Truly a life saver this machine is.We 've also use this machine for long car trips where my sister needed to do nebulizer treatments on the way . We have a sister in Tampa and it 's about a four hour drive for us and the built-in inverter my sister 's car has ca n't handle the draw of her nebulizer . According to the Xantrex , it has about a 40 watt draw and her car just ca n't handle it . My sister drove around with this powerpack and her nebulizer for a couple of months until she was able to get her asthma under control . Every morning when she drove to work , she would plug in her nebulizer and do a treatment while driving to work . Her treatments last about 40 minutes and I would charge this pack every couple of weeks . I have yet to find a time when this pack has n't had enough juice to handle extended use.Another example of how this machine saved my while unemployed is when my car battery died and I did n't have the money to get it replaced until about a month had passed and I could scrape together enough funds to get a new one . I still had to go out to interviews , shop for groceries , pick up family members , etc. . This battery pack made it possible . I drove around with it on my front seat and when my engine would n't turn over -LRB- about 70 to 80 percent of the time -RRB- I would hook up the jumper cables and VROOM ! I was on my way.I have plans on taking this thing with me on camping trips , to the beach , picnics , etc. . But honestly , I 've needed this unit for more practical and every day uses that I originally expected . It started out as me being lazy and not wanting to get my cigarette lighter outlet fixed and it has been a life saver on more than one occasion . Anyone considering this unit , go ahead and get it . When this one dies , I 'm going to come back on here and get another one . It has already paid for itself many times over .
 600 watts wo n't make coffee . It will run your DSL and lap top and some lights for hours . A couple of times a year for one reason or another I expect to loose power for a couple of hours . For a little more than a good weather radio , you can have the weather channel if you have a dish and a TV . You can recharge it with a car they say . That I have not done . I plan to use it as portable power this summer as well.This puppy is heavy but quiet and does not smell .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch a small TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- Keep in mind , if you do pull 480 watts , you 'll only get 15 minutes of run time . It 's best to think of the 600HD as a way to keep small essentials going.There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . It 's a good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With the HD600 , you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until the lights go out.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks .
 I bought this after a few day power outage and really like the security of having it around . Its not just useful for outages but for delivering power anywhere - the park , expo display tables , etc. . Its easy and it works - though I wish it had a higher density battery .
 I use this device when I am tailgating for New England Patriots games . It works great for what I need it for ... TV , etc. . It is much easier to travel with and cleaner to operate than a small gas generator
 I purchased this to run some Shure wireless mics for an outdoor wedding where there was no power source available at the venue . This battery pack was perfect because I needed three plug-in sources - two for the mic receivers and one for the mixer . The battery performed as expected and ran the mics for the duration of the wedding with no problem . Very pleased .
 I purchased this unit in 2007 and it has proven to be a very reliable and useful unit . For longevity you need to occasionally check the charge level and maintain it . I recharge if it falls below 80 % . Note
 We bought this jumper pack last Oct when we had a bad snow storm & power outage for 5 days . . could n't remember when we last charged it and just used it to jump start my neighbors car . . such a great little pack !!!
 I turn this on in the morning and power my electronic flash all day long . At the end of the day it has enough juice to start my neighbors car . I really love this thing .
 I used this unit in my travel trailer for about a year before it was stolen . I ran my TV off it , laptop , and when tent camping used it for lights and my laptop and to recharge camera batteries.PROS
 It was easy to order this product online and it arrived when promised.Though we have n't needed to use the Xantrex 600 yet , we did charge it tested just fine with my small electric coffee pot . When the power was out because of Ike , that is what I missed most ! WE are going to also order a 1500 because 10 days without power will use up 600 watts in no time . It powers our fan also .
 bought this summer to use as back up power source in our r.v. has power to spare !!! ran a 13 inch television perfectly highly recommended !!!!
 The powerpack does exactly what I had hoped . Great for a source of portable power .
 Buy the Xantrex powerpack if you need a good portable sourse of power . I use it at dog shows to power fans for my dogs . The power last a long time before recharging is required.The only drawback that it has is the weight . I believe it weighs about 35 pounds , which is the only thing keeping it from earning 5 stars ! It 's a great power source .
 I have had the Xantrex 300 Powerpack which I have used enormously in an area that loses its power fairly often . I expect the 600 to continue the good work and give me more hours of comfort and light during the next outage .
 I received the Powerpack 600HD from Safe Home Products within a week of ordering -LRB- Iowa to West Coast -RRB- . Upon receiving my entire order I realized an item mistake I made when ordering . I called SHP and within minutes I had my issues fully resolved with an email confirmation from their Customer Service Department through Amazon.com ! Safe Home Products even ` covered ' my mistake . What a pleasure to know , in a faceless environment , there are still companies like SHP that considers `` the customer is always right '' . They 're on my Favorites List from now on.Xantrex Powerpack 600 Watt Jumpstarter , Power Inverter and Backup Power Source
 I love it . I use to power my laptop computer and printer . It lasts all day , a full 8 hours , no hassle . I highly recommend . I know I can rely on this in the event of a prolonged power outage .
 This product has served me well past any expectations I had for it when I purchased it as a jump starter for my gas powered truck when my battery went bad.It is now used as a power source for power tools and lighting in the pasture when I am working out there.I carry it in the tool box on my diesel pickup . I am confident it will provide enough juice to start the diesel engine if it ever need to be jumped off.This product has power to spare . It is abit bulky and heavy but when you use it you will appriciate it .
 I have used it to jump my Grand Cherokee about a dozen times , setup speakers and a portable DVD player outside , plugged in outdoor Christmas lights -LRB- worked for about 20 minutes -RRB- when the electricity went off , plugged in lamps , charged my cell phone off of it in the Jeep , etc. ... . Very well built and great product ... hope it lasts for a long time .
 Item arrived from Amazon very fast and with free shipping . It was an impressive transaction . Thanks Amazon ! The unit itself has done everything I expected . I 've been using this unit on my boat to power some sanders , drills , saws etc. . Every powertool I 've needed outside has been easy to use with this xantrex unit . I dont need to hunt for an outlet around the boat yard . During the summer season , I 'm mainly going to use this to tie into my boats 110v system while at sea since I dont have a generator . It should do fine in powering tvs , dvd players , charging a laptop etc. . I did try my 27 '' LCD tv with it and it works . the TV gives off a very faint buzz but it works . I wouldnt use an expensive TV with this but for a cheap off-brand TV that you dont care about , it should be ok . This will not power a mini fridge or a space heater . I tried both and it trips out immediately . I didnt expect it to power these appliances but just thought I 'd put it out there for those who were wondering . The light is very bright and has come in handy many times . The radio in this unit is a let-down . Digital tuning is a major pain -LRB- scans too fast and is hard to land on the exact station -RRB- and the antenna broke off the first day . Regardless , you 're not buying this as as a stereo but it would have been a great addition if it worked better . The unit seems pretty solid and it 's not a pain to carry around . It is hefty but it 's comfortable to carry . I may buy another one just to extend the power needs I may have at sea .
 Ordered this as a Christmas '06 gift for my husband -LRB- with a little help from one of his friends -RRB- . It came promptly , in great condition , and he LOVED it ! Every time he looked at it again , he found something else it would do . All he really wanted was a way to jump off a car if the battery is dead . Now he can run his air compressor at odd spots around both of our properties , have music on the boat , make frozen margaritas at the tailgate parties , etc. . I won big points for this gift !
 I have loved these power packs for years , and every time they have come out with a bigger one I was the first to buy it . but this one was a slight disappointment only because it does not have the air pump . Every one I have purchased in the past had one , and believe me they have come in handy . From pumping up things around the house or office to having a flat tire at 2 am in DC just to find out your spare tire is under inflated ... I think it 's a pretty handy thing to have . My guess would be that they left it off to keep the weight down , but who knows . I still love this product though , but I am going to purchase a small air pump to keep with it in the car .
 I ordered mine shortly after hearing about Sandy hitting our area . I have a generator , but wanted something to hold me over until I could get it running ... I live out in the boonies , so running outside to fire-up a backup generator in torrential wind & rain , with all the assorted creatures that wander around in the dark -LRB- both 2 & 4 legged ! -RRB- , was not something I was looking forward to ! I used it to power a 13w fluorescent lamp for a few hours ... enough to give us the equivalent of 60w of light in the living room . I left a small 40w incandescent lamp plugged into it overnight to provide some light once the generator was shut down . It worked out well - there are some quirks though . The charge indicator does seem to be flaky & inaccurate as others have noted . It told me it was at 100 % even though it was only plugged in for about 12 hours total , so I 'm not convinced it was ever fully charged . It also seems to have a minimum value it will display as far as wattage draw goes . It displayed ' 0 ' the entire time the 13w lamp was plugged in . It emits a little bit of a `` heated electrical component '' smell while in use , if you get close enough to it . Not bad , unless you are overly-sensitive to these types of odors . The AC adapter does get warm , but not too hot , when it 's charging . The ` low battery ' alarm went off in the middle of the night and scared the crap out of us ! :--RRB- so at least that feature works . I am concerned though , after seeing the 2005 date in the owner 's manual . If this is really a 7-year old unit , I have to question how much longer the battery will last or take a charge . It is no longer featured on the Xantrex site either , so it appears to be a discontinued model . Time will tell though . All in all , it did what I expected , so if it lasts at least a few more years , I 'll be happy .
 I bought this power pack last year after hurricane Irene hit . I would have bought a generator , but I live in an apartment . Fortunately , we did not need it for Irene , but I wanted something around for the next emergency.I plugged the power pack in when I got it and forgot about it until last week when hurricane Sandy hit the East coast . Luckily for us , the power was out only for a day.The battery pack worked as soon as we plugged something into it . We used it sparingly . Mostly for charging our three cells phones and for powering a light . We used the radio a little bit , but we have a much better battery powered one that we used.Overall the battery did what it was supposed to do , which was provide electricity when we needed it . I only have a couple of issues with the battery pack . First , the display to see how much power you have is useless . It would either show , 100 % or 0 % . However , we never ran out of juice . The radio like other people have mentioned is not very good . It has a lot of static and distortion . Terrible for listening to music but good enough to listen to the news.I intend to buy a couple of more of these devices just in case I need power for a longer period of time . I thought about buying the larger 1500 watt power pack . However , from the reviews all these devices seem to have a high failure rate . I would rather buy three of these devices for the same price and spread the risk around that one of them fails . That way it is less likely that I wo n't have any power .
 Bought this Product 2 weeks ago ... Charged it for two days ... Took it to a Reunion and Plugged in a JBl Eon 10 '' Powered Speaker and an Ipod ... It played for 8hrs straight ... and also charged 3 cell phones too ... Now I 'm Planning to Buy a few more of these ...
 Works perfect for running a ceiling fan w/lights in my gazebo . Quiet operation , good battery life , very portable , and I especially like the many outlets . Worth every bit of the price . The only bad thing was the radio -LRB- the only reason why 4 not 5 stars -RRB- , it is worthless
 do n't wait for the storms to knock out your power to realize you could use a light for the hours the power is out , or to listen to the radio for the weather updates , or jump start your car when you do not have a second car around . great buy especially if you have a family !
 This product has lots of power , whether used for jumping your car/truck , powering a cell phone charger , TV , lights , about almost anything . One thing I use it for is when my power goes out I take it into the basement and with the DC to AC converter built in I power my sub pump so my basement does n't flood . Usually when the power goes out it is raining or snowing so you def . need your sub pump . Overall works great , keeps its charge a long time and you can keep it charging constanty without worrying about reducing the life of te battery . If you need more power you can also hook the jumper cables up to another battery and there you go more battery power . A + + 28aH battery with AC-DC converter , small light and AM/FM radio built in . A + + + + + for emergenicies
 It 's not a generator so do n't expect that from it , but for a power backup in it 's price range it will run a variety of power tools and RV appliances.I had trouble running a 7 1/4 '' power saw with it , but it ran a smaller saw , router , belt sander , a variety of other items including small kitchen appliances and maintained good battery life .
 My husband and I are competitive chili cooks . We 've had our Xantrex for about 4 years . We use our Xantrex to power our mini-food processors to chop our veggies and blend our spices . There are no electric outlets available to cooks at most chili cookoffs , so bringing your own power source helps a LOT . We usually run 4 choppers at the SAME TIME , off and on over a period of 4 hours . We also use it in our Class B motorhome as an additional power source . I can use it to heat up my curlers or run our RV vaccuum , and it still has plenty of power for cookoffs , easily jumps the battery to our RV , and charges our cell phones . It can even power decorative string lights for our camper ! It has a built-in light and a radio . We 've checked the light and radio , and they work well , but so far we have n't needed to use them . We have never run out of power , and the unit has saved us many , many times . When we 're not using it , it 's stored in our garage , plugged in so it 's ready to go . We have never needed to use it for a power outtage , but it would be one of the first things we 'd go to if we had to endure a shortage . It 's heavy , but it 's worth it . Anyone who needs power when there is n't any around should have this product . We love it ! : -RRB-
 Wow ! I charged the unit for a couple days , -LRB- as suggested by one review -RRB- rather than just till the light went green and this morning hooked it up to a powered QSC K-12 speaker -LRB- amp is rated at 1000 watts -RRB- and a walkman CD player . I ran this for OVER 7 HOURS at a significant volume , about 50-75 % of max . It was quite loud . I 'm a DJ and intend to use this battery to power this set-up for wedding ceremonies . I was hoping to get an hour and a half and medium volume , but to have it go 7 hours !! Wow ! There 's some headroom . It exceeded my expectations by a mile , and I ca n't say that about too many things
 I was looking for a backup supply with both 12 volts and 110 and ability to start up a car but did n't want jumper cables hanging off the side adding to size and weight . This unit was the perfect fit . Digital meter to check charge , lots of outlets and warranty service oddly enough blocks from me in Seattle . Highly recommend for a short term generator alternative .
 The Xantrex Powerpack-600HD was everything I had hoped for It was well illustratedand to the point , very good for power outages , I am now the proud owner of two.I would buy another if needed .
 I use a CPAP machine for sleep apnea and have wanted a portable power supply to enable me to use a tent for camping . This product more than meets my needs , powering the CPAP plus a small 20W ventilation fan overnight to make tenting possible again and comfortable . I also plan to use it to power my CPAP during occasional outages at home -- a good and inexpensive solution .
 I 've been camping for years and decided to `` modernize '' my equiptment last year . This unit delievers exactly what it says it does and I am exceptionally happy with it 's operation . It was used it to recharge the cell phone , to run a portable dvd player and various other tasks . I had actually expected to run out of power quickly so also purchased a marine battery and used the cables included with the unit to connect the battery with the power unit and ran them in tandem . This worked extremely well and was used like this for 9 days without running out of power but the battery was very low at the last . Your usage may require a more powerful system but for camping this one is a jewel . I love it and have nothing but praise for this item .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . Good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With this unit you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until you need it.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks.I 'm almost looking forward to the next power outage .
 Bought this as a source of backup power due to frequent long and short-term outages we have in the Ameren UE service area . I keep the charger in my basement , where we retreat during tornado warnings . Hence , I have a radio and emergency light ready at all times , plus a power supply for a small lamp . Recently , I used this to power a travel hair dryer on low speed during a morning outage so I could go to work not entirely looking like something the cat dragged in . You can research the product in depth at the manufactuer website . It is a small , not major , source of power . But in a pinch , a few low wattage creature comforts are better than nothing at all .
 After spending my vacation in Florida during hurricane Wilma , I learned the value of being prepared for a prolonged power outage . This unit would have been just the thing.This is essentially a big 12 volt battery and an inverter that produces 120v AC from the battery . While this unit wo n't power a heater or an air conditioner , it can power a small fan overnight so you can sleep . It can also charge your cell phone and laptop . -LRB- After all , your laptop 's DVD player might be your only entertainment . -RRB- The XPower can power a lamp so you can read or play cards , or you can watch a small TV for a few hours . You can plug in just about anything so long as the total number of watts drawn is 480 or less . -LRB- The 600 watt rating is a 5 minute rating , you can only draw 480 watts continuously . -RRB- Keep in mind , if you do pull 480 watts , you 'll only get 15 minutes of run time . It 's best to think of the 600HD as a way to keep small essentials going.There 's an emergency light built-in . if you place the unit so the light bounces off a near-by wall , it makes a nice low-level room light . With the backside facing you , you see the built-in clock radio . It 's not hi-fi , but it 's not horrible , it has good volume and it can wake you in the morning . There 's also a 12v outlet and a connector for attaching the supplied jumper cables.You do have to be mindful of the number of watts you pull from the unit if you want the battery to last . It 's easy to know how many watts you 're drawing because the unit tells you on it 's digital display . It 's a good thing you can charge the XPower from a car cigarette lighter . During my adventure in Wilma 's wake , I would have used the XPower by night and charged it in the car while driving during the day . The digital display also shows the percentage of charge left in the battery.The best thing to have during a prolonged power outage is a gas generator . But generators require periodic maintenance . And you have to store fresh gas and remember to change the gas periodically . With the HD600 , you just find an out-of-the-way corner , plug in the AC charger and forget all about it until the lights go out.The XPower has a big 28 amp-hour battery which is good for capacity , but makes the unit heavy , almost 30 pounds , so you wo n't want to carry it very far . Xantrex makes smaller units , but I think the 600 is the best compromise between capacity and portability . The XPower 's construction is robust and it looks like it could take some hard knocks .
 I have sleep apnea and can not sleep without a CPAP machine to assist in my breathing while I sleep . I bought it just for using at home when the power goes out , which happens a few times during winter months . I also found I could use it in my trailer so I can camp places without electricity . It runs my CPAP machine for over 8 hours . Maybe longer , but I have not ran it any longer than that . Best money I ever spent .
 This item is well made and has all the features . After checking around , I found this powerpack to also be an excellent value . I purchased this unit as backup power for my Cpap machine . It runs the machine for 15 hrs which is a good two nights sleep . It is easy to use and not too heavy . The only caution I would add is that it uses -LRB- what I call -RRB- trickle charge . That means approx 35 hrs to charge if the battery is totally discharged . Since it is only backup for me , this is totally acceptable . I really like the rubber casing and the big soft handle . Getting free shipping from Amazon on an item that is fairly heavy just sweetened the deal.I have had nothing but good experiences with all of my purchases from Amazon .
 I am most pleased with this multi-function power pack although I have , as yet , not needed it , thank God , to use it to jump start my Caddy . There are lighter duty models which are adequate to jump start 4 cyl . and most 6 cyl . models . I have one of those for my Toyota . Only fall back of this heavy duty model is that it has no compresser , but you can purchase one for $ 10.00 in Wal-Mart . I have used the 110 power source -LRB- there are three grounded outlets -RRB- and the searchlight . The unit is a great insurance policy , and most useful for a power failure , if you do n't have a generator . The price through Amazon was about $ 50.00 cheaper than from manufacturer who actually suggested buying it through a reseller .
 I live in an apartment complex , so a generator was out of the question because of the noise issue . When I found this I wondered would it suit my needs , we loose power around here sometimes quite often and I need something to give me enough power to cook something to eat , it does that and more . If you live where noise is an issue this is for you , if you do alot of outdoor stuff and need power , try this , it will run a tv , light , radio , whatever I plan on getting another for backup . Great find and great product
 I like the feature as shows how much left of power , light , am/fm radioand handy of use .
 It works nice and great when you need a backup power . very nice ! well made . easy to use . great for camping needs .
 Works fine . I use it for powering my CPAP while camping . My only gripe is that it should have an internal transformer so that you can charge with a plain power cord or extension cord instead of one of those funky charger cords with a transformer on the plug .
 I have only used it 3 times , I leave it in my trunk . After 5 months it is still charged to 100 % . It is very handy as a portable power supply in difficult locations . We use these at work
 This was purchased as a gift , and it turned out to be a duplicate . The customer service at this place could n't be better . I mean there could be NO IMPROVEMENT - they were the BEST.JKCavanaugh
 help , have this item ... moved and ca n't find manual and charger ... need one . . please respond worked great when az power went off . . battery running low need to charge up , , , thanks for any help
 We 're always prepared for a power outage now , and we have a source of electricity where there 's none available .
 I got this as a disaster-preparedness device . The first day I had it in the back of my car I was able to give a guy a jump . I had n't even charged the device , but it worked perfectly , right out of the box.I keep it in the back of my car , and have it plugged into a cigarette lighter outlet , so it can charge.So far , highly recommended .
 I could n't quite swing 1k for a honda generator , not yet anyway . This little guy powers my laptop and color TV for a few hours every night before bed at the race track . I race spec miata so i use it for a lot of utility things around the track , lights , small appliances , etc.Couple things it does well : color tv as i mentionedlaptopsmall fanradiojumpstarts my crappy daily driver.things it wont do : coffee makerpersonal heaterbig halogen lightsits no generator but it does do a lot of the activities i need . Id buy it again . i dropped it and cracked the case and it still works nicely . pretty durable !
 This powerpack has not failed me for the past 8 months I 've owned it . I 've jump started vehicles on more than 3 occasions -LRB- not my own . . lol -RRB- , powered a 12V air compressor to inflate a flat tyre -LRB- again not my flat -RRB- , ran a fan for a BBQ for 4 + hours as well as used the light and radio with a 12v mp3 player which worked great . It seems as though this thing has helped other people more than myself . For this reason i have absolute faith in it.It does take longer to charge with the AC adapter compared to the 12v adapter but then again apart from the initial 48 hour charge it required out of the box the other times i charged it of the AC was overnight which was long enough . I keep it in my car and always top-up charge it every week or two . It has never failed me and i recommend it all the way.I really feel sorry for the reviewers who received this powerpack partly functional and had to return because i obviously did n't get such a defective unit . Assuming you get this item in a flawless condition as i did you will have no regrets !
 This is a great product and comes in very handy when you need electric power in an area where there is none.This is also a great item to keep in your car in case someone needs a battery boost . It works great!This is also a nice item to use for a trip in the car . You can use your electrical gear and you do n't need a 12V to A.C. converter.It is all around a good product .
 I just obtained one of these from Amazon as a simple backup power source . We do n't get a lot of power failures here in our Manhattan apartment but they are tough when they happen . A generator is not an option . Aside from the obvious operating exhaust issue , it is dangerous and illegal to keep fuel in an apartment in New York City.In a test last week the unit powered a 13-watt , 110-volt compact flourescent lamp for 22 hours -- enough to keep a room lit for three evenings with about the same light output as a 60-watt incandescent light bulb.I figure it can also charge my DVD player battery a few times as well . For the rest -- battery powered little TV , radio , flashlights , wired telephone , even candles are on hand . We 'll manage okay for awhile.It can be recharged from a solar panel and from a lighter socket -LRB- `` Hey , taxi ! '' -RRB- . I like this thing a lot . It is easy to move and operate and takes up very little room . It is much , much better than nothing .
 This backup source is good for lights , making coffee , and similar activities during a power failure . Keep it on-hand !
 This product exceeds my expectations ... it holds a charge nicely and provides all of the features advertised ...
 First of all , do n't buy this model . Get the `` Duracell '' version . It is the exact same unit with different decals , but it 's $ 70 cheaper . You would be a sucker to get this one.If you are buying this thinking that you will use the `` display screen '' or radio then you 're in for a suprise . These extra features are very cheap -LRB- broken from the start -RRB- . The light seems to be the only useful extra feature . This all seems to be outweighed by the fact that this does its job well . This will jump a V8 with a dead battery with no problem , and faster than jumper cables will . I have used this 6-8 times to jump a V8 on one charge.If you simply want something for jumping a car or suv anywhere fast , easy , and reliable then this is it .
 I have this same unit rebranded with duracell name and paid only 99.00 for it . it is now 129.00 . it does a great job . was well worth it when we lost power . I would check out the duracell one as it cost less for the same thing .
 Easy to use , powerful for what I use it for -LRB- tailgating and other light outdoor uses -RRB- , and holds a charge well . I 've used it to jump-start 2 cars since I 've had it and it has plenty of power for this -- jumped them quickly on the first try.Only con is the weight , but a pack with this wattage rating is going to have some weight to it .
 I use this for our marching band . I plug in our 300watt amp and it gives us power for all our rehearsals and on the football field for performances . It 's a little heavy , but that 's expected . If you have a band that requires portable power this works much better then the extention cord alternative !
 I purchased this to run a Pellet stove . I live in an outer area that experiences several power outages per year that can last 24 hours in duration . I had originally purchased a 1500watt UPS for this purchse but it would not start the stove . The Xantrex 600hd does a great job . I have not run it for more than a half hour but it starts the stove and the battery meeter shows 100 % full charge . This is one of the better portable power supplies I have found . The radio is silly though but the lcd time is nice and the other controls are adequate . Would like to see an even larger model with a solar jack option for those of us who would like to plug in solar panels directly to the unit with a charge controller .
 powerfull , good design , makes a mean daiquiri camping high in the Sierras !
 This power pack does everything it claims . I have used it for camping trips , tail gating , working in the yard , and jumping dead batteries . It has performed flawlessly and I highly recommend it .
 This product is very well made . Good quality and value.There are a three features in particular that I find very useful.First , it 's charging system is literally plug-in and forget . It maintains a full charge at all times and you do not need disconnect it from AC power ever . It 's circuits determine the need for charging if and when required . It 's always ready for use whenever you need itSecond , it has a built-in meter that tells you the state of charge -LRB- as a percentage -RRB- while using it . Think of it as a fuel gauge.Third , the built in meter tells you the wattage draw of whatever you have plugged in to it . Knowing the current draw when plugging in more than one thing can be most useful . This makes using it pretty much foolproof.The manual that comes with the product is well written , easy to understand , and complete.I 've always had good experiences with other Xantrex products .
 I bought this power pack to power a softball pitching machine for my daughter 's team and to have for power outages to run a fan or my gas fireplace 's blower . The pack works great . Not sure it runs as long as stated , but it last about 2 hours running the items I need . Its stated at 600 watts , but only for 5 minutes , 480 watts contimous , and 900 surge . I use it more than I would have used an 1000 watt generator .
 This is a great product . We bought it as a back up power source to our generator for hurricane season . There is an LCD screen that tells you how much power you are using which is very useful when deciding what to plug in and power up ! The only down side is that you have to charge the unit every three months or so to keep it running smoothly when you need it .
 I have had this unit for over 6 years , and it is still running fine . The secret is you have to keep it on charge all the time , this way the battery will last for many years . I have used this many times to run a breathing machine I have to wear at night when I sleep . This unit ran it for 4 days before the power came back on in the house , and it still had a good amount of power left .
 I 'm able to run many types of electrical gear on this unit , including laptop computers , powered speakers , electric mixing boards , blow dryers and forced air heaters . This unit kept such devices running for hours . Also , I was able to charge a dead car battery , then two hours later , without recharging the unit , I could charge the car battery again.The unit is 28 pounds , but is not bulky . It is relatively small and easy to carry , and I 'm partially disabled . The unit recharges quickly , and the pertinent display digits are nice and large .
 After researching a number of emergency preparedness devices including rechargeable/regenerating flashlights , radios and power sources we purchased this one and we 're very happy with the decision . It appears to be well made and durable.What we like about it most is that were the power to be out for several days or more , it can be recharged from a car 's cigarette lighter allowing extended use of a light , cell phone , laptop , fan , etc. . It also doubles as a battery to jump-start a car.Bill , Jennifer and Vaughan
 I bought one of these last month when they were on sale for $ 109 free shipping.We have n't had a power failure yet but I did try it out . My 13 inch color TV -LRB- 40 amps -RRB- ran for over 5 hours .
 I would first like to state that I actually own the VGN-S150 - the S260 is a slightly -LRB- and I do mean SLIGHTLY -RRB- modified version of it . -LRB- The S150 has a 1.6 GHz Pentium M processor , while the S260 has a 1.7 GHz Pentium M processor - that is the only difference -RRB- . Size
 I have had the S260P ever since it was first introduced I believe in late 2004 . This was the first Sony Vaio that I had bought . All my earlier laptops have been Dell machines.The S260P has worked great for me all these years , I did at some point increase the memory.After using it for as long as I have , it appears that the speed has slowed down ... . may be it is just perception or could be the accumulation of all the junk and a truck load of pictures that I have loaded up with , along with running Norton AV , Norton Ghost and MS Defender , Ad-ware as well as Spyware Blaster.About 3 months ago I was on a biz trip when late on Friday I discovered that the touch pad and main power button had frozen and I could virtually not do any thing.Due to the urgency of the situation and with unsuccessful trips to Best Buy - Geek Squad and Circuit City - Fire Dog -LRB- both could not resolve the problem -RRB- . I had the hard drive removed ... considered transferring all data to an external HD so that I could at least complete my project and presentation.Luckily , I had earlier purchased the extended warranty through Sony . I did not realize that they -LRB- Sony Warranty Support -RRB- were open 24/7 . . would not have wasted my time with Best Buy and Circuit City ... . Any way Sony arranged to have a technician at my hotel room mid Monday morning and he was able to restore and fix everything at NO charge . -LRB- Sony , did not have a repair center or technician in the city where I was . They arranged to send one from out of town . -RRB- It is quite natural for things to malfunction ... . more so if they have been used and moved around like I use them.Sony thanks for a great machine and thanks for coming through with your Tech and Repair support.I am contemplating changing to a new laptop ... . guess ... just because I want to ... . but logically I can not find any reason to , since my present machine seems to doing all that I need it to . Hmmmm
 My actually S360 is giving me a lot of fun everyday , anywhere.As I am not working hours non stop I gave my Acer 804 -LRB- large screen -RRB- to my daughter and take my s360 anywhere , on vacation , business everywhere.Sony also gives a number of battery saving possibilities so you can run endlessly , well allmost.mine does not have a DVD writer , only a CD writer.Is enough for all normal back up tasks such as My Documents.As it is a Sony with all built in quality and garantee I do not think the S is overpriced ! -LRB- if you can afford it of course -RRB- Leen
 I have an assortment of usb and cardbus adapters with external antennas that I needed a small but durable case to keep them protected . Pelican makes good stuff and this model is no exception . The ability to customize the shape of the foam makes my gear have a nice tight , secure fit .
 If you have , or are buying , a canon bjc-50 , 80 , or 85 protable printer -LRB- the bjc-85 is great -RRB- , this is really a very neat extra that works wonderfully well . Let 's say you 're on the road and need a portable printer with you . Now suppose you get a document that you need to copy or fax , but no machines around . Well , just take out your ink cartridge and put in the IS-12 , and scan away ! Its that easy . The scans are great . Oh , they 're not of the calibre of say the HP6300 or Epson 1200 , but they 're pretty good for a small , lightweight , portable machine to use in a pinch . The color scans -LRB- pictures , photos -RRB- are very good and the text is clear and very useable . It does n't come with OCR , so if you want to edit documents - you 'll need to buy a good OCR software -LRB- I like Omni Page Pro V. 10 , or Paperport -RRB- . This is a very handy , very cool item that works just great and is easy to use !
 I 've seen several other companies try to produce portable printers or scanners and they have all fallen short of the Canon BJC-55 / 85 . One main reason is this little device that allows you to carry both at once ! The software is extremely easy to use . In part because there are no settings to change ; you can only ever scan at 300 dpi -LRB- most flatbeds have much higher resolution , thus my rating of 4 stars -RRB- . However , the image is crisp , color is good , and the unit snaps in very easily . I only wish they included a hard case like the one for the ink cartridge which came with the printer instead of a flimsy plastic `` storage '' bag . It is so tiny , this is probably the only scanner you 'll ever worry about losing : -RRB-
 I use this scanner primarily for text documents and could n't be more impressed . You do need text software - I have Textbridge - but I find relatively few errors in the scan , proofreading and corrections are easy and efficient . Best of all , I do n't have another device plugged into my computer or taking up space on my desk . Caution - I have n't used it for photos , but it does a great job on text .
 I use the Canon BJC-85 printer for printing and scanning letter and legal size documents while out with clients . The IS12 makes my life easy with great looking scans , without lugging around additional equipment.The biggest complaint I have is that the software is n't Mac OS X compatible , so I end up having to use Virtual PC just to run the scanning software . Not to mention that the scanning software does n't output to PDF.Beyond those issues , the IS12 is a nice device which works very well and allows me to scan legal size documents , which my flat bed scanner at home will not . Highly recommended !
 I run my own insurance business and was always inundated by a sea of paperwork . This little scanner fits into my BJC-85 printer and serves double duty - I can scan and then print with the same machine . Genius ! I would have liked the ability to scan documents into a pdf format , but you ca n't have everything . This little scanner is the main reason I will not upgrade my BJC-85 , as it is not compatible with later models .
 This item has been the most durable piece to the little portable printer . Without it , one could not copy , scan , or save such scanned items to the hard drive for re-use . It has never failed , and it has been in use frequently since December 2001 .
 Setup was painless , i was scanning 5 minutes after i opened the box.A `` must have '' for any BJC-85 owner .
 Good binder . Just a bit too large . I would prefer if it were an inch narrorer -LRB- it is 8 inches wide ! -RRB-
 I now have several of these . The Prosleeves work well and have a space for labeling . The binder fits on a standard bookshelf and is easy enough to transport . Rubber handle is firmly attached . The binder 's construction and its welding has a good look and does not feel cheaply done . Because it is a binder , not a wallet , the ProSleeve pages can come out for easy organizing or if I just want to throw a couple of them into my briefcase . It 's because of all this that I continue to return to this brand and style of binder when I 'm ready for another .
 This is just what I was looking for to organize my DVDs . It makes it much easier to sort through because you can open the binder clips and move discs around to keep them alphabetized . I keep a sleeve on the back and I bought some extra inserts so I will keep about 20 discs with sleeves in each organizer . They also fit well on my disc shelf .
 This is an awesome HDTV . I purchased it to hang above my fireplace and it fit the bill fantastically . I did n't purchase mine from Amazon but have had this exact TV for 9 mo 's and experienced no problems . It was simple to set up , has every input we need . The picture in HD is awesome . Football is in HD is incredible on this TV . I also use it to watch instant streaming video from Netflix with my laptop and the picture is better than digital TV . The only complaint I have is the range on the remote . It does not work beyond 10 feet , which makes it nearly impossible to change channels/volume from my kitchen table -LRB- 15 feet -RRB- . I ordered a cheap multifunction remote to hopefully fix this . I remain a bit skeptical on the longevity of this TV due to all of the bad press on Westinghouse HDTV 's , but so far so good .
 I 've had the TV for 1/2 a year now and this is what I have discovered : Cons : The black is not very black ; when you are watching a movie or TV show with a lot of dark views , the black tends to be lighter than more expensive TVs . This just is pretty typical of cheaper LCD TVs but unless you have spent a lot of time viewing more expensive LCDs , you wo n't mind.The TV response time to remote commands is very slow . I have no idea why this is but its a bit annoying . Again , its not a big deal . Just be aware that when you hit the volume or power buttons , it will take a second for the TV to respond accordingly.This is probably the most important con
 My family now watches more videos . The picture is great . My only wish is that it should have come with an owners manual , and it did n't
 512 MB for under $ 10 ? This is a great deal , and the card works flawlessly .
 Works great ! No problems at all . Received it quickly too .
 This is my second PSU . I got an ULTRA X-Finity , but it SUCKS ! So in a week , I bought this unit . I am very delight that I had bought it . This is quiet , and looks cool . The look is high quality.You can choose how many calbe you want to use to reduce the temperature inside the case . It also supports SLI -LRB- dual grahic card -RRB- , and dual cores.I have heard that this unit doesnt quite suppport ASUS A8N-series mobo . I dont know . I have ECS K8N SLI lite . They work quite well.NOTE
 As usual , I am completely satisfied with this Antec product . Easy to install , quiet . Not sure how I can test the high efficiency claim , but seriously , who really cares ? I 've put an Antec power supply in the four computers I 've built . If you have a decent system with a stock power supply and want a reasonably priced , decent quality upgrade , I highly recommend one of Antec 's power supplies .
 I am initially pleased with the Antec Power supply , however after my first installation of this product , I have some suggestions for the manufacturer.The cable management idea is great but the supplied cable sets for hard drive power only come with three -LRB- 3 -RRB- plugs per cable , requiring an exrea 2 un-used plugs for a single drive system or 1 unused plug for a 2 drive system , etc.It would be much more effecient if the cable sets supplied were 1 singlr , 1 dual -LRB- 2 -RRB- plugs , and 1 with 3 plugs , thus allowing the installer MUCH more flexibility in reducing cable clutter and still have the current 6 plug totalAntec Neo-HE-500 500-Watt High Efficiency Power Supply UnitAntec Neo-HE-500 500-Watt High Efficiency Power Supply Unit
 Power supply works as advertised , Antec , usually very dependable . Very quit also , using in a HTPC .
 I have used this with AMD X2 and Abit SLI motherboard and works like a charm . Antec is quite reputed in this field and I used this along with the nine hundred case . With a DDR2 800 RAM , the performance is simply great .
 Charges my Thinkpad T60 with 9-cell battery without a problem . Very small , perhaps a little larger than a deck of playing cards . Will easily fit in a glove compartment . Whisper quiet . I can only hear its fan if I hold the inverter up to my ear . The membrane on/off switch with dual-color LEDs is a nice touch . The shiny plastic case is a fingerprint magnet . Construction is light but durable . The side panel with AC and USB plugs is robust metal . Mine is well put together . I think I 'm going to buy several more , one for each car . Overall excellent product .
 Finally purchased an inverter to power a laptop and to recharge various battery powered devices on the road . The Xantrex was a nice small unit with enough oomph to charge batteries and run my laptop . This device fits easily in my glove box when not in use.I have already used the device several times and have been quite happy with it.My only complaint , I wish the cord that connects the unit to the lighter port was longer so the device could sit on the floor . Other than that minor issue , great product .
 Did the job ! Four seven hour days powering laptop in car . Only complaint , power light not visible in daylight .
 This product works good . I have used it only once so far . The price is acceptable too .
 This is a cool product , so far I do n't have any problems with this . It charges my Iphone , and any other small units . I have n't tried this in a long drive yet but I 'll give you guys an update when I drive from NY to TX this summer . Well , so far so good!Cons
 I 've found this to be very easy to use and quite useful . The only drawback so far is that the power switch indicator -LRB- blue LED with a translucent cover -RRB- can be tough to see in daylight making it difficult to tell if the device is operating or not .
 checked its output . It is a 60Hz square wave generator . That is what they called `` modified sinewave '' . Very low tech . However , looks great , space saving and use it once for cell phone fine , but have not check with high power yet
 I 've bought two of these now for different people . Mine did come with a case and an airline plug -LRB- unlike person who gave this a bad review -RRB- . I love this inverter-super handy to have in the car -LRB- have n't tried it on a plane yet -RRB- .
 works great , I just wish there was a way to mount it in the car
 It 's about the size of a 2.5 inch western digital passport II . Very small and compact . Gets a little hot but does the job . It can power my laptop just fine.Looks better than the picture . it has a neat on and off switch that lights up.I have a small 14.1 inch IBM-T43since it 's small it doesnt use much power . i wouldnt use this to power anything thats too hungry though .
 This small inverter worked perfectly for adding strings of LED lights to my motorcycle for a local Christmas parade . It did get a bit hot -LRB- it has an internal cooling fan -RRB- , but that was because it was inside a nylon pouch mounted on the bike . It would probably have run cooler if more air circulation were provided .
 After reading other people 's reviews about the product , I was a little worried . I bought the product and it works great !!! No problems so far . I love the small size . It fits in my small backpack . I 'm not sure why people complain about the noise . I held it up to my ear and all I heard was a small hum . Maybe that 's what they 're complaining about ? Its not that bad . If space is an issue for you , I would consider this item . Similar sized items are more expensive and they do the same thing .
 My husband and I recently drove from Nevada to Washington State . We used this to power up and recharge our laptop , video camera and cell phone batteries . It 's quite handy and was a good value for the money .
 We have one of the plug into the cigarette lighter single piece design inverters for the car already . The ` box ' like design works well in the car but took up to much room when attached to a port on the Harley Davidson motorcycle . The Xantex has the same small size but uses a short cord allowing it to be fit better with the weeks forth of belongings for 2 people on a long bike ride .
 Actual output power lower than specified but not by much . Usable .
 I have n't get chance to use it , but it looks ok , it is very small that can fit in your pocket .
 This powered a laptop and an ipod -LRB- via USB -RRB- at the same time for hours without getting too hot or making noise . Works on the plane or in the car . Portable and comes in a nice carrying case . Slick for only $ 35 . I 'm buying more as gifts .
 We bought this snappy little gadget to keep the family laptop powered for an upcoming trip . Recently took it on a test run with very good results . It plugged into the power port of our SUV , as designed . The laptop seemed to get a steady stream of power , with not a stutter in the DVD 's performance . . The Xpower 175 features a blue LED when it is in operation and is both quiet & compact . Keeps our son entertained as the miles tick away . And when the trip is over , the Xpower , stows away in a carry pouch , perfect for storage in your laptop bag !
 My family takes our 12-inch Powerbook G4 on road trips for showing movies and doing other computer stuff on the road , but the battery would often give out after 2-3 hours rendering the laptop unusable until we could charge the battery again . Over Christmas vacation my family was mid-way through a 2,000 mile road trip , and I saw the Xantrex XPower Pocket 175-Watt Inverter for $ 20 in the clearance section of a local store , so I picked it up . Could n't be happier as now we can run the laptop as much as we want . The inverter gets warm but not too hot . I never heard any noise from it , even after running for over 5 hours -LRB- looks like it has a fan on the bottom , but I never heard it running -RRB- . This is the perfect inverter for us as it is very small and fits easily in the under-seat storage compartment in the van . It only has one power outlet -- if you need two outlets , look for a different model . This one is perfect for powering a laptop.Note that this model , # 813-0291 , does NOT have an airline adapter , but comes with two cables , one for a cigarette lighter , and one for direct connection to a 12-volt -LRB- car/boat -RRB- battery . The product probably has changed since Amazon first started selling it . My model is black , like uploaded in the photo section by R. Liu . The silver photo must be the old model that included the airline adapter .
 I also have to give this one a 5 star rating . I originally purchased the Xpower 175 micro but it was a DOA and the fan was really loud so I returned it for this one . I use the Xpower pocket inverter 175 with my laptop and GPS when I go on road trips and it is quiet and reliable .
 I have n't used it much yet but I 've tested it in the car using my wife 's ThinkPad . It runs that load essentially silently -LRB- the fan hardly works -RRB- and the free powered USB port means I can charge my cell phone too with the right USB cable . The whole package is very compact and fits in it 's own carrying case . My primary reason for purchase was as a power inverter to take in a small airplane so I think it will fit the bill perfectly . I wish I could say I 'd used it enough and for long enough to report on it 's reliability but I have n't yet .
 Just got it yesterday and used it today for my laptop . It works flawlessly . Some notes on the item
 I bought this unit with one thing in mind . To power my laptop GPS system . This unit does that and more for a fair price . So far I have used this unit of about a year with no problems .
 With the realization that the major printer companies seem to view my Brother Printer MFC 420N as old and not a high end machine , I still use it , love it and have to purchase the correct ink for it . The Amazon listed the ink as Brother so I purchased these . Very happy & completely satisfied with the selection ; came fully sealed , ready to use , causes absolutely no bleeding & works fine . Being skeptical about generic products is a major factor in my purchases . Therefore , I can not afford to have anything messed because of an unwise choice . My printer/scanner/fax / tel/card reader is working fine and I intend to keep it this way as long as I can . Kudos to Brother for continuing to make the product ink number ; can not use any other kind .
 I 'm very pleased with this order . If I had bought this item out the store I would 've paid twice as much than what I paid on Amazon .
 After using the old Pentax-M 40mm pancake for a while , I decided to get this DA Limited version . 40mm on a Pentax dSLR is a great focal length for portraits and for regular walk-around use . The 1.5 x multiplier of Pentax dSLRs makes the focal length work out to the equivalent of 60mm on a 35mm film camera.The f/2 .8 aperture is nice and fast , especially if you 're coming from the kit lenses . It 's fast enough to take pictures indoors -LRB- shake reduction does n't hurt either -RRB- and creates a pretty narrow depth of field for portraits.The super compact size makes my K100D feel very light and easy to carry around . It 's perfect for outings where you 'll end up taking pictures of people and close objects.The autofocusing is super fast and I have n't seen it hunt around like my DA 18-55mm and 50-200mm lenses.Pros : - Very fast autofocus . Does n't seem to hunt around like the kit lenses . - f/2 .8 makes it pretty fast and very usable , especially with shake reduction . The sharpness is decent at f/2 .8 . - Super compact and light . It makes my K100D a lot easier to carry around all day . - Great focal length for portraits . - `` Limited '' means that it 's all metal in construction , which definitely helps this diminutive lens feel nice and solid . - Works great on some film bodies ! See below.Cons : - The lens is so small that there 's nothing to hold on to . I often find myself gripping the focus ring while the lens is trying to autofocus . - I 've seen a good amount of purple fringing with this lens wide open . Stopping down a bit quickly clears it up though.Overall , this is a great lens for traveling . The cons that I listed can easily be fixed with some practice and good technique.Edit 11/27/07
 I just purchased this lens this week , so this is something of a preliminary review ... My initial impression of this lens is very positive . It focuses faster than any other Pentax lens I 've tried , including the DA * zooms with the hyper-sonic moter . The lens does n't turn very far at all in either direction - this , along with the small-and-light construction , means that even when hunting the lens can travel all the way to infinity and back very rapidly.It performs fairly well in low-light , thanks also to the low aperture . The build quality is excellent , as the construction is all-metal , and it comes with a unique hood and cap . The construction conveys quality and confidence when shooting , and I 've actually had no problems manipulating the small focus ring.The pictures I 've gotten so far have met my expectations . The 60mm equivalent makes for a versatile lens , but you might have to shoot a little bit tighter than you 're used to -LRB- a good thing IMO -RRB- . I also own the 50mm 1.4 and the 10mm wider makes a lot of shots possible that are n't feasible there . In addition , it focuses much more quickly , allowing you to catch the shots that do n't stick around and wait - a super-wide aperture does n't count for much if your autofocus is hunting the whole time.My only complaint about this lens is the focus distance - I often wish it could go a hair closer . Of course , the excellent 35mm Macro fills this niche , but I would 've put up with a little bit more size for close range improvements . Also , in very high-contrast situations keep an eye out for purple fringing.Overall , this lens is a great deal . The build quality is awesome , it is very versatile and convenient , and the price , like most Pentax lenses , is super low for what you get . I 'm anticipating this lens will be my most used , even more so than my 18-250 . You wo n't be disappointed.More sample images and updates to follow ...
 I have had it for more than a month , bought right before the price surge -LRB- lucky me -RRB- . No doubt this is a great lens - sharp , high-grade build quality , extremely compact . I think the sharpness , color and CA control out-perform my SMCTak 55/1 .8 and 50/1 .4 . Most appealing to me is the combination of size and quality - I mount it on my istDL , making an almost-pocketable , high-quality shooting device.That said , I would like to share some thoughts on what could make it even better . They are precautions for those interested , but not to be taken as drawbacks -LRB- the price is gentle anyway -RRB- . Focal length
 I 've gone sort of nuts buying Pentax lenses for my k5 and kx . I have the 10-17 Fisheye , 15mm Limited , 21mm Limited , 35 mm Macro Limited , 40 mm Limited , 70 mm Limited , 200mm DA * , 50mm Takumar m42 and just bought the 50mm f1 .2 SMCA . I take a lot of events/street , flowers and nature shots . With the exception of the 21mm , I have liked all of them . The 40mm used to be my most used lens , but over time I have shifted to the 35mm Macro Limited . It works better for me . The size of the 40mm is unbeatable and I think for candid photography it still has the advantage of being less threatening and thus results in better pictures . You can even sometimes sneak the camera with the 40 into events that prohibit cameras with detachable lenses since it looks like a less expensive point and shoot . The other thing that stands out for the 40mm is the contrast . It has very very high contrast -LRB- except when wide open -RRB- . This can be good or bad , depending on what you like . The 35mm Macro has a bit less contrast but can be more pleasing subjectively . And I 've tested both side by side in a variety of shots and have found that the 35mm Limited has much greater sharpness , particularly at a distance/focused on infinity . And the 35mm Limited also of course is a Macro lens . And I have a different perspective on the Takumar lens vs. the 40mm . They are really apples and oranges but suffice it to say that the old Takumar has truly magical bokeh -LRB- out of focus areas -RRB- . Much better than any of the recent Pentax lenses . So if you can afford it , I recommend the 35mm Macro over the 40mm unless the size or price are a factor . And I do n't think that the size is often a factor in real life usage , especially if you 're like me and carry multiple lenses when you go out and shoot . You can see my photos with EXIF info here
 This is my second Pentax limited pancake lens , the first is the 70mm limited . The 40mm focal length on digital gives a 60mm view which is very good for candids and the like . The lens is very well built and focuses very quickly , this apparently is one of the fastest focusing lenses Pentax has but the AF is a bit loud since it is old screw drive . The lens did need some AF adjustment on my K20D but all lenses seem to need some minor adjustments to focus perfectly.Sharp at F2 .8 but shines at F5 .6 and the sharpness is very even across the frame , it 's not as sharp as the 35mm in the center but it 's far more evenly sharp across . As for it 's slowish F2 .8 , this really is not a low light lens like the FA35mm F2 or 50mm F1 .4 but passable since SR works to 1/30 sec well with this lens and it 's sharp enough wide open.Optically the lens performs well with minimal Ca 's but does -LRB- like the 70mm -RRB- purple a touch wide open on shiny objects , not bad but noticeable enough . Barrel distortion is low but still there tho it does not affect the corners which are almost as sharp as the center . I like the way this lens renders it 's bokeh and the `` LOOK '' of the images.My real complaint is about the size and minimum focus distance , Even tho this is not a macro lens it could focus closer as the focal length is great for some close up work , and the lens really is that tiny , one could forget it was a lens as it 's no larger when mounted than the body cap . I would like to see a F2 slightly larger version , I think that would be the perfect lens but for the price this sells at it 's a bargain and I can recommend it highly .
 I bought this after getting the Pentax FA 50mm f/1 .4 . The Pentax FA was slow on autofocus , but the DA 's -LRB- this lens and the kit lens -RRB- are much faster . It 's a little bit wider but not by much . Most things you photograph are not 1.4 so 2.8 is still really good . The lens is rather flat with a small lens cap , which I 'll probably lose at some point.Pros
 I do n't have much to say that has n't been said before . This is the sharpest lens I own and it has become my `` gold standard '' . The image quality of all of my other lenses get compared to this one.This is also the first lens that I have owned which has exceeded the capabilities of my camera . As I zoom in , my other lenses would lose sharpness before the image would pixelate . With this lens , I was sharp down to the pixel level . This inspired me to upgrade from a 6MP K100DS to a 12MP K-r . The images from this lens are extremely lifelike and the colors are superb . I get more `` keepers '' using the DA 40mm than with any other lens .
 The Pentax DA 40mm f/2 .8 Ultra Compact Lens for Pentax * ist Digital SLR Cameras is a great prime lens . Gave me nice clean , clear photos with excellent detail and color reproduction . Comes with a lens pouch and a lens cap that also doubles as a lens hood .
 I had already been using thePentax SMC DA * Series 50-135mm f/2 .8 ED IF SDM Telephoto Zoom Lens for Pentax and Digital SLR CamerasandPentax SMC DA * Series 16-50mm f/2 .8 ED AL IF SDM Wide Angle Zoom Lens for Pentax Digital SLR Cameraslenses regularly when I purchased the DA 40 . I had a little bit of experience with the FA 50 , but did n't really like it much , due to lack of contrast . I thought there was no way that I would become a `` prime shooter . `` Well , this lens changed that . It is tiny , easy to handle hold , even with one hand , incredibly sharp . Even though it is not very long , it can be used as a portrait lens . It has great edge to edge sharpness and amazing micro contrast . Build is very sturdy.The two quibbles I have with this lens are that it only goes to f2 .8 and that the screw on lens cap could be easily lost . I have put away my screw on cap and purchased aAdorama 30.5 mm Plastic Snap-On Lens Capto replace it.This is the perfect walk-around lens to turn you from a zoom shooter into a prime shooter !
 This is a very nice prime . Pentax is known for their limited primes and this little guy does not disappoint . It is made out of aluminum and has a nice , solid quality feel to it . When matched up with my K-5 - it looks kind of funny . The lens is tiny and truly defines a ` pancake ' lens . The focus ring is nice and smooth , but very small . Also - most of us like to hold our lens with out left hand - this one is a bit more challenging to do so with as it is just so small.The 40mm focal length is a bit of an odd one - you basically are getting about 60mm on an APS-C crop . Pictures are very sharp , especially when stopped down slightly , and color is very good . This is a great walk around street lens , in fact many people might question if you even have a lens on your DSLR since this is so discrete and small . With the relative small form of the K-5 - this little 40mm makes a great companion and well worth it to have in your lens collection if you shoot modern Pentax .
 Pentax 40mm Limited f/2 .8 lens is an exotic lens which can produce a really nice image quality even wide open at f/2 .8 . Physically , it is very small and thin even with the lens hood attached . -LRB- When you buy this lens you will get the lens hood and also nice small leather pouch -RRB- . It can focus pretty close 30cm to infinity . When you focus in , the lens will rotate and protrude around 1/2 inch . At around 165g , this lens is very light , basically you 'll feel like you are only carrying a camera without lens , which is excellent for travel or walking.This lens is capable to produce very good quality image with nice background blur at f/2 .8 . It is also very sharp that it can capture speckles of dust . The focal length is equivalent to 60mm which is considered a standard lens.Being a standard lens , there are many things you can do with the lens , portrait , still life , general travel are some of the application . But for indoor , wide landscape or architecture shots , this lens is not wide enough.Tried with Pentax k100D , the lens focuses accurately but not as quickly as lens with SDM -LRB- Supersonic Drive Motor -RRB- or other lens-based motor . In some situation , it takes almost 1 second for the lens to focus . It also create a some noise in the process . So this lens with Pentax k100d is not ideal for action or candid shots . For general photography such as still life , travel , portrait , the lens will do very fine.Build QualityThe built quality is also impressive , it is all metal construction , no plastic or rubber . Due to the size of the lens , the focusing barrel is quite small , but it is very smooth and easy to work with.The other not so good about the lens is the lens cap . It is screw cap , means that you need to screw out the cap by hand . It takes me at least 5-10 seconds . the lens cap is very small and if you 're not careful , you could lose it.Overall this lens deliver a very impressive image quality , detail and sharpness with reasonable price . I will highly recommend this lens.Other alternative will be Pentax 50mm f/1 .4 which is slightly bigger , longer , sand cheaper but 2 stop faster . Also consider Pentax 70mm f/2 .4 Limited pan cake lens which is ideal for portrait . -LSB- ... -RSB- Image Quality
 This lens has the perfect aspect ratio for a Digital Pentax SLR . For normal photography this is about as good as can be . Plus it takes shaper pictures than the standard zoom , has a wider aperature -LRB- f2 .8 -RRB- and is really very small - it sticks out less then the front `` Pentax '' label on the flash on mine.I now use this as the lens that lives on my camera , and I use it a lot more than my other lenses .
 Like everything else , this lens is n't going to be perfect for everyone and every situation , but if you have a chunky Pentax dSLR and have occasion to wish it was more like a svelte , unobtrusive `` point-and-shoot '' camera , this little lens can really help . On my Pentax body , the 40mm pancake disappears , leaving a single focal length - equivalent to a 60mm on a 35mm film camera - that 's nearly ideal for unobtrusive shots on the street , in social gatherings , and anywhere else you really do n't want to draw attention to yourself as `` the photographer '' . It focuses extremely fast and quite silently -LRB- on the right body -RRB- , and without the slightest intervention beyond pressing the shutter button ... If you do n't wish to look through the camera 's viewfinder , you do n't even have to ! In some circumstances , with my capacitous digital camera , I find myself simply firing away , then sifting through the hundreds of ` exposed frames ' for the interesting stuff . It can , indeed , be very useful in settings where photography is n't really welcome to begin with .
 A great lens , this is actually my only Auto Exposure / Auto Focus lens , the rest of my lenses are older manual . I 'm really glad I have this for general picture taking .
 I just love this lens . Reason for buying it in the first place , was the size . It really looks great on my * dsl . I also tried it on my old Super A , which makes a small camera even smaller . Since there 's noe aperature ring on this lens , it 's pretty much stuck on 2.8 on that camera , as far as I can see . But still , great fun and good pictures.With a small lens like this , you dont need to make any compromise by bringing along the ixus instead of the slr , the camera feels compact enough . Fixed lens with this focal length may not always be the most practical , but most of us are able to move ourselves around , hence also the camera.If i have to complain about something
 This is my most used lens.Pros : Excellent contrast and colorFast AFSmall size almost makes my k100d pocket-ablenon-threatening for street photographyBetter as `` normal '' lens for digital - 40mm looks like 60mm on digital , the usual 50mm on film looks a little long at 75mm viewing area on digitalGreat IQ mitigates somewhat slow aperture in low light -LRB- you can push iso -RRB- Will work perfectly on full frame digitalCons : Not great for low light at f/2 .8 hard to manual focus , but why would you with this lens?Highly recommended !
 This is one of the tiniest -LRB- & coolest -RRB- true DSLR lens I 've ever seen and it will come in very handy for candid portraits and street shots where you want to look less `` professional photographer-ish '' conspicuous , and your camera to be small , light-weight , and easy to use with one hand . I wish it was a. . . Read my full review -LRB- with images -RRB- here
 For pentax digital body users , for standard fixed focal length lensmost popular choice would be a FA35mm f2 .0 and this DA40 -LRB- for this price-under $ 300 ! it 's good ! -RRB- DA40 is surely better as it is small and light . The image quality wassatifactory . It is a bit dark -LRB- f2 .8 -RRB- but I had no problem to take pictureof my 2 year old baby in the room -LRB- night -RRB- without flash.I trashed the carton box of the lens - After use , I realized that I haveno reason to sell this lens to someone else . Yes , I 'll keep it until I have a pentax body .
 The first review of this item below , in addition to the mistake about the firewire standard , mentions a Flash Card . This camera uses neither a flash card or memory stick . Perhaps that review was for a different camera.That said , this is a great little camera , works flawlessly with Final Cut Pro for video editing . Takes great video for the size . The camera is of couse no longer available as it was replaced by the TRV11 . But if you come across one for the right price , go for it -- it 's still very much up to date .
 While Sony equipment allows great interoperability between Sony laptops , cameras , and other Sony gear , it is by no means at all difficult to connect to other equipment ... The reviewer below indicates that Firewire is a Sony only protocol . Hogwash ! IEEE 1394 is a multiplatform I/O option that allows you to connect to any firewire card available . This allow high speed transfer of digital video to any computer platform that supports it -LRB- ubiquitous today ; PC , MAC , LINUX -RRB- . Do n't listen to the negative comments about interconnectivity . Sony gear also easily connects to USB devices . I can only conclude that the reviewer below had equipment that did not conform 100 % to the standards for both USB 1.0 and IEEE 1394 . This is good equipment , and worthy of your dollar .
 Okay ... I 've already burned through one set of wireless headphones at work , and searched through all the reviews here and other places before settling on the Sennheiser RS40 as the best combination of price and reputation . So far , they 've been great ! The sound is just fine given my admittedly not-picky ear , and lots o ' interruptions by coworkers . There are two things I really appreciate about the RS40 . One is the range -- even though I work in a building largely constructed of stone and steel , I can wander into the bathroom and down halls several hundred feet away , and still pick up the Reds game ! The other really cool thing is that I do n't have to replace batteries every 2 hours . The charge feature is wonderful !
 I have n't tried going beyond about 100 feet but the reception has been great . I think the sound is exceptional . It is easy to set up and to use . The on-headset tuning is easy and stays adjusted . The automatic battery charging when the headset is placed in the holder is a real plus . My only minor complaint is that the volume control and tuning wheels are close together and it is fairly easy to move the wrong one .
 This is an incredible headset . The headphones have warm , spatial sound reproduction with powerful bass response . The soft cloth covered earpads and lightweight , slim design provide a great fit.And the transmitter automatically recharges the battery when the headphones are placed on the base unit !! This is a great feature instead of fumbling with batteries , etc.This is the one to get !
 These things are lightweight , absolutely comfortable on your ears -LRB- and I have very sensitive ears - if there is too much pressure from the headphones , I get migraines , and I have yet to get one from these !! -RRB- , and have terrific sound ! We 've been using them pretty much daily for over three years now for both running on the treadmill while listening to the TV and for watching TV while the baby naps in the same room , and they continue to function perfectly !! I highly recommend these .
 I work around ridiculously loud coworkers , so I always listen to headphones at work . Problem was , I hated being tethered to my computer.After reading reviews on amazon.com , bestbuy.com , and circuitcity.com , I decided to try the Sennheisers . They were definitely the best choice of quality and value.I admit I 've only had them for a day , but they sound as good as my wired headphones and were a breeze to begin using . They also help tune out everyone else -LRB- bonus ! -RRB- . I do n't know what was going on with the few bad reviews I read - operator error maybe ? I was listening to music within 2 minutes -LRB- literally -RRB- of plugging into my PC . The headphones are not heavy and they are nicely padded - really comfy to use.As of right now , I highly recommend these headphones . The only reason I gave them four stars instead of five is because of my limited time having them and the battery is limited to four hours of continous listening . I 'm planning to buy an additional battery pack since it can charge while I 'm using the headphones -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- and that way I can listen all 8 hours while at work.If you 're still skeptical , the vendor who sends the product through Amazon has a return policy of 30 days -LRB- just double check this -RRB- so they 're definitely worth trying.It 's time to cut the cord - wireless is the way to go .
 These headphones are awesome . They are light weight and very comfortable . I am glad that I made the right choice !
 If you 're going for audiophile quality sound , then these probably are n't for you . If you want a convenient wireless headphone system to watch TV or casually listen to music while moving about the house , then these are great . The sound quality is comparable to most inexpensive corded headphones and these sound better than other wireless headphones I 've tried . They 're light and comfortable and you just stick them back into the base to recharge . Supposedly the batteries last 4 hours per charge , but I 've never tested that . The base features a slot to charge an additional battery -LRB- that can be purchased ... -RRB- and you can swap batteries quite easily.This model has 3 frequencies that you can choose from by pressing a button on the base . If you have two of these , then you can use them both by leaving the bases on different frequencies . The headsets can then be tuned to either frequency -LRB- so both headsets can be tuned to listen to the same base signal -RRB- . Unlike a cordless phone , where the handset switches frequency channels simultaneouly with the base station , this headset requires you to tune the headset to the frequency of the base station . This is n't hard at all , but this might explain why that other reviewer could n't get a signal out of this -LRB- so read the manual -RRB- . Along with the tuning dial , the headset also has a volume dial built-in .
 I do n't know what the guy from San Francisco did , but he is mistaken about the Sennheiser RS40 's . They are a great wireless headphone . I get great sound throughout my home -LRB- even through walls -RRB- . They are light and easy to use . I think SF just hooked them up wrong . These headphones are very very good . Try them if you 're interested in good sound and light weight .
 I was in the market for wireless headphones since I recently moved into a condo . I was all set to buy an inexpensive set of wireless Jensen headphones at a local CompUSA for $ ... . Well the reviews on Amazon were pretty unanimous , do n't waste your money , and spend a little more to get either the Advent or the Sennheiser RF wireless headphones . I liked the style of the Sennheiser built in charger better and the reviews were a tad better . So I followed the reviews here and I am totally satisfied.There are multiple jacks so I 've hooked them into my Motorola Digital Cable box RCA jacks and I am thrilled with the quality . I can move from room to room with no interference whatsover . Someone here said they had trouble adjusting the frequency , I found it to be a breeze . I bought an extra battery since it can charge a spare . This is a five star unit if you are looking for good TV quality sound . It 's not studio , but you are n't paying for studio quality . This is a great buy . And Amazon treated my order VERY professionally . Emailed me on the ship date , and gave me a UPS tracking number . I got it in 4 business days . I 'm glad I looked here first . Thanks everybody !
 I have tried a lot of wireless headphones . These sound as good as any and are more comfortable than most . They are light , have a nice balanced range with more bass than I expected with open air headphones . I have n't tested the extreme range , but they reach across my backyard . What more do I need ? You can pay more and get more features . If I want really hi-fi , I have studio phones , but for listening to tunes or books on tape while I do yardwork I could n't ask for more .
 The product is quite economical at $ 99 . The sound quality is quite good - but not exceptional . This product is not good for office use - as it let 's out a lot of sound through these ` sound vent ' kind of thing . So if you like listening at a high volume do n't use this . The broadcast quality is good if you 're at close range or in adjoining rooms . But if there is a door in between anywhere the headphone will stop receiving . For home use this product is ideal . The cloth ear pads are real lint attractors . The product looks and feels quite sturdy . The headphone is quite light and very comfortable . Sound response is quite good . It actually seems to depend a lot on the kind of input the base broadcast station gets . So if you use some kind of amplification mechanism - the sound should be quite good .
 Excellent product . I bought it because I love music -LRB- classical , rock , blues -RRB- and also listen to some radio online AND live in a small apartment in New York , so I ca n't play loud whatever I am listening to . This product will not give you absolutely hi-fi sound you get through regular `` wired '' headphones -LRB- this is why I have a pair of those as well -RRB- . However , it carries sound nicely and without much static at all . I you love music as much as I do , and you want to listen to it when you are moving around the apartment , doing chores and stuff , you will enjoy this product.piece of advice
 I use these for almost a year now and I am very happy with them . I use it mostly for listening to the TV when my kid is sleeping around and for this purpose it is just great . Occasionally I get a little static when I move around but since it happens rather rarely it does n't bother me that much . One of the features that I really like is having the volume control in the headphones . Also they are convinient to wear on my head - I rememebr I tried several other in the store before I bought and the others did n't have such a good fit for me .
 At first I was a little disappointed as I thought the sound had way too much noise - but then I figured out the quirks of the beast and I 've been exceptionally satisfied . Tip # 1
 I 've now bought this product three times , and I 've decided it will be the official storage method for all my DVD-R 's . I really like the removable Prosleeves , and I like the dimensions of the case . Two discs `` tall '' and one disc wide . That makes it much easier to open and handle the case than the 2x2 dimension cases.If I had any complaint , it 's that the handle gives the case a `` sportier '' look than I really want in our living room . But I do n't want to give up the Prosleeve II removable sleeves , and I want the 2-tall , 1-wide size , so this seems to be the only model to meet my needs .
 The product is OK . It converts 220/110 and 110/220 . However it works only for very low demanding appliances -LRB- up to 50W -RRB- so be careful . It comes with two adapters that alone cost between 5 $ to 10 $ in airports and big retail stores . So good Deal . Only drawback , it is very heavy and hence should be used with an extension cord on the floor .
 I got a couple of these to send to family in India . This is a very good product . Most converters heat up a lot after being in continuous use . This one does as well , but not all that much . Never had fluctuation with this converter either . I highly recommend it for appliances/electronics that are going to be on all the time , like phones and such .
 I bought it because it was cheap , and it worked perfectly on my trip . No complains.Although I feel there has to be a less-bulky , less-heavy option somewhere .
 This transformer pretty much save me the trouble of using an adapter during my 3 week trip to China . I 've been to Beijing , Xian , Shanghai , Suzhou , Hangzhou , Wuxi , Nanjing , Hong Kong , and other places I forgot and this transformer worked in all the hotels I 've been to . The transformer included 2 adapters for US plugs . I did n't need those plugs for China since the transformer uses a 2 rounded prong plug which fit in all the China outlets that has the 2 rounded prong . But be aware that some outlets in China also includes a V shape which will not fit the transformer . So buy a seperate adapter if you want to use the V shape outlet but I did n't have to use the V shape outlet in China . I combined this with the Kensington All-in-One adapter and both worked fine . I originally bought two transformers and the only problem I 've encountered was that one of the transformers blew a fuse . Not sure how it happened , my electronics were not damaged from it . I only used the transformer to charge my Nintendo DS and AA batteries . I recommend to bring extra fuses just in case this happens . I have not figure out what type of fuses it uses so I suggest you bring that transformer to a local electronic store and figure it out from there before making your trip outside the U.S.
 It works pretty well . It is very small comparing to similar converters . Make sure your instrument is in the same Power range .
 This is the first converter that is working , reliable and without any problems . What is great
 This is an excellent voltage converter for electrical equipment . But it is a bit heavy for travel purpose .
 It arrived fast and even though I havent tried it yet , i know it will be a great help when i go to Europe . It 's very good for the price I payed .
 this one was not right for my pc so I gave it to my daughter . She put it to good use .
 It 's good . Exactly what I expected . A simple cable that does what it 's supposed to do , and it was cheap to boot !
 Because it works . As long as it works , it deserves 5 stars even though it is Chinese made . Well what is not made oversea now ?
 This is so worth it for the price and could n't find one in town . Great quality ! Simple and cheap ! Awesome !
 The best way to buy , just click and save $ $ $ $ $ $ from your home , iPhone , any time . You will know is the best deal !!!!
 This item was purchased to use with my portable speakers , net book , and Apple iPod while away on business or travel , it has worked out great .
 This product works as advertised and more . It worked it is supposed to in no time . I would buy it again in a heartbeat .
 Needed this type of cable and this did the trick . It works exactly as advertised and at a great price and fast shipping , what more could I ask for ? Will deal with this seller again in the future ...
 Grab it up now rather than wasting time going from store to store only to find you 've used eight George Washington 's in gas to find nothing . Easy purchase here . -LRB- Note
 When I was attempting to connect a printer to a laptop , trying to find a male-to-male link was an exercise in frustration . Going from one store to another , talking to sales employees who 's manner ranged from helpful to surly almost caused me to give up my quest.When I decided to check the Amazon site , not only was I able to find my product but get it quickly.The cables work well . The price was right . All is well with the world .
 I needed a Male A-to-Male A USB cable for an external watercooling box I custom-built . It 's an odd and difficult-to-find cable to be sure -LRB- most are the A to B variants -RRB- , but I needed to connect up two female ports and this was the only way to do it . It was also black which fit with my color scheme . A little high in price relative to what they can be found for elsewhere online , but it was exactly what I wanted . Detected my device as a USB 2.0 - been working great for 4 months now . No problems .
 This product is just what I needed thanks to Amazons low prices and good deals .
 This cable is very handy to recharge my laptop computer . I enjoy having the convenience to recharge through mulitple power sources while traveling . A great handy tool .
 Just what I needed . Works flawless . Perfect price . Will always look to Amazon for EVERYTHING first ! An excellant assortment of cables , accessories , etc. at a great price .
 This connector is perfect for extending a USB port when you can not get to the back of a machine . It works well and does the job . It was priced right , too . I recommend it .
 Not much to say about this item . USB to USB . hard to find but easy to order . Could n't find in town so of course I tun to Amazon and there it is . Cheep , easy and works great !
 I had a cooling pad for which I lost the USB to USB cable . This one perfectly replaced and my cooling pad was up and running . The item arrived on time .
 the Usb type A male/type A male cable , 2.0 version , black 6 ft. works very good . Received in a fast and good shape .
 I 've been going to local sores trying to find a back up A to A cable and it was a pain to find . It works on the device that I need it for . It seems thinner than the A to A cable that came with my device , but I intend to use this only if I loose my primary cable .
 And so now that I have your attention from the headline I would just like to say that the USB cable is fine . It 's basic . It 's black and it works .
 I made a mistake when ordering this -LRB- my bad , no one else at fault -RRB- - its Male to Male and needed male to female USB cable . I had to purchase and adapter to correct it - but the cable works as expected , Great buy !
 It is what it says , how to review it I dont know . It works , its a usb male to male , its what I needed
 Product is just what it says it is . Could not find in store in my area , but good old Amazon had it .
 It 's a great piece of equipment . . , was n't what I was looking for , but is something I needed , so it was a win-win situation . Great price as compared to what I would have paid for in the store .
 the cable arrived in pristine condition . It was packaged and protected well . I have not been able to use it yet , but I do n't expect any problems .
 The usb coords were optimal and were in great conditon and worked very well I bought this product to connecto my computer to my xbox360 i have not attempted it yet but im sure it will work
 I was looking for USB Type A Male / Type A Male Cable to connedt PC and Sony tablet . This is very reasonable price and good enough .
 Great cable if you can find some use for it . Does what it has been advertised to do , I just no longer have a need for it .
 El articulo llego como lo esperado , no tengo ninguna queja dado a que funciona de maravilla , muchas GRacias . esperen pronto una compra de mi parte
 These do just what the seller said tey would do ... I mean , its just a USB cable , o no big surprise that they should work OK . But I did get it quickly and that 's a plus you do n't always get with all sellers .
 I got this cable because my monitor has a feature to upgrade the software but the input on the monitor is a female USB , same as on my computer so I needed a cable that was male on both ends . This was very inexpensive and delivered within a few days !
 I could not find this item anywhere in the local stores . I tried Walmart , Target , Radio Shak and Staples . I was thrilled to find it online and at such a great price .
 Needed a cheap cord to connect two things together . I ordered this on a Monday , got it that Thursday , and it worked exactly how I needed it to . Highly recommended .
 nice looking cable . but screwed up ... will keep it in my toolbox for future possible use . Thought could use this to connect laptop to my TV , but discovered the TVs USB input is only a service input . need to get usb to HDMI cable to use computer , maybe . must research further .
 the product delivered on time and was really good . I recommend this product for use with old device that still use the old USB cable
 What can I say except it works . Costs much less here than at an electronics shop where it can run $ 20 or more .
 it is a male to male usb cable , perfect for NYC especially in Chelsea . Highly recommended , do n't miss out on this wonderful item . May be the best Christmas gift your beloved ever got .
 Bought this to replace the cord on my external USB hard drive . Works like a charm ! Very inexpensive . Great buy !
 A 6ft usb cable for less than $ 15 . It works , it 's very inexpensive , seems to be of the same quality as the other USB cables I have . There 's nothing not to like about this .
 This cord is exactly what we needed to be able to connect our laptop to our router to adjust the password . Works great . Excellent value .
 When ordered , I did n't notice that it would be comming from Singapore . Delivery was promised in approx 3 weeks but it arrived in 10 days . This cable is heavy weight and as good as any cable costing 5 or 6 times more .
 It works . Thankfully . Nice work . Point A - B very cool . Technology is cool . Give me more ! Cool . I really need a job if I have to give a review for everything I buy ...
 I ordered this cable in hopes that I 'd be able to connect my 7 '' Android Tablet to my laptop . This cable does not work for that . I tried every solution I could possibly think of to get this cable to work . I even searched online for over an hour . This cable has lot of other uses , but not for these tablets . I gave it 5 stars because it works with everything else I 've tried . I hope this review is helpful for other potential buyers .
 i needed a samller cable not a male/male one but that was my smistake not the seller . but its works pretty good .
 very fast shipping and very good price was as advertised on website do not buy 7 in androids from china they are worthless but very cheap
 I needed this to replace my charger cable . Works perfectly for my needs . The length is good . The wire arrived fast . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Good quality cable at a price that can not be beaten including on time delivery . -LRB- Words added to make required 20 . -RRB-
 It had all the necessary features and requirements to be a cable . A USB connector on one end and another one on the opposite end . Apparently there was some sort of conductor within the cable to make it work .
 This was a good product and it functioned the way it was designed to function . The whole process was positive .
 SANOXY USB Type A Male / Type A Male Cable , 2.0 Version , Black , 6 ft. Prompt shipping . Product as advertised . Very happy with item .
 cables were as advertised . worked perfect . Great deal , priced very economical . Would recommend these cables to anyone . Would buy again
 Though this cord did not fix my problem -LRB- my fault , nothing wrong with the cord -RRB- I would still recommend it . It came promptly and functioned well . More importantly , if I 'd just bought it here in the first place , I could have saved myself a lot of running around . I went to many stores locally and no one had this particular A to A type cord . Several of the places tried to send me home with something they carried that was n't what I actually needed either , so I could easily have spent even more money if I 'd been less knowledgeable.If this is the cord you need , just buy it here and save yourself a major hassle.Since I did n't use it long , I 'm not giving it 5 stars but plenty of people here have used it for a while and are getting good results .
 Transfer speed is quick and its the perfect length , I was considering a shorted cable but I am glad I went with the 6-foot . Great price , I am surprised it was so cheap .
 Got what was ordered and expected in timely fashion ! word word word word word word word word word word word
 Great product , so much better than what I expected ... bought a spare one in case of needing it , but seems like I will not be using it ; but it was so cheap and i do n't care so much about it
 I was hoping this cable would work with my SATA external hard drive . However , the gauge of the wire is too small to carry enough current to power the drive . Nice quality , however , and a great price . Just not the proper cable . It goes into my cable drawer with all 126 other oddball cables . Ha .
 Excellent cable . Currently used to power my Track Clip Pro used with my TrackIR 5 . No problems yet and its been working fine for months . If your looking for a 6 ft USB cable , you 've found it .
 Good value for the price , the cable is very flexable unlike some of those cables that are very stiff and hard to roll up . I would recomend from the buyer and this product
 Arrived quicker than I expected . Packaging Okay . Product quality good enough for me ... Thanks amazon.com ! I ordered this product because of the 6 ft. length needed to expand the uses of various devices , and to minimize cord clutter . Definitely a wise buy .
 Item works just like the details , no problems no complaints and the price is a serious added bonus . I use it to transfer data from one tab to another works great !
 Its perfect . it 's new and its not scratched or anything . Well packed . the length is actually longer than i thought it would be so that was good
 SANOXY USB Type A Male / Type A Male Cable , 2.0 Version , Black , 6 ft , got this to connect my sedio charger for my rezound so that I could connect/charge via usb , or usb/ac , works great both ways .
 Thank YouBest PriceBest QualityOn Time DeliveryExcellent Customer ServiceWhat else you need as a customer?I bought this USB cable for connect my external hard drive to my Cisco E4200 Router
 I needed this cable to connect a laptop cooling fan to my laptop . It was quite a search to even find a usb to usb cable let alone such a good one at such an incredible price . Shipping was free and fast . I definitely recommend both this cable and this seller .
 as advertisedworks fine as expected . hard to get excited about a cable but I suppose I would if it did n't work perfectly so having decent snug fittings and working as expected keeps all calm and happy !
 There 's no need to waste money on expensive cables . Local stores always price gouge on these ; selling three buck cables in fancy packaging for well over twenty bucks . You may as well just toss money in the street . This cost of this cable is about all any USB cable is worth . It works great and I do n't feel like a fool for getting ripped off at my local Worst Buy . Definitely will buy here again when I need another good cable at a fair price .
 This cable did just what I expected it would . It was six feet long and black and delivered data from one instrument to another .
 Very happy with recent usb cable I purchased at a very good price through Amazon . This replaced another cable I was using and works much better and faster .
 it works like i thought it would , shipped fast . not muich more i can say . other than it works fine
 I would 100 % recommend this product costs little and is always better than using red white yellow . 6 ft is a perfect length
 I purchased two of these cables and both work great . I have used them with several devices and chargers . The cable is thin so I would not expect it to handle heavy duty daily travel situations for very long .
 Thanks ! It was a great price for the product . Ca n't beat the low price that was on this usb cord .
 I received just what I wanted and the price was unbeatable as was the service . The cables arrived on time , shoot they even beat acouple other items I had ordered a day before . Good service , price and quality .
 El producto es de buena calidad , adaptable a todo tipo de conexion , no presenta interferencia ni mal funcionamiento . Yo recomiendo este proveedor , buena calidad por un mejor precio .
 This is a good product . It helped me to hookup my computer to my Visual Land boombox . It 's pretty much what you see is what you get . It works and that 's about it .
 This was purchased to power a lap desk from a laptop . Works great and the price was good.Would recommend .
 I am six five -LRB- 65 -RRB- yrs old . I find Toshiba products to be a very good line all around . I have nothing but good felling about my buying experence . Everything was as it was presented . The Dynadock was top of the line , easy to understand , installed with no problems and works like a charm . I would feel confident doing business with these guys again and reccomend them highly , Father Foley SJS .
 i bought this by mistake for a digital frame but it works for other needs as well . j j j
 This is a high quality USB cable . It works great for our computer needs . Highly recommend . It 's actually long enough to be useful .
 It is a good product an a low cost . it also was very good service and fast . I would buy again .
 Great pricing , is the reason why i made the purchase , mainly I was concern with a back up just in case durable ,
 I would highly recommend them to anyone!I needed this extension to get the flux capacitor to work properly.It worked as described .
 did not come with end caps but other than this works just fine , with all equipment I have used it for
 very nice and afordable price , it was much expensive at the store and this way I got it in the confort of my own house
 You 're looking at this one because it 's the cheapest out there , but do n't worry about it breaking or not working . I 've had it for a few months and it works just fine .
 What else to say but this works great . Medium grade quality , medium grade weight , and works great . Nothing else more to say really .
 Good product at an unbeatable price . I could n't find a decent USB cable anywhere for a decent and reasonable price . Those thieves at RadioShack charge $ 30 for one , Best Buy same . That 's a joke . So , i was happy I found this at Amazon .
 me encanta el servicio fue muy rapido y conveniente me llego todo bien con la caja sellada y los cables .
 They work well and are a good value for their cost . There are no cons that I can find so far .
 Only about 99 % less than locally available ! Obviously a great buy , perfect quality and very quick delivery . I 'm almost sorry I do n't need more cables !
 This USB cable was in good shape when I RECEIVED IT . I ordered this so I could connect my printer to the laptop . No damages what so ever .
 This was a very good purchase for the price . I needed these to link my laptop to my usb port on my flat screen tv . Works wonderfully .
 I was really skeptical at first because of the price tag of under $ 2 with free shipping , but the item came in as promised as we exactly as stated in the description.Note
 It worked like a charm . Done exactly what I needed it to do . I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 Works exactly as expected ! Price was definitely right . The same item costs way more at the store , and that 's if you can even find it .
 Purchased this USB cable and it works just like a USB cable should so is worth the price and I would buy another when I need it
 This product is an amazing price for the quality it produces . As well as an incredible saving price which is extremely low for such a cable . Great delivery , arrived in just 3 days of ordering the product . To recap ; amazing product , amazing price , amazing delivery . All in all great service and speed . Thank you ELMENOS for this product .
 I 'm a disabled person who sits for most of the day , and several hours can go by while I have the laptop on my lap . I 'd bought aCooler Master NotePal X2 Laptop Cooling Pad with 140mm Blue LED Fan -LRB- R9-NBC-4WAK-GP -RRB- , which worked great for over a year , then just up and quit . -LRB- To be totally accurate , it actually took a while , worked sporadically , and over the course of two weeks it gradually stopped working . -RRB- Rather than buy a new fan , I bought a new connector for a couple of dollars , re-connected it , and my Cooler Master worked like new . -LRB- I also used one of those compressed air cans to blow out the dust . -RRB- Anyway ... a great inexpensive fix !
 Arrived on time , adequate quality . price was very inexpensive . Less than twenty five per cent of retail store and I would still have to order it .
 Just needed a USB cable with Male A connectors on both ends.Pros
 Came quick , was exactly what I was expecting and more . Amazingly cheap and much more convenient than going to the store .
 very hard to find . . in stores . . male to male usb cable . So I was happyto get the cable . . and for a great price .
 I bought this to see if a used camera worked or not . Although the cable itself seems to work , the camera doesnt . : -LRB-
 Got there within the estimated shipping time , and the chord works . While I have received several chords that did not work before , I was pleasantly surprised with this one .
 I bought these because I got a pair of speakers , which were bad , thinking that I wound need a usb since they were the speakers were the kind that use a usb and not a power cord . It seems that I was off base , because the speakers came with its own usb . I did return those speakers , but I did try out the usb to see how it would work . It worked without a hitch . It is very basic in setup , no cd or anything required just plug and play . I also liked the fact that these were 6 ft. I have my printer a little ways from my computer , and the length does come in handy . Overall , a very economical usb that works great . I would recommend this product to others if you need length , and an extra usb .
 This is a great item for its price . The first package was lost in the mail . I contacted the customer service and they were very helpful and sent me a replacement .
 Got these to try to hook up computer to flat screen TV , but realized we needed a different type after we received them . Cost as much to return as we paid for them , so we have some extra cable now . Oh well .
 It turns out that I ordered the wrong part ... OOPS . As to the product . It appears to be well made and would work for the applications it is designed for . Since it is a low cost item , I decided to keep it ... a need will show up for it , and I 'll be ready !
 This was one of the cheapest USB cables that I could find and the quality was very good . Cant beat the price of this cable and it does exactly what it is supposed to do .
 ordered it to &#34; slave ' my xbox to my tv screen and so far has sufficed for music and doing things not required by HD cables
 You can never have enough of these cables and available on-line for way less than what you pay in stores .
 The usb Male type A to Male type A Cable came in a timely manor and was as advertised . It is hard to mess up a cable .
 I have n't found a use for this cord yet but it was cheap and I 'm sure I 'll need it someday.Thrown into the bag of neat cords I 'll probably need one day !
 This order was received right on time ! They work well and were offered at a remarkable price , especially when compared to our local big-box stores . .
 Hard to find usb to usb now and days , after I broke my current one for my laptop chill mat , finding a replacement usb cable for a decent price was pretty tough at stores . These work beautifully and ca n't beat the price anywhere else !
 came a day ahead of expected -LRB- THE MORNING AFTER HURRICANE SANDY -RRB- and i live on long island !!! and it works 100 % fine , VERY long cable
 It did what it was supposed to do and at a good price . Was shipped on time and had a good price .
 Cable met requirements for an excellent price.Why do they have a minimum limit on words for reviews . Makes it so one does n't desire to do the task .
 Not much else I can say other than the cord works and it was the size that I ordered . Good purchase .
 SANOXY USB Type A Male / Type A Male Cable , 2.0 Version , Black , 6 . Fast delivery . Item is what I expected .
 This product was very useful . The cost was unbeatable . I would recommend this item to a friend . This is just what I needed .
 Great price for a great set of cables
 i didnt read the description before i bought it and i ended up buying the wrong usb . However , for the price its a cool little usb . 6ft long and the product is quality !
 I bought this cable to be able to recharge my Kaito KA500 emergency radio and this did the job.It 's a cheaper alternative to the optional a/c charger that has to be bought separately from this radio.I do n't know what that cable is worth for other use , like transfer of data etc. . .
 Twas fine , said mate , Twas nice responded sir , worked well , worked sharp , gave me a happy spark ! I see a signal from this item , oh how could I ever frown ,
 I needed a `` male/female '' USB to stream from the Wii Store online to my Wii . This cord was super inexpensive and came quickly . Unfortunately my computer is on wrong settings to fulfill my goal , but the cord is great none the less . Thank you !
 How can I stretch out in words -LRB- minimun 20 -RRB- what I used in the title ? I may seem repetitious , but `` I got what I wanted . ''
 It works and arrived fast . The length is just right for what I needed it for . Decent product all around . Definitely would recommend .
 After wasting time and gas looking fo a simple male to male USB in places like Walmart and Kmart , you would think it alost being 2013 they would carry such a simple item by now in their electronics department , I finally found what I needed here on Amazon . The Sanoxy USB cable worked perfectly for what I was needing ! The price was excellent , the product arrived quickly , and the 6 foot length was perfect ! When I have the need for more cables I will choose Sanoxy again rom the beginning .
 Just what I ordered , this product works great.Good quality fast delivery , my son uses on his game consoles and video stuff
 It 's a usb male to male A to A cable , you 'd think that it would be easy to find in one of those big box joints not so , they say they have them but they do n't . Shipping was a little bit slow but it showed up and works like it should .
 This Cable Work Great On My Weather Station And It 's Run To My Computer For Live Weather On The Internet
 The cable has been working well without any connection issues . Great product . Will definitely buy some more if the need arises in future .
 I needed a usb a / to / a cable to charge an external device without the original wall charger . This wire is cost effective , and it is just what i needed to plug into any usb powered device to charge and provide critical juice + to my smartphones .
 Product came timely and was as advertised ... usb 2.0 male connection on both ends . Quality is good and pricing was fantastic !
 Every now and then I need to hard-wire my wifi laptop to a printer and I lost my male to male USB cord . I drove all over to find one locally and was surprised to learn that NOBODY sold them . So I was delighted to find it here and for such a reasonable price . It 's a little longer than my other one so I do n't have to be on top of the other computer or printer while I work .
 What can you say about a cable ? It works as expected and I have not had any issues with it .
 The product arrived on time and works well , it was just as described and I would another if I need one
 one thing that would make this perfect is if it was retractable . its not the sellers fault it just is .
 Bought this one to connect with my external hard drive . did not end up using it because my router did not recognize the hard drive as external hard drive , but it was not because of the cable . Cable arrived in good condition and on time .
 i have used this to tie two computers together and it works great and great and great time after time and time again
 this product is a must for people who use computers a lot , sooner or later you will need to transfer imformation from on computer to another , this is the cable to do it with !!
 I am sure this is a great cord , its just that i ordered the wrong one for what i needed so cant realy review it
 Product is fine , exactly as indicated , price was great , shipped in a timely fashion . What more could anyone want or ask ?
 I bought this as an extension for my USB mouse . It served that purpose very well and has stood the test of time as I am still using it today .
 I ordered this cable to connect a modem that I needed to bea short distance from my PC.It is just what I needed , and it works great !!!
 Cables either work or they do n't . This one functions just fine , and the price was reasonable .
 Flip and other camcorders have little arms that pop out with USB connectors . In many cases , this means having the units hanging off the front of your computer while they charge . Kind of a heavy load , in my opinion . Many do n't come with AC power adapters.Male-to-Female USB cables like this solve a couple of problems.First , they allow you to charge or upload video to the computer without putting strain on the computer 's USB port.Second , you can use the cable with any number of AC and car lighter adapters to charge your Flip or other camcorder.These particular cables are well made and work for charging and data sync.But the coolest part of ordering these inexpensive items from Amazon is your Amazon Prime subscription which covers the shipping . The annual fee for Prime is well earned when buying small items like this.Jerry
 the title says it all . everything i have ever purchased from these guys has been a great experience . if you need a usb cable , have no fear : -- > buy it here < --
 this is a very good laptop . I have one now for over a year . Very good graphics , wide screen - love it , video memory is huge for the price ... Because it is widescreen , it is a lttle bit bulky . also the power adaptor is a little big . I personally do n't care . == update jan 6 2010 == still lives -LRB- with battery life reduced to 15 minutes -RRB- running Arch and Ubuntu Linux -LRB- system76.com is a better place to look for linux laptops -RRB- . No power jack problems as reported by others , but it hardly moves and is always plugged in .
 I own a JVC CD PLayer that has been installed into every car I have owned -LRB- 2 -RRB- over the last 4 years . I LOVE IT !!! It has the antishock and I have to say I could n't even tell you if it works b 'cause I never had to use it , it 's that GOOD . So , call me silly , but I am judging by my experience with this particular brand and it has been a GREAT experience . Therefore , I am buying this for my Mom , she has recently taken up Walking -LRB- for exercise -RRB- and this should make a GREAT christmas gift !!! Hope this helps all of you !!! Merry Christmas !!
 Living next to the ocean and having a hurricane it every 2 years , makes this purchase for a Chevy Blazer a no-brainer . Plus , they add a little bling under the hood .
 I use these at work and I must say that it 's great to be able to get up to get a soda and still be listening to music . I 've tried other wireless headphones and while walking , I tend to get static and other interfernce , with these almost none until you approach the maximum range -LRB- 150ft . -RRB- from the base . The sound quality is fantasic no matter what you listen to , and with SRS system built in it provides a fuller sound than normal headphones . These headphones are supprisingly light and comfortable , and you tend forget that they 're on your head . The only downside is that the battery only lasts 4.5 hours , but they provide you with 2 and a charging slot for it in the base . I highly recomemnd these headphones to anyone with is an audiophile and is tired of triping over corded headphones .
 My brother in law got me a set of these and I think they 're one of the best accessories I 've ever used . Sound quality is outstanding , I hear no static even 2 floors down when I 'm doing laundry , and the extra battery charges in the base so you can quickly swap out if you run out of juice . Comfortable as heck . I do n't know why the other person said they were n't tight enough , unless he had a really small head . I think the tension is perfect , but I 'm a 6 ' 2 '' American guy so your mileage may vary .
 I was impressed with the emergency lighting and radio capabilities by simply cranking the generator handle . There 's a small rechargeable battery inside that takes the charge from cranking the handle to give you several minutes of light and radio reception . Installing a pair of alkaline C batteries makes the radio and lighting much easier to use -LRB- no cranking necessary -RRB- but it 's nice to have the generator crank in case the C batteries go dead.The light at the very top is a single white LED with shiny reflector . It 's not super bright but sufficient while you find your real flashlight . The other light provides diffused soft lighting and helps to illuminate the radio dial to aide in tuning.AM and FM reception are pretty good and easy to tune with the external tuning knob . However , the weather radio section was a bit disappointing to me for a couple reasons.Unlike many crystal controlled or synthesized weather radios that have 7 discrete frequency selections via a selector switch to choose the weather radio channel , the Sony has a small analog tuning knob inside the battery compartment . You have to carefully tune and center the station in order to get decent reception . If you move out of your local area and need to find another weather radio channel , you have to open the battery compartment and retune . Pretty lame!Otherwise a decent radio with very nice build quality and feel .
 Amazon does not offer the best price on the product , if you have a ABC warehouse around you , they usually have it on sale.The product itself is very good . reception in am and fm is more than adequate . The sound quality is also very nice for a smaller speaker . I like the fact that it is water resistant.as another reviewer stated , you do have to open the battery compartment to adjust the weather channel . I find this helpful , not harmful . I have had radios before that had certain preset weather stations that were not quite `` on '' if you know what I mean . Having the ability to fine tune the weather station is something that I want . I do n't travel all that much , so I do n't have to adjust it much .
 I could n't find ANYWHERE in the description where it states the number of clips in the package . I ordered anyway as I only needed a few . When I opened the box , it contained a bag of 100 of these clips . They worked perfect !
 These clamps are very well designed . The screw stays in place securely before and during installation . The best feature is the fact that the hole in the bottom of the clip is oval , which means that when the clamp is not fully closed while installing , the the screw still passes through the hole while trying to install . It does not fight you for alignment.The screw protrudes about 10mm beyond the clamp when installed . Seems just fine.Screw stays firmly in place in the clamp while you are trying to start the screw into the wall .
 I needed some clips to use in tight places and these fit the bill . Easy to open and attach with the double end screw
 I use these to hold wires up and hide them and to hold my cargo net in place . Great deal , well made and I use SS hardware to use them in the weather . I would order more if needed .
 What can I say regarding these little clips ? they work as intended and allow you to mount a cable in a situation , where plain grips with nails does not work -LRB- i.e. when you need to attach cable to a reinforced concrete wall , where nail simply wo n't go in -RRB- . If it was a bit cheaper , i 'd be a bit happier : -RRB- Anyways , this is a great product , I highly reccomend it .
 First , I use this to organize utility closets with all kinds of ethernet cables hanging all over the place . These are great for holding down a single cable , but I use these to attach a wire tie , and then use a second wire-tier to attach a bundle of wires . It has brought great organization to my utility closet cleanups.The best part of this product is the dual head where you can use a phillips screwdriver bit or use a nut driver . I put the proper nut driver on my portable drill and I was pop these things in in seconds without fuss or waste . No stripped phillips grooves in those hard to reach places.I suggest anyone who works with cables that need to be kept orderly consider keeping a bag of these in their inventory .
 talk about hard to find in a retail brick and mortar . These are what the cable companies use , easy to install and adjust . Better than any of those silly nail on types .
 These cable mounting clips are great quality and so easy to use . We are currently installing camera and cable wire in our house and these clips grip so well and are helping make our wiring job look as professional as you can get . I 'll never use anything else again - these are it !
 This product is fantastic and worth every penny if you need to put your PC in a location where noise can be an issue .
 This is the only pen that I have found that instantly dries on glass . I use it on museum glass with great results .
 I bought this from Best Buy and it 's been perfect . Perfect sound and features ! NO popping noise with AM/FM radio . The previous person may have gotten a faulty machine . No need to call all of them junk !
 I have been using this machine for about a year and am very pleased . Admittedly I have extra batteries so the duration of use problem does not exist for me . One good feature that few users have picked up on is that this machine outputs PAL as well as NTSC . I do n't need this for output purposes since we do n't use PAL TV 's in this country , but the switches also affect the internal screen and allow a fullsize image to be seen without distortion . Thus for example if you use a DVD which is not set up for the 9x16 screen -LRB- most older movies are n't -RRB- and you try to watch it on the NTSC setting , used in this country , the image will not fully fill the screen . If you expand the image to fill the screen using the screen setting control , it will fill the screen but at a cost of some detail and a sort of screen door effect on the picture . Most players sold in this country have this problem . If you use the PAL and the setting switches on the AIWA , you can get a full width image with virtually no distortion . Thus you effectively get a bigger screen , since you get to use the full width of its 5.8 inches . I also appreciate the full size RCA audio outputs since they allow the use of better quality interconnects . Most other machines use a miniplug for this and there are few avaialble connectors and none of any quality .
 I wanted an ultra - cheap battery operated tv for blackouts during Florida 's delightful hurricane season -LRB- if you are thinking of moving to Florida , forget it , unless the idea of living for weeks without electricity , not being able to afford home insurance , paying California prices for houses the size of bungalows , and dealing with loads of transient people with shady pasts appeals to your sense of adventure -RRB- . It takes 8 C batteries and works just fine . It lasts about 16 hours on 8 batteries so stock up . It made the weeks without electricity more manageable . I also advise you to get lots of battery operated lanterns , headphones to block out the deafening sound of backyard generators , and a gun to protect yourself . Welcome to Florida !
 This little T.V. does everything it says it does . I recieved 6 channels right out of the box . Great for camping trips and power outages .
 This bluetooth speaker phone provices more 14 days standby time . And very easy to detach from a holder . Just charge when you 're not busy , and enjoy for cople days ! Also you do n't need more terrible actions to transfer from bluetooth to your phone . Just fold down the microphone ! Very easy to use.Sound quality is acceptable . Very large volume .
 This is a great little radio . It 's got great volume levels that can be heard throughout the house without distortion . It 's also very easy to set the time and alarms . It 's small and compact so it 's perfect for desks and whatnot . I definitely recommend !
 This is a very neat small footprint alarm clock radio . To be noted is that the clock has a digital display -LRB- Red LED -RRB- , however , the radio tuning is analog . Therefore if you live in an area where the radio stations are fairly congested , you may encounter difficulty in tuning to the exact station that you want . There is an FM antenna -LRB- black wire -RRB- attached that can be stretched out so that a stronger signal can be obtained.Here are the specifications for this unit : - Frequency Range
 Supported Apple Notebooks : iBookPowerBook 1400 , 2400 , & 3400 Series , G3iBook 500 MHzPowerbook G4 TitaniumSupported Sony Notebooks : Vaio F , FX , FXA , GRX , R505 & Z505 SeriesVaio SR , GR , & VX SeriesSupported Toshiba Notebooks : Satellite 1200 , 1400 , 1500 , 1600 , 1700 , 1800 , 2000 , 2100 , 2200 , 2400 , 2500 , 2600Satellite Pro 4200 , 4300 , 4600 , 6000 & 6100 SeriesTecra Series all modelsPortege 300 , 320 , 610 , 620 , 650 , 660 , 2000 , 4000 SeriesSupported Fujitsu Notebooks : Lifebook A , B , C , E , i , L , P & S Series -LRB- Not Compatible with E-6600 -RRB- Supported Panasonic Notebooks : Toughbook Series all modelsSupported IBM Notebooks : Thinkpad A , R , T & X Series , 240 , 365 , 380 , 385 , 390 , 560 , 600 , 701 , 770i Series i1460 , 2621-xxx , i1480 2621-xxx , i1500 2621-xxx , i1420 2621-xxx , etc. . Supported Compaq Notebooks : Armada 110 , E500 , E700 , M300 , M700 & V300 SeriesEVO N110 , N115 , N160 , N180 , N200 , N400c , N600 , N610c , N800c , N800vTablet TC1000Prosignia 170 , 190Presario 300 , 700 , 800 , 1000 , 1200 , 1400 , 1600 , 1700 , 1800 , 2700 & 2800 SeriesSupported Dell Notebooks : Inspiron 3000 , 3200 , 3500 & 7000 SeriesSupported Gateway Notebooks : Solo 600 , 1400 , 1450 , 5300 , 9300 , 9500 & 9500 SeriesSupported HP Notebooks : Pavilion 2100 , 3000 , 3100 , 4100 , 6000 , 6100 , 7100 , N3000 , N3100 , N3200 , N3300 & N5000 SeriesOmnibook 500 , 900 , 2100 , 3000 , 3100 , 4100 , 6000 , 6100 , 7100 , XE < XE2 , XE3 , XT , VT & ZE Series , XE4100 , ZT1000Supported Winbook Notebooks : Winbook XP , XP5 , Si , Si2 , X1 , Z1 & J1 SeriesXP5 Pro & FX Series
 I am a full time RVer and use my laptop as a GPS unit going cross country . I used to use a 12V to 120AC inverter and my AC power supply for power . At first I used a 140 watt that tripped off after about 30 minutes . I then switched to a 400 watt that worked OK but the cooling fan was noisy . I searched the Internet for a 12 volt only adapter and came across this item . I recently completed a cross country trip and used this adapter with absolutely no problems . If you need a 12 volt adapter for your laptop , this is a great one to consider . The frosting is that it will power just about any laptop .
 product was good shipping was to high , it appears making $ 's off shipping , I would not use them again .
 I bought one of these for the home , with the standard A/C plug , to replace my laptop power cord -LRB- it just wore out -RRB- and it worked great until I lost the small adapter piece . For some reason , the piece I needed did not fit snugly on the end of the power cord . I could n't just buy the tip again , so now I have purchased the identical unit -LRB- this one -RRB- , except this one has the D/C plug for the car . Fortunately , this tip fits snugly and also fits my old home cord . The bad news is that now I have to keep the tip with my laptop at all times , in case I have to switch from the A/C cord to the D/C cord . Hopefully when I need a new laptop I will need one with a different tip , so i will once again have two functional tips !
 Only thing I can say is that I used this for my laptop in the car while traveling and it keeps the laptop running and battery charged . Couple of things `` bothered me '' about this product ... 1 . it gets pretty warm charging laptop battery 2 . charge setting had to be set higher than battery rating for laptop to work with it .
 Wow , I do n't know laptop adapters have so many types as R.D. said . I also use my laptop as GPS and just need an adapter to supply the power for longer trip . So far it works well !
 This was my second replacement lamp , works like a charm . I have my projector running for 12hrs + continuously -LRB- never any overheats -RRB- The only problem I have is with the price , it 's too high but what can you do . I will be getting another replacement as soon as my 4,000 hrs . runs out again .
 This is , without a doubt , the best 17 '' PowerBook G4 case ever . Not only can it carry my G4 , it can also carry my Tapwave Zodiac , and most of my school stuff . It 's comfortable to wear and convenient . If you need a case for a 17 '' PowerBook , this is it .
 I 've had a Waterfield Racer-X case for my 17 '' Powerbook and it stored all of my equipment . When I ordered a MacBook 17 , I thought I 'd get a new case since the PB and case were going to my wife . My one major concern was whether the Brenthaven would store all my stuff . What stuff ? Two small external hard drives , extra USB and firewire cables , small USB hub with power supply , a portable mouse , 3-prong AC plub , MacBook 's power supply and cable , extra battery , ethernet cable , phone cable , IRISPen -LRB- for scanning text lines -RRB- with its power supply , extra iPod cable , and some printer paper.Searching the web for pictures of the Branthaven Pro 17 Shoulder Case , it was not clear to me whether the various thin-looking pouches would handle the mass that I carried . I 'm happy to report that everything fits and I have two extra zippered slots that are unused along with unused space in the compartments that I do use . The two main compartments -LRB- not counting the laptop section -RRB- can expand quite a bit more than I thought.The rest of the case is as well made as everyone else claims .
 The protection , convenience and room this case offers is the best . It is top quality throughout , looks nice and has tons of room for other stuff besides your 17 '' PowerBook G4 . It is a custom fit for that computer , though the case adjusts for the smaller ones . The shoulder strap is strong , convenient and comfortable . Well , one could go on but if you really care about that PowerBook this is likely the best you can do for it . Your computer could n't have a safer , finer or more plush home than this . It 's your luxury item in this class .
 I think this camcorder is good only if u are after a really good LCD screen.It is pretty clear . It is a very cheap price .
 I 've had 2 TrayDock enclosures with 3 sleds -LRB- one ATA , two SATA -RRB- for 2 years now . They are outstanding cases and have operated flawlessly . The only issue -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- is that the bright blue LED is very disconcerting in the dark , but this may not be an issue for you . Otherwise I can not recommend them more highly .
 After considerable research , comparing this unit to the similarly priced Sony TRV70/TRV80 , and the 3CCD Panasonic PV-DV953 , I opted for the Canon Optura Xi . I wanted a digital camcorder :1 . That was compact enough to `` take it along '' without it being a hinderance2 . That had acceptable low-light performance -LRB- by low-light I mean average lighting indoors after dark -RRB- 3 . Had a decent 16:9 widescreen mode -LRB- using the entire CCD -RRB- 4 . Had a decent interface -LRB- easy to use with good stabilization -RRB- 5 . No proprietary parts unless there 's a darn good reasonInitially I looked at the ultra-compact models , but their unattractive low-light abilities combined with the difficult ease-of-use -LRB- hard to keep stable , many buttons on a small area -RRB- made me change my mind towards these models.For # 1 , the panasonic was the largest and heaviest of the three -LRB- almost too big for me -RRB- , the sony the smallest and nicely designed . Since the Optura XI just came out , I never had an opportunity to hold it , but was pleased to see that it 's compact enough for my purposes.For # 2 , the Panasonic did not have acceptable low-light performance for indoor home use . Its 3CCDs give it the best color representation of the three by far , however it needs a considerable amount of light to make a difference - better suited to budget-minded professionals who ensure their subjects have enough light . Sony 's low light performance was only marginally better than the Panasonic 's . The Canon 's low light performance is top-notch . For # 3 , the sony has a ` wide CCD ' which allows for more pixels width-wise which was a nice bonus . The Canon and the Panasonic both use an ` anamorphic ' lens that widens the camera 's view and forces the widened image onto the 4:3 CCD , which can be later be burned onto a DVD as 16:9 that plays widescreen on widescreen TVs , and letterbox on 4:3 TVs . So all three had good 16:9 modes , with the Sony having a slight edge - and the bonus of presenting the image on the viewscreen as 16:9 as well!For # 4 , the Sony loses in my estimation - the fact that I have to use the touchscreen during a shoot to change a picture aspect was a big downfall here . Using a touchscreen during playback is nice , but I do n't want to have to use it during shooting and risk camera shake or losing my subject ! Also , I have heard many criticisms about Sony 's too-sensitive zoom feature . The Panasonic has great ease-of-use , however I found the myriad of manual options a little intimidating - a big plus for professionals , though . The Canon has a wonderful look and feel , it 's easy to hold , all its buttons are easily accessible , and its optical image stabilization is the best you can find.For # 5 , too bad for Sony , I do not want to have to buy memory sticks . Period . The nice thing about having SD cards around , for example , is the ability to transfer them to your PDA , or your digital camera if needed.If still photos are important for you , all three provide equally nice stills , with an edge in favor of the Panasonic .
 I bought my Canon Optura Xi two months ago . I almost bought a Canon GL2 , until I studied the spec sheets . Both camcorders have the same features
 First the caveats . This is my first camcorder -LRB- after my family 's circa 1980 's VHS camcorder -RRB- , and I 've had it for a week . I also seriously considered the panasonic pvdv953 , but decided on the Optura Xi because of perceived improvement in low light conditions , known Macintosh friendliness of Canon products , and hot accessory shoe . Though the Panasonic may have an edge in color reproduction , to my untrained eye the differences are arguably unnoticable.First this camera is n't the smallest , but it fits comfortable in my hand and the 3.5 '' LCD is nice . The zoom slider is easy to control , and most of the camera 's functionality is easy to learn . The `` special '' effects are cheesy and awkward to use . Luckily if you have good video editing software -LRB- e.g. , iMovie -RRB- you do n't need these . Optical stabilization works well , and it takes decent photos -LRB- the 8MB SD card supplied with camera is practically useless due to its size -RRB- . USB and fireware connectivity are plug and play , and work as advertised -LRB- on G4 laptop -RRB- . `` Low light '' filming seems to be something that 's continually revisited . What the heck does 1.5 lux mean anyhow ? One 60 watt light ? Shaded , bare , or broken and a lit candle in the corner ? This camera works decently with sufficient indoor lighting -LRB- think two 60 watt in overhead frosted fixture -RRB- . The low light modes are useless unless you hold the camera perfectly still . Since the white LED is underneath the lens to the right , the ultra low light mode casts a dark moon across the upper left of the video frame.When played back on my computer or on the TV , the video images look crisp and the colors vibrant . Overall I 'm very satisfied with this camera .
 Purchased this Camcorder in January 2003 . Did lots of research on comparable Panasonic and Sony models - was totally confused , finally went with the Optura Xi . Am very very happy - yes , it is bigger than the very small models . But I find it very comfortable to work with . The optical stabilizer is great - even video from a moving boat looks good . Another surprise - even though they say you wo n't use the still camera much on a video camcorder - I found myself using it all the time , so I was happy I had the 2 megapixels on the Optura . Not as high quality as my digital still camera - but great for web and viewing on the laptop screen . As a recent switcher from PCs to Mac - I have also been delighted with the ease of connectivity and use with my new PowerBook .
 I recently purchased this camera for $ 1000 -LRB- with the $ 200 rebate -RRB- this was a steal . I had a Canon ZR65 earlier and I was n't too happy with it 's low light performance and hence decided to buy this camera . The other thing I did n't like about the ZR65 was it 's inability to reproduce true colors.This camera is amazing . We took a helicopter ride recently and the pictures of the sky , the terain was stunning . Once we played it back on our TV , the quality was was as good as broadcast quality playback . It was truly amazing !!! I highly recommend this camera .
 I 've owned the Optura Xi since June 2004 and my experience has been wonderful . I am a novice user in that I have not spent a lot of time learning the intricacies of the many , many features on this camcorder , such as the aperture settings and things of that nature and outside of using the zoom feature , I let the camcorder figure out the best options for what I am filming.But what I can share is that the video is clear , crisp , and I give it very high ratings . The image stabilization is great and the zoom feature is awesome . The audio is so-so and if you are filming something that requires adequate audio , you may want to invest in one of those boom microphones that can be attached to the camcorder . The low light limitation is also pretty frustrating and the filming in my house did not have very good results more than half the time . I had to turn on way too many lights to get a halfway decent video . I have actually broke down an ordered the VLF-1 auxilary light to combat this limitation . I have n't received yet , but I am pretty sure it will vastly improve my problems when filming indoors.All in all , it has been almost a year and I still get a thrill when I play back something that I have taped and see the clarity and resolution . I have also made some great DVD 's of home videos , with music , cut scenes and narration ... pretty cool , indeed !!
 This cameras amazing one of the best canon has to offer -LRB- for the price anyways -RRB- this camera has great zoom features not to mention it takes great pictures which is half the reason I bought it . I recomend buying this if you have nice video editing software ... I dont think imovie will cut it but vegas 5.0 is very compatible with this camera . . I have not had a problem yet ...
 This step up ring worked just great for fitting a 77mm Heliopan variable ND filter onto the 67mm threads of my 18-200 lens on my Sony NEX FS 100 HD video camera.Does exactly what it should .
 This product is very useful ... protec the entry of the any usb dispositive , you can avoid that your data fall in bad hands . I recommend !
 These will work great for the bottom of external HDD cases that have no feet or rubber grommets . Only issue I had is I tried to order 10 from Amazon -LRB- with free ship of $ 25 order -RRB- and was only aloud to purchase 3 -LRB- Max -RRB- . They should write this in the description if there is a limit on how many you can order . Found this out after you make purchase and tells you in the billing that you `` exceeded your limit of 3 '' . Other than that they work great !! size of feet are 1-1/4 `` W x 1/4 `` H x 1 `` W
 My DVD player covered the vents on my Cable box . I added these feet to improve ventilation for my components . Works Great !
 they work great . they stay stuck to the computer case and dont let the case come in contact with the floor . good quality
 These turned out to be a perfect solution for a 2x3 ft granite slab next to our sink ... . water was getting onto the rubber mats we had under there , stinking things up.These feet are large enough and hard enough to keep that slab up a half-centimeter without need for a rubber mat.Great solution ... came fast ... . cheap ... great .
 These are great for an HTPC case or anytime you want to flip a PC or other device from vertical to horizontal use . They are great for this because they protect the bottom , raise the device to allow better airflow , and help transform the look . For me they helped change the look of a PC Case to a Consumer Electronic Component.I flipped a Raidmax R4 Micro ATX Case from vertical to horizontal use . I needed feet for this to work well and the large diameter and tall height was really important to look good , protect the bottom of the case , and to provide ample airspace underneath.I would buy this product again .
 Works great !!! I use it to lift my PCs and stereo geat off the surface for some air circulation and to stop all that scratching ! They smelled a bit funny at first , but that went away in a day or two after removing from its packaging .
 I bought these as a replacement for the rubber feet on my laptop . One of the original feet had fallen off leaving the laptop unbalanced . These were easy to apply and seem to be well attached , but they are larger than I thought they would be . They 're about 1/4 '' thick , which allows for suitable air flow while working , but also makes getting my laptop in and out of my bag difficult .
 I have a few HTPC cases , like the Realan E-I7 and E-I5 as well as theHabey EMC-800B . I use these cases for myself and for my clients . They all come with these tiny little bubble feet that are n't so great . I 've started using these feet instead and they look great . They stick well to the aluminum chassis and lift the cases that much more off the desk that it improves airflow to any vents underneath . You ca n't beat the price either . It 's such a small thing but it really improves the look -- giving the cases that much more of an A/V equipment look.If you like mini-ITX computer cases , be sure to check out the Realan E-I5 and E-I7 through a Google search .
 I purchased these for my 1.5 '' thick wooden cutting board . They worked great and I no longer have the problem of the board sliding around the counter !
 There 's not a lot to get excited about to describe Little Rubber Feet . In my case , I was in need of something relatively small & firm to raise the front legs of a bedroom dresser that had sunken into the carpet.These little guys were a perfect fit & raised the dresser just enough to prevent the drawers from sliding out on their own . They even have adhesive , if needed for slick surfaces . Since only two were required , I 'm already prepared for the next feat of engineering that needs their help .
 These have got a great amount of stick to them , however there 's one strange issue - they smell absolutely horrible ... from a distance . This is n't from me sticking my face really close to them and sniffing ... this is just from being a few feet away . When I open a pack of these - there 's instant bad stink.They do however serve their purpose ... so right now i 'll give them 4 stars in hopes that the stink dies down .
 The adhesive on these seems like good quality to me . These feet are made of a soft rubber which gives them a non-slip quality.Exactly what I needed , the plastic feet on my Raidmax Smilodon computer case were crumbling and I did n't want to pay $ 10 for new ones . I just popped off the original plastic feet , wiped the bottom of the case with alcohol to ensure the best adhesion , and stuck the new ones on . Now my case does n't rock back and forth ! I 've had these on my case for a couple weeks and moved my computer a few times with no problems .
 I used these to easily elevate a router . I just could n't make myself spend twenty dollars for the really nice ones . I 'm glad I did n't . There were no issues with the product . The adhesive was fine and they were uniform in size and shape . Got here quick too .
 Just what I needed for the bottoms of my speaker stands and subwoofer . If only they provided these with the products you buy . Very happy overall , would recommend to anyone .
 I had a desktop computer from Dell that lost a foot . I bought these , pulled the remaining three feet off , put these on and viola - life is in balance again -LRB- at least for the desktop computer -RRB- !
 I used these feet to elevate my laptop as all the cooling is at the bottom and it barely sat off the table . Now , ventilation and a cooler laptop . Go feet . Ordered more for satellite receivers .
 I used these rubber feet to put on the bottom of my E3000 router so it would have a bit better cooling . It was suggested on the DD-WRT forums . They do the job just fine . I sort of wish they were a little taller but it probably does n't matter . They stuck to the bottom well .
 Laptop had lost its rubber feet and I only had two left out of five . My laptop is cooler and quieter than ever before .
 I had to replace some rubber feet on my microwave and looked high and low in my local area appliance repair shops to no avail , look on Amazon and lo and behold access to many different styles colors and prices , these were and are a great deal ...
 Great TV with clear picture . Top rated.One thing that 's slightly deceiving
 I 've had the LT 40FN97 for four months now and am very pleasd with it 's performance . The SD pictures are overall great , and the HD is outstanding , razor sharp . While shopping for this at a local video store and comparing it 's picture to the much more expensive other brands I could n't understand why the other tv 's were getting so much attention from the other shoppers . The JVC picture was as good as if not better than all of them . The picture settings -LRB- color , brightness , etc. -RRB- took some tweaking before I was satisfied , but that 's true for any TV.I 'm not a gamer so I ca n't comment on this set 's performance in that area or as a computer monitor . I bought the JVC to watch TV and DVD 's , so for those purposes the 40FN97 more than met my expectations . The fact that it does n't `` accept '' 1080p input seems irrelevent in that almost all HD programming is sent as 1080i . What the JVC does is convert that to a 1080p picture , and it 's spectacular . For the price you ca n't go wrong -LRB- paid 1799.00 , have seen it since for 1499.00 -RRB- . Oh , and by the way , do n't waste your money on expensive HDMI cables . Experts and techs will tell you that there 's no difference between a $ 200 cable and a $ 10 cable . Got mine online for $ 7.00 and do n't see how I could possibly get a better picture on HD with a different cable.Anyway , I highly recommend the JVC LT 40FN97 for TV and DVD viewing.Update 2/09
 With some apprehension about buying a $ 2,000 television over the internet , we were very pleased with the transaction . The vendor kept us informed about delivery and then followed through exactly . The TV arrived on a pallet and well packaged for safety . We did have to get help setting up the TV with our home theater system because the manual was a bit vague and we tried all the combinations we could think of . We are very happy with the television 's picture and features . Even the speakers built in it are good .
 I use this MP3 player to run or in the gym . I did some research and there are actually not that many options for a sport , 256 MB player . I liked this one in the store and after using it , this is what I think ... The good : * Nicely designed * Arm band is adjustable and comfortable * Price - Not really expensive * Equalizer -5 pre set options + custom * Easy to use * Easy to download music -LRB- or files -RRB- to the playerThe bad : * Construction quality is not outstanding * Sound could be betterAnd worst of all ... : * Battery duration - a rechargable only lasts 6 hours * Sport headphones are REALLY tight and NOT adjustableAll in all I think it 's the best option out there and good value for money ...
 it was a good buy i was looking for this one as I have the PSA 64 and I like it but I wanted one with more space on it . The 64 does not have as much room as I would like . They are both great for what I wanted them for I am very happy with my purchase . As for how they load they both come with a driver type disc which is the way you load your MP 3 player . The disc 's that come with each one are made for the player they come with which is no problem at all . But the big draw back for most people that want this player will be in the fact that it is an older but well made and good working player but works the best in Windows XP Pro Sp3 . It was designed long before windows vista or 7 came out I found that out as my computer was designed for XP Pro Sp3 but some one gave it to me with vista and I changed it to windows 7 and could not get the player to load so I am changing back to XP Pro Sp3 not just for that reason alone . The reason being my computer was designed with Windows XP -LCB- ro Sp3 Mutimedia in to begin with but the person I got it from had put vista in it and it gave me problems so I did 7 and still have problems so I am changing back to windows XP Pro Sp-3 which to me is the best program out there . I prefer it over the newer programs but this is my own personal opinion . You can try what ever program you have in your computer if you want this player . I like it and will enjoy it for a long time it even comes with an arm band made just for the shape of the player so you can listen while you walk or jog . Enjoy it it is a philips-nike MP-3 player in a PSA 256 max .
 This is wonderful device for good money.Very clear and simple picture in 3D mode.Very simple operate . Easy install.I like this device .
 I love this Camera bag . It holds my HP camera , 3 + SD cards ,4 batteries in as shown and 2 horizontal along with cash which is a must for me .
 I waited for this camera for a long time before I took the plunge into Digital SLRs.I love to use wide angle lenses and hated to lose part of the image on it 's predecessors.I have been very surprised at how good the images are , better than any film camera film combination I have ever owned.I have also been somewhat depressed by the appearance of sensor dust and would see this as the major operational problem Canon needs to address.I am not convinced by self-cleaning cameras , they need to remove the dust not shake it somewhere else in the body . We need easy clean sensors or reasonably priced accessories to do the job . Not the rip-offs we are being offered now .
 I have taken some great photos on this camera . Its come down in price since I got mine a year ago so its even better value now . Good lenes are not cheap so expect to spend the same amaount again just on a couple of good lenses but for around $ 5k you should aquire a good kit . Battery life is very good . Build quality is strong . This is the one a lot of pros use . Only problem is when you fill up a memory stick with a bunch of 13meg photos , make sure you have a good enough PC to view them on because it sure slows down to a near halt . That 's where a MAC comes in use .
 This camera was ahead of its time back in 2005 . Even today with improvements in processing , new equipement , etc. , this camera is consistent , sturdy and has excellent image quality from 100 - 800 ISO . Net it out - other cameras provide additional bells & whistles but they 've really only caught up or slightly pushed past the image quality of this camera in 2008 . Here are my decisions for purchasing this camera
 Amazon had the cheapest price -LRB- at the time -RRB- and the camera is everything I expected and more . I upgraded from a Rebel XT . At the same time I bought two new L-series lenses - well worth the money . I 'm still learning all of the features this camera offers . The low-light shots are amazing - the speed is great . I 'm a semi-pro photographer and am extremely happy with my purchase - even knowing that any day now Canon is going to roll out the upgrade .
 This camera is everything I thought it would be and MORE ! I took it to Disneyland the week I bought it and took some pictures of the firework show and they turned out perfect ! I upgraded from a Canon Powershot S2 IS , and while that 's a great camera to learn on , the 5D allows you to I completely recommend this camera to anyone looking for a more professional camera that will allow them to use their full range of camera skills . I love love love this camera !
 Buying this camera involved me changing my bank and walking 5 miles in a snowstorm to transfer cash from one account to another . Why do you need to know this ? Because this camera is worth it!This is a VERY serious camera and , if you put in the effort , it will reward you.There are a couple of caveats though . It is a big beast and if , like me , you have the extra battery pack it makes it very heavy although it does improve the handling . Also , the supplied lens has a 77mm front element so be prepared to pay nearly $ 300 for a polarizing filter.Do you need this camera ? Well , if you 're asking my advice , probably not . Do you want this camera - oh yes indeed !
 The Canon 5D is the best camera I 've ever owned , hands down . I 've owned Canon , Nikon , Pentax , Olympus and Minolta cameras and this is the best . The size , weight , build quality , everything is just right . Most of all the image quality is unparralled . The Full frame sensor really does make a big difference . The pictures are sharper , with better color and less noise than any camera I 've ever used . There is enough resolution to make gorgeous 24x36 in . prints that look better and sharper than 35mm film . I took some shots at ISO 3200 and underexposed by one stop and pushed them back in RAW , and they noise was invisible on a 8x10 in print , you still probably would n't see it unless you were looking from an inch away on a 16x20 in print . I love the viewfinder and its great big view , no more tunnel vision for me . I ca n't even stand to look in a olympus viewfinder anymore , let alone try to manual focus on it . With the 5D the view is so big manual focus becomes easy and enjoyable again . this camera has really brought back the joy of photography for me . I was getting tired of all the photoshopping with other cameras to get what i wanted . But with the 5D I shoot and print , not worrying about post processing anything , it 's that good . Try one out , rent or go to the local Wolf camera and play with one you will fall in love with it , guaranteed .
 I 've used this camera now for 6 months and own 3 , 5D bodies ! I 've used it with the following Canon lenses :24 -70 mm f/2 .870 -200 mm f/2 .885 mm f/1 .2200 mm f/1 .8300 mm f/2 .8 I 've shot EXTENSIVELY with all lenses WIDE OPEN and have not seen ANY vignettely indicated by a couple of other reviews . Are you kidding me ? This thing is super sharp from center to edge.The full-frame censor comes in mighty handy when you need to crop and do n't think this is an insignificant thing . If you can perfectly frame all your shots then maybe you do n't need this capability.I would highly recommend this camera as the absolute be value out there in a DSLR regardless of brand .
 Despite the fact that the 5D classic is 6 years old now , it still beats more recent entry level cameras BY FAR.The viewfinder is bright and covers most of the surface of the actual photo , the screen is clear , and the functions are straightforward . High ISO noise is handled brilliantly , making pictures at 1600 usable , 3200 if using a noise correction software.Drawback
 Regardless of where technology takes photography in the next 5/10 years , this will always be a great camera . I have a feeling it will be one of those ` classics ' that some people will carry around forever .
 I am a professional user who has been using a Canon EOS-1Ds as my main camera for two years -LRB- so much so that I actually sold all my well-loved Hasselblad equipment that I could n't bear to see gathering dust any longer ... -RRB- . I bought the EOS-5D as a `` back-up '' to the 1Ds but have been using it as my # 1 camera due to it 's superior file size and truer color rendition . I shoot with Macbeth Color Checkers and have found the 5D 's color to be truer throughout the range than the more expensive -LRB- though older technology -RRB- 1Ds . That , along with the huge , bright preview screen , push it to the # 1 category in my book -LRB- at least , until the EOS-2 comes out this fall -RRB- . A note to those that wonder ... I did n't get a EOS-1Ds Mark II , because for $ 8000 , I did n't feel it represented a big enough leap over the 1Ds -LRB- that I had already spent $ 8000 . on ... -RRB-
 This is an excellent camera . I upgraded from the EOS 20D which was also a great camera . I upgraded for a couple of reasons . The first was the Full Frame sensor . The EOS 20D has a 1.6 X crop factor which effects your lenses overall focal length . On the EOS 5D you get the true focal length of your attached lens . Just like film SLR cameras . Awesome ! The one problem I 've noticed with the Full Frame sensor on the EOS 5D is it is huge . When you are changing lenses this sensor picks up every little piece of dust , dirt and fibers like a vacuum . I 'm constantly cleaning the sensor with a blower . I also had to bring it to a Canon service center . Just to remove some of the dust off the sensor that my blower could not remove . The Canon service center was very far from my home . -LRB- Very annoying -RRB- . I never experienced this problem with the EOS 20D . But , the images you get from the full frame sensor are far superior to the smaller sensor on the EOS 20D . The other reason I upgraded was the larger LCD . The 2.5 ' LCD screen is a nice plus . The images look bright and sharp.Overall I love this camera . Build , features and image quality are excellent !!!
 I am not on the Canon payroll , and I do not feel the need to carry their flag into battle . I just happen to wear a Canon around my neck a good portion of the time , so it is what I know . I am positive that Nikon , Fuji , Pentax , and Sigma all make fantastic cameras and lenses , each with their own distinct advantages and disadvantages . I can only relay my own experiences though , and all of them have been with Canon equipment.I have owned the Canon 5D for two years now , and I will be the first to tell you that it is not the perfect camera . At 3 to 4 fps , it is not super fast when shooting RAW formats . Its also not sealed up with rubber gaskets , which makes it useless in wet conditions . That should n't be a surprise though as it is not supposed to be any of these things . If I was concerned with water proofing and more frames per second , I would have upgraded to the 1D model for about the same price . Then I would have a fast , water resistant camera with a 1.3 crop factor . What was important to me though was the full sized image sensor . I wanted a digital SLR where my 35mm lens behaved like a 35mm lens , and not a 56mm lens like it did on my 10D . That 's what the 5D delivers , and does it at a price I could afford.From my experience , I can tell you that the 5D is capable of producing some stunning images . The full sized image sensor is definitely way more subject to vignetting in the corners than my 1.6 crop factor 10D is , but I 'd say it 's no worse than shooting with slide film . It 's also pretty easy to correct . You can either shoot in raw and adjust for fall off in Photoshop , or you can learn not to push your lenses as hard as you could with a crop factor camera . If you 're upgrading , you might want to save that old 10D/20D for low light conditions when you need all the f stops you can get . The crop factor eliminates any darkened corners that result from a lens being pushed to its limits.If you want the perfect digital SLR and can afford the sticker shock , look at the Canon 1Ds . It 's fast , full framed , water sealed ... and somewhere around $ 7500 . If you want something that 's fast , water sealed , and you can live with a bit of a crop factor , then the 1D line is what you 're looking for . but if you want a full sized image sensor , do n't plan on taking your kit out into stormy weather , and are willing to take the time to master the challenges and opportunities that come with no crop factor , then the 5d could be what you 're looking for . It may be a compromise or sorts , but it is an outstanding one that will make even the pickiest of photographers very happy .
 While the 5D may be less expensive than the so-called professional grade , the camera is more oriented toward the Pro end than the 20D -LRB- or 30D -RRB- with fewer of dial settings but more capability . Others have covered some other areas , so I 'll try to avoid repetition.The full frame makes a great deal of difference to me . I like to print large images and I like to use L or other higher end Canon lenses -LRB- with a couple of knockoffs -RRB- . There 's no tradeoff in weight of consequence or compactness . The truth is that I prefer the recent glass that is n't computed for the smaller sensor.I liked the 20D , a lot , and most of my gear carries over to the 5D . I now have three cameras that take the same card and battery . The 5D if anything feels and looks more rugged that the 20D while being very compact.But the pictures ? Great . The 20D was and is a first rate camera at 8.2 and its ability to use all Canon lenses , plus the EF-S for the smaller digital image.One person cited slowness over the 20D . I wo n't disagree with that , but it is n't a big deal to me . I typically use the drive for bracketing on the fly , but almost never for anything just to do a fast sequence , e.g. sports . I 've owned motorr drives going back to my days as a pro in the 60s and 70s and they have their uses . Esssential sometimes.But they are like autofocus . On occasion , you need to be manual . Whenever possible , I prefer to single shot or on occasion , a three shot burst . I find there 's less chance of missing what I 'm shooting.The `` Decisive Moment '' too often falls between the frames on motor driving . But that 's to everyone 's taste . I really am impressed with the camera and having tried it , look forward to a trip with it , with the trusty 20D as the second .
 I do n't usually write reviews but I was fortunate enough to be in a position to purchase this camera as soon as it 's available and their are n't that many user reviews out yet so I 'll add mine : This camera is a fantastic pro machine . It makes me wonder if Canon et al will eventually offer their top of the line 1Ds etc. in the same form factor -LRB- ie
 I researched a number of digital slr cameras recently , and evaluated a number of factors before taking the plunge and going with a system . I looked at Nikon and Canon seriously , and thought about :1 . full-frame v.s. crop sensor2 . build quality3 . pixel size4 . cost-benefit ratio5 . lens availabilityWhen I purchased the Canon 5D it was the only full-frame sensor at a reasonable price point . It still is ! The Nikon full-frame 12 megapixel is astronomically costly , and the professional-series Canons are way , way outta my range . My verdict ? Good cost-benefit ratio . -LRB- What does full frame mean ? For me it meant silky , creamy images with a big dynamic range and no visual noise . Within an hour of opening the box , I had breathtaking results . My ugly dog looked charming and loveable . The flowers on the patio looked wedding-worthy . My freaking lawn furniture seemed so inviting ... ! I 'm telling ` ya that a camera should be able to show you the world ... even your familiar world in a new and exciting way ... and it seems like magic that , even while learning to use the 5D , it allowed me to re-discover the beauty of my world ! -RRB- Full-frame also means no conversion factor with lenses . If you loved your old 35 slr film experiences , this will be like falling in love all over again . You can get for-real wide angle , and an 85 mm portrait lens shoots true . -LRB- As for Vignetting ... schmingetting ... get yourself some darn software if it 's a problem . You 're gon na shoot the good stuff in RAW anyway , so spring for Photoshop CS3 . -RRB- 2 . Build quality-feels substantial . I understand there are n't the weather seals that exist on the pro series , so be a little kind to your camera .3 . Pixel size
 It was hard -LRB- and expensive -RRB- to go from Nikon to Canon , but worth it . I always felt my Nikon could be sharper . I went to Canon for the Lenses and I 'm not disappointed , nor will you be . The D5 with the 24-105 L series lens is a beautiful setup , extremely versatile . This is not a compromise camera . Is it perfect , no , but a very , very good camera and lens.Mainly I use this camera for photographing artwork . I use strobes , and sometimes available light or the 580ex flash . So the lens is plenty fast for my purposes . In fact I try not to go below 5.6 for sharpness . Be warned , if you use the widest zoom , do n't fill the frame , there is definite fall off at the corners . The color rendition is beautiful , and nearly flawless right out of the camera , very little post processing is necessary . This was the most frustrating thing about Nikon . Sitting in front of Photoshop fixing bad photos simply sucks.Then why a rating of 4 and not a 5 ? I would like to give it a 4.7 , because it is not perfect , no camera is . I sometimes use a Hasselblad with a Phaseone digital back and that 's not perfect -LRB- $ 30,000 setup -RRB- . The D5 with canon lenses is not a Hasselblad , but at a 10th the price , it is damn close . Did I want the 1ds mark iii ? You bet . But for less than 1/3 the cost it is a much better value.Things I like a lot : Full frame , L series lenses , true wide angle , reasonable size body , good weight , buttons laid out well , easy menu , beautiful lens , great color , diopter adjust is great , high resolution for the price , good battery life , ergonomic , and a very reasonable price for a great camera.Things that could be better : Timer needs to be adjustable -LRB- Like a 2 second delay for tripod work -RRB- , one or 2 buttons for custom settings -LRB- instead of the stupid print button -RRB- . Easier white balance setup and control , confusing resolution descriptions , a pop up fill flash would be very useful in a pinch , time lapse control would be fun.Things others find missing that I do n't care about -LRB- but you might -RRB- : Not weatherproof , modest multiple capture speed , slow -LRB- ish -RRB- lens -LRB- F-4 is n't bad , and you can get very , very fast Canon lenses if you need them -RRB- , weight of the lens , slight crop of the image in preview , no live viewing on the lcd , no fill flash , grainy at very high ISO -LRB- I found the camera quite impressive up to about 800 -RRB- . Things that are unacceptable : None.A word about RAW . There are many resolution settings on this camera . From medium jpeg to Raw , and Raw with jpeg . This is mainly a studio camera for me , so burst mode is not something I use often . So I wo n't comment on the speed of capturing multiple images . Maybe if I do portrait work , I 'll be glad it 's there . But I use RAW with everything I shoot , you should too . As much as possible , anyway Yes the files are larger , but so what . A $ 40 extreme III card can hold hundreds of images . A 500gig hard drive can hold over 30,000 ! Here is the upside of raw . It gets better with age . Raw processing has improved from Photoshop cs1 to 2 to 3 . Old raw files I have actually look better in the new versions . So if you keep your old raw photos untouched , you may actually get better photos in the years to come . RAW allows amazing adjustment . With jpeg or even tiff , you ca n't go back . They are what they are.Summary
 Both my review and this camera are complicated , actually . If you are an intermediate or semi-pro photographer as I was when I bought this , you will be in for a rude surprise . This camera makes the 40D seem like a point and shoot.Now , when I say that I do n't mean it in terms of image quality . I mean in terms of operation . On every cropped-sensor Canon DSLR that I have used , the fully automatic mode will do for 90 % of shooting situations . On the 5D , the fully auto mode will work about 20-40 % of the time . This is pretty much a straight manual camera . This is a camera for the old-schoolers who like to take 5 minutes in front of a subject before snapping a single picture . I used to be one of those old-schoolers a long time ago with my 80 's Canon film camera , but I forgot a lot of the knowledge before jumping back into DSLRs with the Digital Rebel a while back.I used a Digital Rebel , a Nikon D80 , and a Canon40D . All of those cameras are awesome but you know what ? They spoiled me . They failed to challenge me as a photographer because they were so simple to use and so great in full auto mode.The 5D is forcing me to slow down and get back to the basics . It 's forcing me to hit the books again and have some patience . I 'm sure this makes the old-schoolers happy.Am I happy with this purchase ? You betcha . I believe I will hang onto this camera for a long , long time . If I replace it as my primary camera , then I will still keep it as a backup.O.K . so you probably want the pros and cons.Pros : Image quality
 Although the camera is a bit pricey at just over $ 3000 , it is a full-frame 35mm sensored camera , and more then $ 4500 cheaper than the highest price full-frame CMOS sensored camera which is the Canon EOS 1DS Mark II -LRB- selling for around $ 7500 USD -RRB- . Start up is speedy , focus with a USM lens is extremely fast and saving large images to even a standard CF card is miles ahead in speed as opposed to my first camera , a Nikon 5700 -LRB- which I do n't recommend anyone buy -RRB- . Lots of versatility built into the camera and great pictures come out of it.Feature-rich camera , well built and a delight to use . The one I just bought is a company camera , but I 'll probably buy another one for my personal use . Lots of good lenses available , but the best ones are not cheap . Buy the camera from a reputable seller like Amazon . Stay away from shady characters like Express Camera and other NY area retailers who originally price the camera low just to hook you into buying overpriced gray market lenses . At first they say the have the camera in stock and as soon as you reject their junk lenses , they then say the cameras are on back-order and wo n't be able to ship for 10-12 weeks . And then for no real reason given , just cancel your order . I 'd never hesitate to buy from Amazon.com .
 Like most of the folks that are reading this review I tend to do a fair amount of research before making a purchase , any purchase . Well four years ago I picked up the original Canon 300D Digital Rebel . It was a great camera to learn with and I still enjoy looking back at my progress over the years.If you read any forums or discussions on photography web sites you will no doubt find that most experienced photog 's will tell you to spend your money on glass before the camera itself . That 's the path I took and I could not be happier now that I have a great body to go with some great lenses.Instead of upgrading my archaic 300D -LRB- pushing a strong 6.5 MP , useless above 400 ISO , in my opinion -RRB- over the years I 've upgraded glass with a 15MM f/2 .8 fisheye , 24-70 f/2 .8 L , 70-200 f/2 .8 L IS and a really sweet cheap lens - 50MM f/1 .8 -LRB- everyone should have this lens , buy it now if you do n't already have it -RRB- . Finally I had the focal ranges covered -LRB- for now -RRB- but I really hated how long my 24-70 was on my Rebel . This is the only reason I went for the 5D instead of the 40D . Honestly , most people will never know the difference between 10MP and 12MP or 3fps and 6fps . A full frame sensor is a whole new game when compared to a crop camera . Believe the hype.Aside from the fact that my wide angle lenses are now actually `` wide '' the high ISO blew me away on this thing . Crank this sucker up at 1600 and 3200 and take some photo 's in low light , without a flash . Go ahead , try it . Incredible.So far this camera is worth every penny . My only complaint would be that the on/off switch is a pain to use but I 'm betting they do that to prevent you from turning it off accidentaly . I guess I also wish the ISO was displayed somewhere without having to press the button . And finally , like others have said , who really wants that direct print button?If you are trying to decide between the 40D and the 5D consider your lenses . If you like long zooms , sports , etc. you will likely want the 40D . If you enjoy wide angle lenses , do n't need the burst rates and can see the value of the full frame - get the 5D . Also , if you do n't want to find yourself `` needing '' a Canon L lens or two , do n't go full frame just yet .
 This Camera is excellent for the Prosumer . The full frame is a big plus , looking through the viewfinder on this camera compared to a APS-C size is a big difference . The picture quality is excellent , and it has a great tolerance for noise at high ISO speeds.I would definitely recommend this camera .
 Image quality and build quality are very good in the 5D , but there are some possible shortcomings.For families with multiple users at different stages on the learning curve , the 5D lacks the easy `` Pic '' modes found on many other EOS cameras . Additionally , the lack of a built-in flash means you 'll need a bulkier , heavier flash unit.For action photographers , the 3 fps are a bit poor , especially compared to Canon 's own 30D -LRB- 5 fps -RRB- . Additionally , the full size sensor will perform best with newer lenses . In particular , older wide-angle zoom lenses will suffer . Optics still play a critical roll in today 's cameras , and Ferrari 's run best on premium.The 5D is a tremendous tool used properly . This is a very strong camera for studio or landscape photographers , where image quality is everything .
 50 years from now if you go to the Smithsonian Museum you 'll find the Canon 5D on display . It is the first pro-sumer level DSLR that has a full sized frame sensor . If you do n't know why that 's important - you have no business buying this camera . If you do , then you already know why this camera is so special.The build is top notch . Solid feel , well laid out controls , wide selection of accessories , everything you could want in a top of the line camera . I honestly ca n't think of anything I would have done differently . Some of the professional reviews mention little picky things that they would change , but for me this camera is perfect .
 a 5 star camera for sureWe increased the quality of our photos by at least 20 % from the D 30
 This camera is superior in almost every way . I quibble a bit about the location of some of the controls . For example , the on/off switch is not in a great location , Nikon has a better location for this on its cameras . This type of complaint aside , which is entirely subjective in nature , You ca n't find anything better .
 The price started dropping like a rock ever since Nikon full framers hit mass production and now it 's almost down to EOS 20D level . The Canon is simpler to use compared to Nikons . Much less buttons & software wizbang , but as a means of getting a picture onto a full size sensor , they do the same thing.When scaled down to internet resolutions , the benefit of full size sensors ca n't be beat . Shots at 1600 ISO are indistinguishable from 100 ISO at internet resolution.At full resolution , there is more noise in the shadows than there was on the EOS 20D . They have to shrink pixel size even with the larger sensor to sell more to the armchair experts .
 First off , let me say that I am not an expert by any means . What I have to say about this camera is from someone who knows the bare minimum about this stuff . The quality of the images both still and filmed are amazing . This camera gets some of the best footage with low lighting that I 've ever seen . The lenses are relatively inexpensive for this type of camera and very high quality for the price . I was able to purchase an entire camera package including lenses , flash cards , extra batteries , other random equipment and a case to carry them all in for around $ 3500 . For the professional level product you get with this camera , that price is a steal . If you 're looking to get nice looking pics , I 'd say stick with your camera phone . If you 're looking to take really amazing , professional quality pictures or video , then this is one of the best investments you can ever make .
 What can you say ? World class camera , phenomenal lens ? Best of the Canon series ever ? Everything and more?Only question is obvious , workhorse camera that has been issued for several years now . What will be it 's replacement ? Hard to believe there will be a better performing camera for the dollar value . As to the lens
 We use this camera only for professional work . We ca n't even dream a better camera than this for this budget.Only problem we have is that the camera is so good it shows of the defects when we use a cheap lens !
 The camera is amazing but to bad the one i received from amazon was defective . I tried to get them to do an exchange but they said they could not replace the item . So i had to return it and wait a month for my refund and purchase it from a local dealer in the meantime for $ 300 more .
 THE CON : I 've own this now for 6 months , i shoot weddings & portraits . I did alot of tests , especially the picture modes.Well do n't waste your time with these , their all bad , with theexception of the landscape . You 'll just end up using the Standardmode for best all arround shooting . The venetting does accure arround the edges , mostly in low light.Worst of all is the color ballance or White ballance in Auto mode . For what ever reason it has a hard time . My D60 out performs it here big time , not sure why . So you may have to shoota grey card to get your White ballance more accurate.THE PROS : Quality of the pic is excellent , color saturation is awsome.Blow up of 2 ` x3 ' was excellent detail , no noise.I 've found the focus of mine to be real good , no problems here.Ease of use after learning curve becomes easy , just read the manuel.CONCLUSION : I would buy again except for that AWB problem . Now i have owned both the D60 and the 10D and neither seemed to have this problem as bad . I use this mode when doing weddings because I 'm always on the move and go from one differ n't light sorce to another inbetween shots -LRB- Tungsten to Daylight -RRB- . I still think Canon is the best and will alway buy their products .
 Just got the 5D . . traded in my 20D ... the 5D is a more solid camera with a full frame sensor ... pictures are great and it is easy to use if you are familiar with the Canon system ... a little pricey , but worth it !! You 'll use it for years !
 and I 've owned a ton of cameras . too many features to get into about this wonderful piece of equipment . Buy it ... you wo n't be disappointed.Timtfarrisphotography.com
 I bought this camera after using the EOS Rebel 2000 Film camera for 7 years . I bought it because of its Full frame sensor.The camera is very sharp at all ISOs upto 800 . The camera is great for most lighting conditions with default settings . It needs some experimentation for dealing with difficult lighting conditions -LRB- high contrast outdoor and indoor -RRB- .
 Look no further if your looking for a DSLR in this range ... Absolutely fantastic ... I did my homework for 6 months and decided on this model ... I went from a P&S ; camera to this ... A little learning curve but what do you expect from a camera that delivers so much ... I could rant on but if your looking for a great DSLR , this is it ... I did however purchase the body only and picked another lens to go with it ... Canon EOS 40D 10.1 MP Digital SLR Camera -LRB- Body Only -RRB- Excellent buy as well and I searched all the safe competitive sites ... Amazon has the best price for this item ...
 I switched from the Nikon D70s to the 5D -LRB- I 'm a 38-yr Nikon `` system '' photographer , work in all the big museums , MoMA , etc. , and dearly love photography -RRB- . Canon is the better camera , no doubt . But Canon people -LRB- as my dealer warned me -RRB- have no concerns for the customer whatsoever !!!!! I 'm actually thinking about returning to Nikon just to get away from Canon `` support '' ... they 'll neither stand behind you or their equipment . This may become very , very important some day . And you 'll find yourself left out in the cold.Good camera , bad people.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED - AVOID !!!
 It is HARD to take a bad picture with this camera ! Until Canon replaces it with something else -LRB- the 7D ? -RRB- it remains king . Yes , it is not weather sealed like its ` big brother ' , but you wo n't get tendon damage either using this baby . I have read of wedding photographers making this their main body and switching the 1D to the backup realm simply due to the fact of wieght and bulkiness
 Having used the 20D 30D and now the 5D I can not tell you how much better it is.The resolution and saturation of the full frame sensor just leaves the 1.6 frame 20/30D in the shade.The camera is almost identical smaller framed brothers so making the change to the 5D is easy.The only thing you will notice is the speed.The 5D is slower than the 20D and 30D so if you are looking for 8fps then you will have to go the next step.Oh and the battery grip is also a must if you are gong to be away from a power point for long periods of time.I 'm on location in Bangladesh right now so have to carry backup battery 's .
 This 5D is extremely fast in transmitting data to the Compact Flash card . I had no idea as to whether I should purchase a 40x , 80x or 133x card . I wrote to Canon 's Customer Service and got a reply back the same day -LRB- I recount this to counter the negative report on Canon 's Customer Service above , but that person 's request may have been different . -RRB- Canon replied that they do not reveal how fast their 5D can transmit data to the Compact Flash card , saying it only matters if you are in the continuous shooting mode and then you do n't need the fastest card . At the time of my writing , the fastest card is the 133x -LRB- AKA 20MB per second -RRB- . So my interpretation of this is that an 80x is probably all you need , even if you do continuous shooting.On the difficulty in viewing the LCD screen in bright sunlight , check out the FlipUp -LRB- tm -RRB- LCD caps -- they make one for the Canon 5D .
 This is my DSLR of choice & was the obvious choice for my full frame moveIt has justified my faith & produces consistent quality imagesIt is not the most dust or weather resistant but I can live with an occasional sensor wet cleaning
 Has help up well through 80 + weddings and is still going strong - has been replaced by the Mark II but my 2nd shooters still use this camera and enjoy it .
 I have researched for one of the best DSLR cameras without breaking the bank and have found it in the 5D model . A very flexible camera , truly a masterpiece for shooting landscapes and portraits as well as anything in between , the 5D fulfills any needs I had prior to owning it . My only wish is that it had a more flexible bracketing system , such as 5 frames bracketing instead of 3 frames . Still , worth its weight in gold , the 5D is the one DSLR I would recommend for any job and for any serious amateur or pro photographer out there .
 I really like this camera . Its easy to use and for those who want to just point and shot you can , Its pretty smart that way but I prefer to set my own white balance . I love this camera ! I cant say enough good things about it . The 2 draw backs I have found are the sensor I would like a self cleaning sensor , and the weather proofing could be just a tad better . I am new to the world of big cameras . So maybe I 'm being picky , and so far the 2 drops of water I have gotten on the camera have n't hurt it . But it did scare me to death . The EF 24-105mm f/4 L IS USM Lens I got with the camera is a fantastic lens . I call it my walk around lens It does people , scenery , pets , all of it . I like it , its on the camera 99 % of the time .
 I 've nothing but good things to say about this camera and it 's files . Beautiful and worth every cent .
 I got this as an upgrade from my 350d -LRB- rebel xt -RRB- and it is fantastic . If you have a good collection of lenses , you will notice the upgrade in performance , though on my 28 1.8 prime , the distortion was a little more pronounced than it was on the 350d . Another thing I wish I had considered was the 5d kit -LRB- with 24-105 -RRB- which offers a significant discount on the lens .
 Hi folks , I 'm a Professional Photographer of over 20 years . I recently purchased a Canon 5D from Amazon because an editor was needing bigger files than my Canon 1D Mark II bodies would provide . I initially bought the 5D from Amazon because they were a hundred dollars cheaper than my regular camera gear source.The camera arrived overnight and one of the buttons did n't work . I contacted Amazon and they overnighted an identical camera to me and gave me 30 days to send the broken camera back . This blew me away - that they would do that for me . This is the kind of vendor that I love doing business with.A few weeks later - I decide I want another 5D body . I 've been shooting with the 5D and just love it . So , yesterday evening I ordered another 5D body from Amazon and had it overnighted . A few days ago I joined the `` Amazon Prime '' program ... which allows me to get 2nd day shipping for free or overnight shipping for $ 3.99 . Yesterday when I ordered my new 5D , I went with overnight shipping for $ 3.99 . The camera arrived this morning in perfect working order.I was reluctant to order electronics from Amazon at first . I 've always thought of Amazon as a `` bookstore '' . But after my recent experiences with Amazon , I would not hesitate for a moment to buy anything from these guys . They have proven to me that they are worthy of my business and for that - they 'll get more of my business in the future!Oh and by the way - the Canon 5D is a beautiful camera . I sold both of my Canon 1D Mark II bodies and replaced them with 5D bodies and could n't be happier!Good luck & happy shooting !!!
 This camera is a dream to work with in almost every way imaginable ! The pictures are consistently amazing and true to what I intended to shoot ; right down to exposure , color , etc. . A feat seemingly more and more difficult on some of the newer canon models -LRB- XTi for one -RRB- . The big downside for me , which I found more of an oversight in design than anything , is the large amount of dust accumulation in both the view finder , and on the sensor itself . Even after thorough sensor cleaning with the Eclipse and Sensor Swabs -LRB- 9 to be exact ... ouch that 's nearly $ 50 -RRB- , you will never quite have a clean shot above f/16 . This is , combined with the dust in my view finder -LRB- which is a shame because it is a beautifully bright view finder -RRB- my largest complaint.I know that all Dslr 's eventually need a sensor cleaning , but the 5D excessively so . Be prepared to pony up both the gusto to clean yourself and the added expense . In contrast , on my 1 series Dslr a single pass cleaning lasts me months -LRB- 5-6 -RRB- with flawless shots stopped down to f/22 . I know , I know , use Photoshop for the spots right ? Well I do and good luck should one of them appear in an area you can not clone because you need the detail -LRB- I find this more so in macro shooting only -RRB- . But in short , I do love this camera . I would much prefert to rate it 4.5 / 5 . It is with me 99 % of the time I am not at home . I would recommend it to anyone who wants a top notch FF sensor , even with is dusty flaws .
 I upgraded to the 5D from a 60D , and honestly it was the best choice I have made in my photography business so far . While I do n't have any qualms about the 60D -LRB- for what it was , it was amazing -RRB- , the full frame 5D has really rocked my world.I know a lot of people complain about the build quality , and how plastic and cheap the scroll button feels , and how crappy the LCD looks , I say , `` who cares . '' As for the build quality , compared to the 60D my 5D feels like a tank . Also , my hands are long , for a girl 's -LRB- I 'm pretty sure -RRB- , and I love the feel of the camera in my hands . The scroll button does n't bother me , because it does n't affect the picture quality , and while the LCD screen does indeed suck , it really does n't matter . Of course , it would be nice to be able to tell if the white balance is set correctly , etc. . I am a firm believer in knowing your cameras backward and forward . Get used to the white balance settings , etc. , and you will love this camera . The LCD is perfectly adequate in showing proper exposure , in my opinion , so it does n't really bother me that it looks crappy in camera . When you pull those pictures up on your computer at home , it will be like your first bite of Nutella spread on graham crackers -LRB- off brand , of course . -RRB- , delicious , smooth , and creamy.Let 's see . Oh , yes , apparently the way the menu , and other settings are on the 5D are horrible and difficult . I have not really noticed this . There may not be little short cut buttons everywhere , but again , if you know your settings it 's really not that hard to get used to , and I do n't find that it hinders my photography at all.As to the picture quality , oh my . As I said , I went from my 60D , which had higher ISO settings , more megapixels , more frames per second , etc. , and I am so happy I upgraded I ca n't tell you enough . As to the ISO , of course it would be lovely to be able to shoot in lower lights , like at a wedding , for instance , but it has not bothered me at all . The full frame sensor makes up for it all , and I have been able to take pictures at sunset , at low ISO 's with no trouble whatsoever , and the pictures are so beautiful , and creamy , and lovely . Less noisy as well.The color quality on the 5D , I think , is remarkable . With my 60D , no matter where I set my white balance , or how much I tried to de-saturate , skin tones were orange , colors were annoyingly intense , and I spent so much post processing time , adjusting color temperature , and taking out orange , and red , and yellow , and almost every other color . With the 5D the colors are beautiful , accurate , amazing !! I can not stress this enough . Not only does it cut back on editing time , which for me is very valuable , but the pictures are a joy to see , because they are so crisp and clean , and pure looking . I love it.In conclusion , I ADORE this camera . I could say more , but you get the idea . It 's a joy to shoot with , produces amazing pictures , and is the kind of camera one wants to grow old with . ; -RRB-
 * Update II * Just tried DxO Optics Pro version 5 for the 5D and my lenses . It fixes distortions , noise , exposure etc. that will transform your images into amazing ones automatically . It costs twice as much for full frame bodies -LRB- 3 bills -RRB- vs crop but is worth every penny . Even if you use photoshop or whatever , just give the demo a try -LRB- dxo.com -RRB- and see what I mean !!! * Update * - currently using the Ee-S focus screen for DOF preview with my 50 1/4 since the standard screen could not handle the speed . It 's a great upgrade . Focusing -LRB- manually -RRB- pops in perfectly . Highly recommended . Works well with slower lenses as well , just a slightly darker viewfinder.Five years ago I bought a Canon S40 -LRB- after using my father 's Canon Pro 70 -RRB- and at the same time I saw the 1DS and fell in love with the viewfinder and just knew full frame would be my next camera if my EYE improved . Well , this summer I upgraded to the 5D . It was so much fun testing out new cameras because to me they are all just tools to help capture the images my eye sees . I narrowed it down to three different bodies ... Nikon D200 , Leica M8 and Canon 5D . All three cameras are excellent . The Nikon being the most feature rich . Leica , the best craftsmanship and simplest in design , and the Canon neatly settling in the middle . Being that I like to shoot without flash 95 percent of the time , higher ISO performance was most important . The Canon 5D pulled away at ISO 400 and beyond while still maintaining excellent dynamic range . One can use slower lenses because ISO 400 and higher are so clean . And speaking about lenses , I found it so much easier to decide on what to buy for my purposes -LRB- 50 / 1.4 and 70-300 DO -RRB- . Because a 50mm is just that , I use my feet and snap away . With the crop factor , it was not so easy . Just because a 35mm gives you a similar view as a 50mm on full frame the images look more distorted and just different . Also , should one buy digital only lenses or full frame ones for the Nikon since they now have a full frame D3 on the horizon . As for Leica , it had a 1.3 sensor so things would be interesting as well.Also surprising was how pictures looked when printed . The Nikon was good but not quite up to the Canon and Leica -LRB- dynamic range -RRB- level . The Leica was truly impressive until pictures with higher ISO printed . Here the 5D shined and the larger I printed the bigger the difference not to mention the level of detail that was rendered . Bokeh was really smooth too . What was truly amazing however , were images printed at ISO 3200 after a run through noiseware . This left me speechless.Actually , as good as the 5D performed I realized it 's not perfect by any means of the imagination . It lacks a lot of pro features -LRB- because it does n't want to step on big brother 's toes - 1Ds II -RRB- like weather sealing , 5 fps , dedicated mirror lock-up button , and auto iso . It does however , makes one THINK about their photo . Nikon has tried to simplify this by giving you auto everything . That approach is neat and can give you the sense that it can capture the moment quicker and easier than the Canon or Leica . However , after using the 5D for a couple of months I find it simple and easy to use in addition to having a cleaner design with fewer buttons . I must admit , the Leica was true joy , manual and all . The rangefinder is so cool . And the design so clean with virtually none of the wiz bang features of the Nikon . One really does have to THINK about composing the image and manually focusing it.So , the 5D captured the best images for the way I shoot and the viewfinder is a true wow . I have no problem seeing or framing the image . And the Canon system -LRB- great lenses and printers -RRB- is hard to beat . One really should shoot RAW to realize the true potential of the 5D . However , the Leica M8 left an enduring impression on how I approach photography.Now , if only my EYE could improve ...
 As a wedding photographer I love the Canon 20D , nice and light and at a good price I can afford six of them . But , recently I started shooting for a local magazine and felt I needed a better camera . The full frame feature is the number one reason for this purchase . I found that I missed getting the full effect of my lenses such as the 28-70mm , 15mm and my recent purchase of the 85mm . The magnification was just too much . I 've used the camera at all of my weddings this year and am very pleased in the look and ease of operation of this camera . I 'm not a chimper but the larger screen helps a fella with bifocals see quickly and accurately what I am capturing . I 'm still learning how to get the most out of the newer features and will take my time and not change what I do too quickly .
 To buy or not to buy in 2012 ? MY QUALIFICATIONS : I am a photographer , and have been for about 4 years now . I 'm in between semi-pro and pro , and my main focus is wedding photography and engagements . I would say that about 90 % of everything I shoot involves a person in some way , so please keep this in mind when reading my review . I am also a bit of a gear-head , in the sense that I love to stay current on knowing about the latest technologies . It is also important to know , however , that I do not necessarily believe that the latest and greatest advancements in photo tech are actually necessary , nor have I ever pre-ordered photography gear personally.INTROI first used the 5D in 2010 -LRB- well after its release -RRB- when a friend lent me their camera for shooting a wedding . I shot my first weddings on a couple of rebels - a big mistake . At the time I did n't realize how important camera cache , AF speed and low-light performance all were in wedding photography and it was an experience I did n't want to repeat if I could help it . The 5D completely changed the way I shot , and in my biased opinion , helped me become a better photographer . The first wedding I shot on one was a dream ! Just so you do n't think that I was awed by the step up alone , I have shot with the 5D MkII , 5D MkIII , ID MkII , IDs MkII and the 7D since then.BUILD QUALITYNow as another reviewer has mentioned , Canon came under fire from some in regards to the build quality ... I wo n't rehash what has already been said on this topic but allow me to express how much I enjoy the build quality of the 5D . It is not the same as the 1D series that 's for sure -LRB- I also owned a 1Ds MkII Full Frame -RRB- , however it beats the rebels and even the XXD series by a LONG shot . The camera feels very sturdy in the hand , and has a nice weight to it -LRB- no doubt due to the alloy body -RRB- . I have owned two of these cameras , and borrowed one extensively -LRB- thanks Mike ! -RRB- and overall have had very few issues with all three copies . One camera did suffer from the well-documented mirror issue -LRB- glue coming undone -RRB- however I had a backup camera with me , and Canon glued the mirror free of charge -LRB- including a CLA to boot -RRB- ! For those of you with 5Ds , please be aware that this is STILL being done , even if your camera is out of warranty.FEATURESNow , this is perhaps the most controversial point in digital photography . Allow me to let you in on a little secret
 I have owned the Canon 10D but could never get used to the `` cropped '' view from the limited sensor . I barely used that camera over 3 yrs of ownership , preferring to shoot with my film Nikon . With the 5D , the full field of view is back . The `` sweep '' one feel in framing a picture through this camera is just marvelous . The images -LRB- with `` L '' lenses -RRB- are just stupendous . Arguably better than film . This is the first camera less than $ 6000.00 to be every bit as good as film . I highly recommend it if you are a serious amatuer or professional photographer .
 Coming from 40D , the 5D is quite similar and yet different for the better in many ways.Pro : - Better high ISO IQ , lower noise ISO 400 and up , significantly better at ISO1600 -LRB- with minimal RAW processing before conversion using DPP -RRB- - Better wide angle . Use the Sigma 12-24 on this baby and it rocks ! - I am no pro , and I do n't have light fall-off problem with my lenses , L or otherwise . - View finder is bigger and clearer , but not as much as I had hoped for . - Almost the same weight as 40D , same battery as 40D as well , same remote release . - Easier to clean the sensor , bigger hole and bigger area there . - Great LCD display , very accurate - which is very helpful in the field . 40D got a bigger LCD -LRB- 3 '' vs 2.5 '' -RRB- but I found the color and details on the 40D are way off . - Full frame sensor without the burden of ridiculously huge RAW file size - reasonable post processing and storage chores.Neutral : - 5D has the old menu system where all items are displayed in one long list , whereas 40D divides menu into tabs . 40D is faster but 5D is just fine.Con : - No Live-View
 I switched from the Digital Rebel XT . Since I already had L-glass lenses , I did n't run into problems with the 5D `` exposing '' cheaper lenses . The 17-40mm really shines on the full sensor ! The burst rate is simply astonishing . Missing flash does n't bother me , heck it 's a $ 3000 camera , I do n't expect a built-in flash . I have the Speedlite 580EX , which of course is wonderful in itself . I also have the battery grip which I recommend , as well as the RS-80N3 cable release . Image quality is superb overall - the 5D REALLY shines in high ISO numbers - more so than even the 1D from what I 've read . Even at 1600 there 's hardly any noise . It allows you to take great , crisp photos in low light where other cameras would require a flash.The camera also is quite light while being very sturdy at the same time . The 3 fps might bother some , but I prefer the incredible burst numbers .
 I was quite shocked that my 5D arrived in late September instead of mid October . But happy!It does n't shoot as fast as my 20D does , but the full frame sensor makes a tremendous difference . I can take wide pictures ! I miss the effective telephoto effect on my longer lenses , but with cropping I still get some of that back.The viewfinder is large and bright . And with a 24mm focal length I get a lot of wideness out of it . The LCD is gigantic , and looks just like the 20D . I can hold the camera at arms length and still read the menus just fine.After the 20D and its machinegun shutter , the 5D feels a little slow . It even sounds slow when it takes a picture.Right now the cr2 files do n't seem to work well in photoshop , but that should be resolved in a matter of days I hope . The cr2 files are huge . About 12 to 14 MB per image . Buy several large flash cards , and a laptop with a big hard drive!The images are bigger , but the pixels are still larger in the 5D over the 20D/300D , and so much sharper . They certainly looks sharper to me.All in all , it seems like a better , albeit slower , version of the 20D . It does n't take EF-S lenses , but the only one I had came on my 300D , and I sold it with the 300D . According to the canon technical specs it has improved software from the 1 series cameras inside it .
 I came from the EOS 40D which is a GREAT camera , but I have to say the 5D is amazing . Even at ISO 1000 or long exposures there is very little if any noise in my photos . I did n't realize how nice having a full-frame sensor would be , and am loving the true wide-angles I can get now . My 50MM lens has gone from a novelty to a true walkabout lens . I 've since sold the two ef-s lenses I had and my 40D . You ca n't beat the price now either since the MK II is coming out . Got it for half the original price!Update 8/31/09
 I 'm a wedding photographer , and love my gear , and take great care of all of my gear . I recently added this body to my arsenal until the 5DMkii comes into more regular stock , driving the prices down . The picture output of this camera is amazing . There is much less noise on this than my 40D at similar ISO 's . However , coming from my 40D to the 5D , I 've also noticed where this camera is lacking . The 40D tends to focus much quicker in low light situations . I 've also accidentally grabbed this camera when I meant to get the 40D , and suffered from the lower frames per second capture rate of the 5D . My son was falling into pillows one afternoon , and I wanted a high shot count of the fall . The 5D comes in at only 3fps , while the 40D is 6.5 fps . By no means should this be your deciding factor ! The full frame pictures produced by this camera with the same lenses are stellar and noticeably sharper than those on the 40D . This is n't really a fair comparison though as the 40D was released a few years after the 5D . IIRC , the 5D is based off of the DIGIC II processor whereas the 40D has the DIGIC III processor.Some people have given the camera a negative mark for not having a flash . This should n't even be considered on a camera of this magnitude . The on camera flash is worthless on DSLR 's anyway . Get an external flash -LRB- 580exII is my choice -RRB- and your pictures will drastically be improved . Even if you leave the flash in full auto mode all the time . Learn how to use it , do n't blast your subject with it , and watch your images pop .
 Beeing a Nikon guy it was a big step for me to move on to Canon . I had a Nikon D70S which was a good camera for me for a long time.The menu/navigation system was easy to adapt , so no problems there . And it did n't take long before I understood I had a much much better camera in my hands . Without going into details , the image quality is simply very very good . I love this camera.A thing I hvae noticed is that while the D70S needed very accurate settings for both shutter time and F-numbers in order to take good pictures , the 5D gives good pictures for a wide range of shutter times and F-numbers . Sounds a bit strange , but that 's my experience.I took a lot of pictures late in the evening and using 1600 ISO , the quality was still very good . I have notices that people try ISO 1600 and above when it is good light conditions . Note ! This will not tell you anything about how the camera is at high ISO values with little light . You need to have little light to check how good the high ISOs are . And 1600 ISO gave smooth images with this camera.Battery time was good . I took about 600 images over 3 weeks before it turned flat.Note ! This camera do n't have a internal blitz , which off course is because it is a pro camera , but still its good for you to know ... Well . There is 1 problem with this camera . The focus points . They are as other say , centered to near the middle , so very often I need to crop the image in other ways than I had intended , often giving lot of air above the object . Typically I want to focus on the face , giving a lot of blue sky above the head . This is actually very irritating . Also the navigation for focus points are idiotic - every time I want to change focus pint I need to click this tiny button in the corner , before using the keypad . This means that I must move the camera away from my eyes every time I want to change point . Argg ... It is also very hard to find the right focus point.Ahhh , and I just loved the full size CMOS . No more x 1.5 for me !!! Almost perfect this camera !
 I got this camera last year for my husband and he really likes it . It takes beautiful pictures . For portraits , I 'd also recommend getting the Canon 85mm 1.2 lens and for landscapes and sports , get the Canon EF 70-200mm f/2 .8 L IS zoom lens . I know it 's pricey , but well worth your money . I just wish this camera had its own self-cleaning sensor . Thanks Canon for making another great camera .
 i just bought the camera the other day ; what an improvement to my 10D ; working in the RAW format just blows my mind ; like everything else you shouldupgrade to the `` better lenses '' -LRB- L -RRB- to live up to the quality of the camera ; i have never had so much fun ; just stick to buying your camera from Amazonnot from the guys in NY ...
 This camera is awesome . It is great in low light and I can still ghost images which I prefer doing . I 've gone to the dark side -LRB- digital -RRB- and I really enjoy it . This is my first DSLR .
 I 've had this camera about 2.5 years . My only issue with this camera is the well documented dust problem . -LRB- GOOGLE `` Canon 5D dust -RRB- I 've used the squeeze bulb , & the swabs . They may move the dust from the sensor for a while.I cleaned the sensor . Took a couple of photos to be sure the dust was gone . The camera sat on the shelf for a couple of weeks . I took some more test photos of a white wall . The dust was back.I sent the camera back to Canon after it was out of warranty of an clean & adjust . They told me just the labor was $ 201.00 . I complained about the price . They dropped the price to $ 180.00 . I complained again about the price . The price came down to $ 147.20 . Still too much , IMO.Now I 've had the camera back for a couple of weeks and the dust spots are back.It amazes me that Canon does n't have a retro kit to FIX the seals like they do in the MK II.As soon as Canon comes out with an affordable dust free camera , I 'll buy it .
 Actually , at first , I wan na buy D300 +17 -55 mm f/2 .8 G. I think the D300 is a really good camera with a lot of advanced function . But the problem is you have to deal with the crop factor , that 's how your 17-55mm become 24-80mm . So when you join in the family of full size sensor camera 3 years later , -LRB- the ASP size sensor camera will definitely be disappear -RRB- you will find your lens which actually is the most important thing for you can not suitable for the full size sensor , like 17-55mm . Nobody will use 17-55mm on your D3 or D3 mark2 , right ? So , I change my mind . I choose 5D +24 -70 mm f/2 .8 G . That means I do not have to buy everything new after 3 years when I change into 1Ds mark3 or something else.But , you have to know what is the meaning of 5D . 5D is 3 years old . Do not expect too much on some fabulous function . Please just foucs on the real image quality.And do not wait for the 5D mark 2 . Everybody knows that the price will exceed $ 3000 in the first 6 months .
 This camera is a piece of art in itself . The quality of the build is well designed for any level photographer . Only qualm I have about it is that it is n't weather sealed , which it should be for the price . The size if great if you have large hands and the weight should help steady your shots.The image quality is incredible , but you NEED TO HAVE ` L' quality glass . Otherwise , do n't get this full frame camera because you wo n't see what this camera can really do.Overall , as long as you know what you 're doing with it , then it 's just a pleasure to shoot with . Especially knowing the kind of shots you will get at the end of the day . Next stop is the Mark III .
 Sweet slr . Fast , crisp images . Complex configs available , but easy to just pick up n shoot if you have any slr experience.Only thing I 'd do different is to look for the xx-300mm zoom lens instead of the 28-105mm . It 'll serve more scenarios than it 's shorter cousin , and it 's an ` L' class lens , so you can expect stellar results .
 This camera is amazing . I have been a canon user for many years , upgrading as I go . I can not think right now of a camera they could come out with to make me want to upgrade from the 5D . This will certainly be my camera for some time to come .
 Went from a 6MP Rebel to the 20D to this and all have been great , but this is the best.Be warned , you will be very tempted to buy better glass . This camera is so sharp you notice the softness in your lenses.A perfect example is my 28-70 f2 .8 Sigma It is the sharpest lens I have and I have made some wonderful 11 & 14 prints with the 20D . On this camera the images look almost soft . So I have a 17-40L on order , and want the 70-200 also , If the wife does n't kill me first . -LSB- Both tried at the local camera shop -RSB- Learn to clean your sensor - this is a dust magnet . I am always very careful when changing lenses and have already had to clean this one in the first week!Images are the bottom line , and this camera really shines there . I cann ' t imagine better resolution then this . -LSB- At least not in a camera I can afford ! -RSB- I recently purchased the Canon 9500 printer and have done a couple of 13 & 19 prints with no grain . You can almost count the pores on peoples faces , and my macro flowers are so real you can almost smell them .
 And I do mean UPGRADE ! The 1st pictures I took with my 5D just blew me away . I have had it for about a month now . I do n't know why I waited so long to get one . The image quality is so much better than my beloved 20D . I would suggest anyone on the fence about purchasing one to fall over to the 5D . You wo n't be sorry .
 I have been using the Canon 10D for several years and decided to upgrade to the 5D . While the 10D was good , the 5D is much better from the photographer 's point of view.For one thing it has a much faster response . All digital cameras go to sleep after a minute or so of inactivity . When that perfect action shot comes along the 10D needed 10 seconds or so to wake up . By that time the shot is gone . The 5D wakes up in less than a second . In many cases , that feature alone saves the day.Also , the Digic II processor in the 5D seems to do a much better job of analyzing the scene and setting the best combination of aperture and shutter speed . I recently shot a white car on a bright sunny day . Normally that would be a very difficult exposure to get perfect . The 5D performed effortlessly on every frame.I also like the full frame sensor in the 5D . No more multiplying the focal length of the lens by some factor to get the effective focal length . What you see is what you get.In short , the 5D is a great camera .
 I own a Canon EOS 1Ds , 11.1 mp camera and it is without a doubt a fine piece of equipment but a bit on the heavy side for an old man like me . It is a superlative studio camera but in the field a lot to handle . I also own a Canon G7 12.1 MP camera and it surpasses expectations so much so that I use it as a backup . Now I am the proud owner of a 5D and it 's unbelieveable ! It 's simple to operate and -LRB- without the battery grip -RRB- is light enough to carry all day without hurting yourself . It 's the best yet in a long line of great products .
 hi . i was waiting to get the upcoming canon 7d to replace my rebel xti , but when i realized that it was not full frame and with 18 mp , i decide to get a 5d before it gets out of stock . i got mine 5 days ago . i used it for the last 3 days and i am amazed with the image quality . it 's impressive for a camera more than 3 years old . probably still on the top 5 . highly recommended . get one before out of stock and price goes crazy .
 I 've owned the Canon 20D , the 30D , and the 5D Mark II and after doing much research and reading about various used full-frame cameras I decided to try this 5D . WOW !!! I LOVE IT !!! The reviews I read pointed out that this camera is a few years old in tech circles but the pictures it takes and the detail it captures is often preferable by Photographers who like the look of the portraits and landscapes it can produce -- even to the 5D Mark II . I owned the 5D Mark II -LRB- paid $ 2500 for it -RRB- and now I can add my opinion to the rest -- I like the colors , the clarity , and the file size of these 5D classic pictures more than the ones I took with my 5D Mark II -LRB- which I recently sold -RRB- . And with the current used prices -LRB- under $ 1K -RRB- this is a full-frame dream come true . If you need higher ASAs that are very useable such as 3200 and above for your work , this may not work for you . Also if you need to do video with your camera you 'll need the Mark II or another video producing model . More is not always better when it comes to megapixels and this camera -LRB- along with a 1Ds Mark II at 17mps -RRB- produces the most beautiful pics at sizes you can live with . I have a friend who owns a 1Ds Mark II and a 5D who absolutely loves his 5D . The used 1Ds Mark II also produces beautiful pics but costs about $ 750 more than the 5D at current used prices . Price was an issue for me . If I had the money , I would have gotten the 1Ds Mark II . But this is the way to go if you want full-frame quality at a screaming great price ! Be warned that a full-frame camera will reveal the weaknesses and distortions of cheaper lenses so if you want to get the best results , invest into some quality lenses like Canons `` L '' pro quality lenses or research the cheaper ones to find which ones do well on full-frame cameras -LRB- like the bargain EF 50 f/1 .8 -RRB- . I paired my 5D with a Canon EF 24-105 f/4 .0 L IS -LRB- in a white box saves $ 200 -RRB- and the combination is superb ! And having a lens with IS is another dream come true ! Leave the tripod home because you can get sharp pictures while hand-holding . A wonderful walk-around combination for hiking or traveling . If you are a journalist or a wedding photographer , you may want to invest into a 1D or 1Ds model , -LRB- with the larger body -RRB- which many reviewers say has a lightening fast focusing system which adjusts to perfect focus almost instantaneously and also can snap off more than -LRB- the 5Ds -RRB- 3 frames per second when needed . -LRB- Another feature I do n't have to have -RRB- . I 've found that the 5D is good at focusing on and tracking moving objects while the larger bodies -LRB- the 1D and 1Ds bodies -RRB- are superb in this area . I 'm so in love with this 5D gem . I think it 's got to be the best full-frame -LRB- large and highly detailed sensor -RRB- camera deal out there right now . And at under $ 1000 I think they are a screaming steal ! Love my 5D with my 24-105 !
 I finally went full frame last week . Its nice to use my film era canon lenses to their potential.This camera is much like a 30D with a full frame and without the flash . I do n't see any noise advantage in low light over the 30d -LRB- in fact iso1600 is cleaner on the 30d -RRB- The full frame lens perspective advantage can not be overstated . Canon should have used full frame from day 1 . . There are 4 lenses that work extemely well with this camera if you want to put together pro result lenses for under $ 900 . I would start with Canon 's 50mm f1 .8 -LRB- cheap and sharp -RRB- , Tamrons SP 24-135mm -LRB- resolution matches the Ef 24-105mm L -RRB- Canon EF 135mm f2 .8 sf . A bokeh king among portrait lenses and performs terrific on the 5D . Last is the EF 100-300 f5 .6 L . It may not have USM , but it has Flourite and UD glass ! this lens blows away all non L zooms at 300mm in terms of contrast , color and sharpness . All of these lenses combined would cost you less than 1 L series zoom new but will give you pro results and a 24-300mm range . . Enjoy !!
 Probably like most people that are waiting for that `` phantom '' 5d MKII , I could n't wait no more . The rebate pushed me over the edge . I 'm glad I took the plunge . This camera rocks ! I 'm so glad I upgraded . I 'm sure the next version is gon na have all the bells and whistles , but this has become a legendary camera . Everyone has already gone over the specs and likes and dislikes . I just want to say anyone waiting for the new version and wondering if they got this , would they be happy ... be assured you will be VERY happy .
 I 've been using this camera since December and carried it on a month-long trip abroad . I previously used two other Canon DSLRs , the Canon 10D and 350D . So far I have found the 5D a very rewarding camera to use . As others have suggested , it is a great camera for fine art photography , but maybe not so much for sports or journalism.I read many reviews to compare the 5D the 40D . Because the 5D has come down so far in price , they are somewhat comparable . However , they are significantly different cameras with different strengths . What it came down to for me is that the 5D is full-frame , whereas the 40D is has more current-generation features such as dust reduction and faster shooting rate . I decided to go for the full-frame , for the reasons below.I have n't used the 40D so I ca n't make a hands-on comparison . But here are the reasons why I like using the 5D compared with my previous DSLRs , the 10D and 350D : + The frame seen through the viewfinder is much larger . It is easier to compose the shot and see what 's in focus . + Lenses work at their normal focal length , without a multiplier . This makes more professional lenses -LRB- Canon L lenses -RRB- practical to use . For example the 24-105 L included in the kit is an outstanding walkaround/travel lens on the 5D -LRB- useful range , stabilization , sharp , good color -RRB- . There is no comparable Canon L lens for cropped-frame cameras with this effective range . -LRB- I used the EF-S 17-85 on the 350D for years and it is not as good ; the EF-S 17-55 is not as wide or as long -RRB- . + Greater control over depth of field . Cropped-frame sensors effectively increase the minimum depth of field of a lens . It is much easier to create an image with selective focus using the 5D . In other words , it is easier to pick a subject out of the background by blurring the background . + Excellent metering . All the other Canon cameras I have used over-expose -LRB- blow out -RRB- highlights in contrasty scenes . The 5D meters for the highlights , rarely blows them , and has plenty of shadow detail to recover if needed . + Amazing low noise performance . I can go up to ISO 800 without thinking about it ; I can go to ISO 1600 and still use the results for most purposes . + Excellent low light autofocus and fast overall autofocus . Seems to be able to focus on pretty much anything . Of course , if you let the camera select a focus point and the depth of field is shallow -LRB- wide open for low light -RRB- , then you may not get the result you want . + The RAW files respond really well to processing such as curves and fill light ; they seem to have more slightly more dynamic range , and definitely less noise , than my previous cameras.In addition , I find the 5D rewarding to use because it makes me think more about photography again . Specifically , I have to pay more attention to the combination of aperture , focus point , and depth of field , which did n't matter as much on cropped-frame cameras . This may be why some reviewers have found the 5D harder to use . I find it 's teaching me more about photography.One reviewer mentioned vignetting -LRB- dark corners -RRB- . Many wide angle lenses exhibit some vignetting and the 24-105 L does too ; you will find it described in any good review of the lens . Cropped-frame cameras hide the vignetting . It is also very easy to remove vignetting in a good image editor -LRB- such as Lightroom -RRB- . In my opinion I 'd rather get the full benefit of the lens -LRB- at its designed focal range and depth of field -RRB- in return for a few seconds spent moving a slider to compensate for vignetting.Another reviewer mentioned needing the battery grip to hold this camera easily . I have big hands and I find the 5D easy to handle with a hand strap such as the one made by Sunpak . One end attaches to the right eyelet and the other screws to the tripod mount ; the padded strap holds the camera securely to your hand.Of course I had some concerns about buying this camera when it has been out for two years and may be replaced this year . But then someone pointed out
 Here are the basics that I considered and have found out from about 9 months of ownership . Keep in mind opinions on photography equipment varies greatly by the user and what the equipment is used for so while I think the 5D is near-perfect , others might not.While the positives and negatives seem even in number , the positives FAR outweigh the negatives . I have no regrets about my purchase.Positives + Full frame sensor
 This is one of the greatest things ever in my opinion for both professional , and amateur photographer . Af least , it was for year 2006 . And I am very happy to tell everyone that many of my current works for magazine are actually using this wonderful camera.There are several distinct advantage using this camera in the professional environment .1 . They are affordable full size sensor camera . Output quality will meets most of requirement given by the client .2 . Battery is interchangeable with 20/30D , so it is ideal candidate for 2 camera configuration with 20D/30D .3 . As far as Portrait photography are concern , it is currently one of the best in image quality and compared to the 1DS 's older design sensor , when situation is ideal , it sometimes create superior result .4 . Very low ISO noise , it is really useful for anyone who frequently shoot for low available light situation . ISO800 was useable even for the magazine purpose .5 . Relatively lower shutter noise compared to the 20/30D that are helpful for some of noise sensitive shoot .6 . Availability of third party add on are actually important to me when I looked for camera . 5D is very good with availability and compatibility or such 3rd party equipment . And I am very happy to use many of 3rd party products with 5D .1 DS , due to the its form , has major difficulty with some of affordable 3rd party tool , most notably bellows system .7 . Weight is considerably less compared to the 1DS series and it is still full sensor size camera .8 . DOF of full size sensor camera thus great Bokeh can be archived if used with great lens .9 . Ability to shoot AdobeRGB color space RAW format10 . Fairly easy to find additional equipment at the local camera store , when you are on the road -LRB- I thinkthat is very important -RRB- There are some disadvantage for this camera1 . It is 12.8 M pixel despite the fact it is full sensor -LRB- or Leica format -RRB- size and it is 4M pixel smaller than 1DS MKII . And there are few occasion , it will not be enough for the given assignment -LRB- You really need to consider type of work you do -RRB- 2 . It does have lower burst rate compared to 1D MKII or 20/30D that is not exactly ideal for the performance art , sports events , or outdoor bird photography.Due to that fact , I normally bring my 20D with me , so if I need decent burst rate , I will rely upon my 20D instead .3 . It is not weather sealed , thus , you really can not take it out when weather is not exactly ideal without shortening camera 's life . So , it is not ideal camera for field photographer who shoot at challenging environment .4 . It is still expensive for the amateur and , it is still expensive for the professional photographer with rather low fee structure .5 . 9 point sensor is more than enough for the most of people . It is however , not for the some of professional who requires quick focus and shoot . It is bit frustrating to work with its AF , if you are used to with 45 point sensor of 1D/1DS series .
 The 5D is worth it , and then some . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat . Visually it performs better than anything else I 've seen . I 'm VERY attached to 35mm and this camera either matches film -LRB- beautiful tones ; sumptuous shadow detail -RRB- or outperforms film by a margin -LRB- flexibility , detail , the utter lack of noise at high ISO settings -RRB- . I completely disagree with the assertion elsewhere that vignetting is inevitable . I shoot wide open almost all the time because I dislike flash . You 'll find me indoors in the dark Seattle winter with the aperture wide and the ISO cranked to 800 . The low noise/high resolution sensor is perfect for this . It out performs my 30D by a huge margin under such conditions.Build quality ? There 's probably a grain of truth there . I hear the Nikons are better sealed , but the 5D feels neither cheap nor shoddy.I use both the cheapy 50mm/f1 .8 and the expensive 24-70 f2 .8 L series . They only time I 've seen any vignetting is when shooting - CORRECTION - when shooting with a too cheap Hoya Polarizer attached . -LSB- ORIGINAL TEXT - when shooting at 24mm under bright sunlight ; f4 .0 to f8 ; I see some light roll-off in the corners as noted by M.Ryley , but none of the softness that he mentions -RSB- This phenomenon is simply not there at all with longer focal lengths.As for speed - maybe I have faster CF cards since I bought them recently , but this has n't been an issue for me at all . However , I do prefer to use my faster 30D for sporting events where speed is of the essence.I 'm a semi-pro ; I 've been taking picture for over 20 years . I asked 5 full time professionals and a few gifted amateurs to recommend a camera before I made this purchase . Every one of them recommended the 5D - citing image quality . It gives probably three-quarters of the performance of the 1D at only one third of the price.I recommend this camera .
 I 've been shooting professionally since the 70 's and most of my work has been in the still life arena . My personal interests have always been more in the area of portraits , landscapes and street shooting -LRB- Cartier-Bresson is one of my icons -RRB- . View cameras and mid-format were my mainstay until I had to start using digital and I came in early , buying the then new Kodak DCS-560 which was the EOS 1N converted to digital and providing state of the art at that time -LRB- 6.2 MP -RRB- , for the humble sum of $ 25,000 . Yes , that 's right.I used it as a studio camera and got decent results , pleasing most clients . In later years I rented the latest top runners for jobs as needed and the last one I used in this way was the Mark II . It was great to shoot with and I was able to produce 30x40 tack sharp portrait posters for the client with no trouble , using the RAW files it produced.So why all this yaddayadda you might ask ? Only to establish a -RRB- I have a base of experience which may be of some value and b -RRB- I am probably pretty fussy about my equipment.With this being said I bought the 5D because I believed it would give me what I needed -LRB- and wanted -RRB- . I could have bought the Mark III , but I was looking for a camera to do what the 5D does and did n't require the extra features of the Mark III , most of which are really much more technical than even most professional photographers could ever really utilize . I was concerned with what I consider `` reality . '' The DCS-560 is the same general size , shape and weight as the Mark III . I know what it 's like to carry that around the world . What would the Mark III offer me that I must have that the 5D would n't ? Better image quality ? Not really . Truth is that the 5D image quality is extraordinary and I ca n't think of a single purpose I will ever encounter where the supposed `` improvement '' of the MIII would be needed or , really , even apparent . If I were doing some really technical shot which required a feature of the MIII which the 5D lacks , I 'll rent one . My opinion is it will never happen.What about build quality ? I like the fact that the MIII is weather proofed and it would be reassuring , certainly , if the 5D were as well . Again , truth is I take very good care of my equipment and always treat it with respect . I do n't see myself exposing my 5D to harm by moisture -LRB- I can use a camera glove if I need to shoot in a downpour , not a very common occurrence I would n't think -RRB- . Otherwise , the 5D is solidly built , feels very sturdy , and will not succumb to uselessness if exposed to marginal weather conditions , as long as I remain aware enough to just take proper care while using it . It 's not hard to do . A journalist or someone who needs to shoot a lot in really serious weather would need to have a MIII . I do n't . And that leaves burst speeds . I do n't shoot sports and when I need to catch a moment in people shots where I 'm looking for a particular expression , for example , the 5D speed works just fine . At a certain point , a higher burst speed is really overkill.All cameras have strengths and weaknesses . To my thinking , the 5D 's strengths are apparent
 This is a great camera and brings Canon 's top of the range Pro line a bit closer to amateurs . In fact , it 's good enough for professional use and I know of several pros using the 5d -LRB- in addition to myself -RRB- . There are 4 main advantages to the 5d : Full frame - there is no more 1.6 x or 1.3 x crop factor to deal with . A 50mm lens gives the same field of view as a 50mm lens on a film camera . The focal length labelled on the lens is what the body captures.Image quality - although not as many megapixels , the 5D is comparable to even to the top of the line 1dsMKII with regards to image quality . In fact , the 5D performs even better at high ISO speed ratings 800 and above than the more than double cost 1dsMKII . Large LCD Screen - the screen is much larger than on previous cameras , including the 1dsMKII . It 's very ` photographic ' and while it 's not that bright when outdoors in the sunlight , it 's quite nice and usable still.Form Factor - it has a smaller form factor than the higher pro cameras and is not very heavy . This is a plus in my book . Even if you are a pro , you do n't want to necessarily look like one all the time . If you do want to look like one , you can add the optional battery grip.I would recommend this camera to anyone . I can think of zero complaints for the pro or advanced amateur photographer .
 I first started out in DSLR 's with a Canon Xt or 350D for the numerical crowd out there . Then recently upgraded to a Canon 5D . The usual good-bad review.First the good.Resolution is far better than the Xt , obviously . Blowing up photos to poster size is no problem with the 5D . Even cropping at 100 % still shows the detail in the photo -LRB- Warning
 After 3 decades as a Nikon 35mm film ` loyalist ' I was tired of waiting for a 35mm sized digital sensor where I could use the 17mm focal length end of my expensive Nikkor 17-35mm lens -LRB- click on the comment bubble at the end of this review and read my clarification -RRB- . A co-worker let me test drive his Canon 5D , Canon EF 16-35mm f2 .8 L USM and SanDisk Extreme III 2 GB card.Viewing the images on his LCD computer screen helped me decide to sell everything Nikon and switch to the established DSLR leader , Canon . Finally , no more heavy and bulky Nikon F5 and having to pay and wait for film processing ! No more scanning negatives for hours each night!As an owner of the 5D , XT , EF 17-40mm f4L USM , EF 70-200mm f4L IS USM with tripod collar and Canon Speedlite 580EX , the thousands of RAW images taken in ISO 's ranging from 50 to 3200 with the 5D have been truly satisfying . Note
 Who ever thought that people want cameras with APS , or smaller sized sensors ? The lens magnification fact is extremely bothersome , and Digital-only lenses ? If you are an avid film shooter , and want to switch to digital , or use a digital camera as a part of your workflow , this is THE camera to get , assuming of course you are willing to make an investment . Canon Double Rebate promotion does not hurt either . This camera has everything you would expect from a professional tool , and more . It has a bright viewfinder , thanks to a larger mirror . The focusing screen is good for general shooting , and different screens are available for specific uses . All functions are easily accessible , and most common functions are attached to hard buttons . The shutter is smooth , focusing is quick . Overall , this is an excellent camera , I just wish it was cheaper . But , you get what you pay for . I highly recommend this camera for landscape and panorama shooters , where a full frame sensor is essential .
 I 've had my 5D for nearly a year and have used it in a wide variety of conditions . It took about five or six months for me to really get to know the camera . Now that it and I understand each other , I 'm extremely satisfied with the images it produces.The controls are logical and well placed . The fine gradations of f-stop , ISO , and shutter speed allow great control . The grip is good and the build is very solid . While I understand that the 5D is not weather sealed by Canon standards , I 've taken it on a drizzly three day backpacking trip and many rainy weekend sports events . Other than sluggish performance from cold batteries , I 've never had a weather related problem.The 5D 's dynamic range is also outstanding . You may need photoshop work to rebalance light and shadows in high contrast situations . An amazing amount of tonal gradation and detail is sometimes waiting to be brought to life in the dark and bright areas of a picture.Resolution is also outstanding . I 've been very pleased with the 13X19 's I 've made of many landscapes . You 'll want good glass for this camera , to squeeze everything you can out of that wonderful full frame sensor . I really appreciate the way the full size sensor allows you to get a full 24mm wide angle out of a lens like the 24-105mm . Low light performance is also outstanding . I shot an Xmas program picture in a church last week from a distance of 35 feet at 105 mm and ISO 800 -LRB- 1/80 , 4.0 -RRB- , with no flash . There was faint -LRB- and manageable -RRB- noise in the shadows , but the spotlighted performers in the foreground were crisp and clear . Wow!I miss having an in-camera flash , but the camera is almost too big and certainly weighs enough as it is . I shot a wedding and reception some months ago , with a zoom lens and an external flash on the camera all evening , and learned a lot about how much the camera weighs.One minor complaint
 As a photographer , I am not actually good enough to shoot with film -LRB- a painful , but true confession -RRB- ; however , because of the shortcomings of digital cameras , for what I like to do -LRB- late night , low light stuff - with a lot of black and not much light ! -RRB- I have cycled through endless film approaches , in hopes of capturing that perfect moody image ... Then , to overcome the problems of small negative film , I have cycled through medium format film approaches -LRB- Bronica ETRS , SQ-Ai , Hasselblad -RRB- ... In both of the above cases , it leads to the inevitable coming home with the proof sheet and thinking , `` dang , that sure seemed more interesting at the time '' ... Well , this camera has changed all of that ! I do n't generally shoot any pictures of people , but circumstances led to my first use of this camera being for studio shooting some portraits with a friend 's borrowed studio lighting ... I shot a few folks and then went back to my computer and downloaded the images from the card ... when I viewed them at `` actual pixels '' , I honestly gasped ... these images looked like when you go up to one of those awful -LRB- if you 're my age -RRB- 8x mirrors and get the shocking glimpse of every pore , hair and flaw of your face ... this was the sharpest , cleanest -LRB- shot at ISO 100 -RRB- , best white balanced , best contrast , AND MOST CONVENIENT photos that I have ever taken - with ANY previous approach ... Astounded , but still not 100 % onboard , I took the thing out into the night ... I am doing a portfolio on night diners and was truly 100 % satisfied with the out-of-the-camera results of my first shoot ... but when I put a series of varying exposures into Image Stacker and POW - another gasp moment ! Noise FREE ... black , black , BLACK blacks ... and so tack sharp and detailed as to look almost unreal ... I sold my Hasselblad , XPan - selling my Bronica SQ-Ai ... through with film ... Gathered some great lenses with the film camera money ... this came with the amazing 24-105mm ... since have purchased the even more amazing 70-200mm / 2.8 , the 17-40mm , the 100mm macro , the 100-400mm and the TS-E 45mm . Truly incredible works of art ! The 100-400 and the TS-E fall a bit behind on sharpness , but the others are just breathtaking!Now , my wife has purchased a Rebel XTi -LRB- temporary , while she awaits a higher resolution update to the 30D - Telephoto sports stuff is her love , so the reduced sensor size works to her advantage -RRB- , so she can have access to all of my lenses ... so now , we 'll be selling her well equipped Olympus E500 kit , as it has gathered dust since the Canons came into the house ... For me , the 5D is truly the perfect camera ... I get to immediately see that my tack sharp , perfectly exposed , perfectly color balanced photos are boring and get to move the tripod over a bit and work it until I capture what my mind thought was there ... So for me , the saying around the house is `` F is for FILM and F is for FRUSTRATION '' ... I can finally let it go -LRB- exept I have my eye on a 4x5 view camera that holds some promise - of course , I should give one of those Calumet full movement bellows on the 5D before I venture back into film ! -RRB- ... Okay , I have to go shoot some pictures ... you should grab one of these and do the same ... I ca n't imagine any way in which you could be disappointed !
 After a 12 year break from photography , I decided to take it up again after I found a secondhand Canon 30D in a pawnshop . I have used SLR 's in the film days for many years and was curious what the new digital hype was about.I bought the camera and took it home . . I was hooked again!It did n't take long before I started buying lenses and I soon upgraded the 30D with a Canon 40D body . As my lenses got of better quality , including the beautiful ` L' series lenses , my images were beginning to get noticed and soon I was being booked for functions , etc. . I was becoming a semi-pro photographer ! This of course got the ball rolling and soon I was looking to get a second body for my shoots . I decided to get the top of the range cropped sensor body , the Canon 7D as I still was n't sure about the whole full frame hype.Loving my 7D , I decided it was time to let go of the 40D and go full frame . . I bought a Canon 5D-Mark I from a photographer friend who had it from new and it was still in mint condition . He shot about 30 weddings with it -LRB- shared between 2 bodies -RRB- but there was n't a mark on it ! He had it sent to Canon in Sydney for a clean/service and had the mirror fixed -LRB- as the Mark I had an issue with the mirror coming loose , due to a manufacturing/design flaw -RRB- before selling it to me , and well ... I absolutely LOVE it!Compare to the 7D it is old , loud , basic and the rear LCD screen is as crappy and sad as the one on my old 30D . For those reasons I only give it 4 stars but to be fair it came out in 2006 -LRB- ? -RRB- and that 's just how things were back then.Most important point this classic full frame DSLR has , is IMAGE QUALITY ! Wow . . wow . . and more wow !! Sure , I still keep the 7D because it 's fast , it gives me the extra reach only a cropped sensor can give + it 's nice to show people the image once a shot has been taken on the LCD screen of the 7D . HOWEVER ... once home and I transfer the images onto my computer after a days shoot with both the 7D and the 5D-MI , the results speak for themselves ! My $ 600 5D-MI blows away the 7D in IQ time and time again.I 'm looking to upgrade to a Mark II but will be sad to let go of my first full frame DSLR ... The ` classic ' Canon 5D Mark IDennis VogelsangD.Vogelsang Photography
 Where do I even start ? I have been doing photography on a professional level for about 2 years now . I had nothing but crop sensors before owning this full framed beast and I have to say , this is the best photography purchase I have ever made . Yes it is old and the technology is a bit outdated but the image quality is incredible , as well as the noise or lack of . I finally get to use my 50mm 1.8 wide open and get a crystal clear picture with a beautiful smooth blurred background ! If you are trying to figure out if full frame is right for you then stop thinking about it and just do it , especially if you specialize in portraits or weddings .
 This camera was the first `` pro '' camera I purchased a year ago and I LOVE it ! There is a newer version of the camera available now but this is perfect so I wo n't be upgrading for awhile . My mom has the Canon 50D which is also an incredible camera if you are trying to decide between the two , you just have to decide if you want the crop sensor or not , that 's essentially the biggest difference .
 I just bought a 5D . I have the 30D and XT . The color with this camera is head and shoulders above the others . I love what the full frame gives you for landscapes as well.It 's as easy to use as the 30D and easier than the XT -LRB- due to the selection wheel -RRB- . Fabulous camera .
 There might be controvery with this camera due to the age of its design but as a previous owner of a 20d , I can attest to the excellent quality of this box.The pros
 I am a hobbyist photographer who came from shooting all of his photos on nothing but an iPhone . An iPhone . Kinda sad , huh?I 've started studying photography about six months ago , and as I improved , I knew I needed to get a real camera . A camera where I could be in complete control of everything.I was going to get a mid-level , crop-sensor Canon EOS 40D since it was so cheap , but seeing a professional level full-frame Canon EOS 5D Mark I for under $ 1k ? I could n't possibly pass THAT up!So I saved my hard earned pennies and , along with an affordable 50mm f/1 .8 II lens , I took the jump . And I have absolutely no regrets . This thing is amazing!This camera captures incredible details , and the full frame sensor lets me shoot without having to multiply the focal lengths by 1.6 x . Some peace of mind in that field.ISO noise is virtually non-existant at 800 and below , so shooting in the dark -LRB- especially with a wide-aperture lens -RRB- , is less cumbersome and produces very satisfying results.If you 're like me who started using a point-and-shoot camera -LRB- or an iPhone , pretty much the same thing -RRB- but want to upgrade to a DSLR , I strongly recommend this camera.Yes , this particular model of the 5D series is quite old , but if you do n't need or care about video function , then it 's perfect !
 I have this camera for near 3 months now , and I love it ! EOS 5D is still the best full frame DSLR for its price right now plus this kit comes with really high quality Canon L series lens . I bought another Canon L series 135mm prime lens for this camera . You do need high quality lens with this camera . Do n't be cheap on the lens ! Believe me , you will like the outcome . The good lens can give you the beautiful/right color when you are taking the picture.I 've been posting some of my photos on flickr , and all the photos are all straight from the camera . None of them was altered by the software . Just go to flickr and search for `` Clifford H '' , then click on the people tab . Check them out , and you will know what I am talking about . Photography is a learning process . Have fun with it !
 You wo n't realized how important full frame is until you own one . 5D is the only full frame DSLR under $ 5000 . Other than full frame , 5D is a robust machine to use . This simply makes it the king in its range .
 I had the pleasure of testing out my uncle 's Canon 5D DSLR . Its a little larger and heavier than my 40D , but it is by no means unmanageable . His camera came with the 24-105 f/4 L IS USM kit lens and it made me fall instantly in love with the sharpness and smooth zoom/focus rings . So much so , that I bought the 24-105 f/4 L lens for myself.The 5D is now a few years old , and it was a great camera for its time . While I was super impressed with the features it had , I am holding off on getting this camera only because there has been so much rumors and speculations about the 5D Mark II replacement that is estimated to be released later this year .
 I give this camera and lens combination HIGH marks for dim light shooting . ISO 1000 and higher , and 1/4 - 1/6 sec -LRB- and slower too -RRB- . Lovely results . Just lovely . One session was in the hospital shortly after delivery of the brand new nephew . The other session was at the other niece 's apt with her 4 day old . The camera focuses quickly and is useable down to 1/4 sec and slower . This is the best camera I 've ever handled.I also give Amazon high marks . The first 5D I received had a problem and I returned it . Amazon replaced it quickly and squared up the $ . The return was fair and very quick . I am a delighted customer .
 This is my first and very expensive entry into digit SLR photography.I have used canon point and shoot digital camera previously.I was avoiding DSLR 's because I used to rarely use my EOS film SLR.The convienience of a point and shoot from that experience was overwhelming.Unfortunately so are it 's limitations.So back I came , and the only choice though expensive was the EOS 5d for it 's full frame sensor ! The pain was reduced by the double rebates.Wow ! This is a revelation ! Beautifull images , lot of control.I did notice that the AF was not as fast as my old Elan IIE.I was also disappointed that for the price there was a lack of weather sealing . I am not happy with canon for this , but I really appreciate them for making a full frame sensor in a difficult marketable slot as far as their line up was concerned.This camera also needs prime or L lenses , because the sensor will reveal the inadequacies of inferior lenses . This add 's to the cost.This is an exceptional photographic tool that I hope to use to improve my skill as I explore all it 's capabilities !
 i have chosen this camera for the price/performance and also the 12mpx that are more than enough and do not require the usage of the most expensive Canon lens such as the 5DII . I have been using it for some time . Great camera , great results , nice dynamic range and RAW files are really sharp and give a lot of details . I am using a 17-40 , 100 f2 .8 and a 70-200f4 L IS . Still a small issue with sensor dust at f16-f22 but a blower takes most of the ugly spots : -RRB- A great tool for impressive results in a nice package
 I am really satisfied by the 5D camera . It is quite a pity that is has been discontinued by Canon . . and on the other hand it was interesting to buy it now that its price had fallen . . I recommend bying it now , because they are the last ones ... the only thing I would have liked is a protection on the LCD similar to the ones that Nikon cameras have.the rest is just perfect for my use .
 I can not say enough how amazing this camera is . It is so great I had to buy another for a backup because after using it the 20D or 30D just did n't cut it.The colors straight from camera -LRB- if you shoot jpg -RRB- are awesome ! A little tweak in lightroom to make them look just right and my editing time has been cut in half!I do shoot in a custom mode with no in camera sharpening and a tad of extra contrast.Great in low light , good color , love the full frame sensor , easy to use as far as the menu ... just good . : -RRB-
 I added the EOS 5D to my Rebel and 30D . What a great addition . So far I had nothing but fun shooting with this camera and the EF 17-40 mm f/4L USM glass . There is a reason this guy here has been shooting with Canon for the last 33 years .
 I was a die hard 35mm emulsion advocate until using this camera . Weird since I am a Photoshop design junkie , but the 5D is defiantly the best full frame digital camera for the price , maybe since its the only one at its price right now : -RRB- If cost is less of a factor for you wait till the end of the year for the new 5D , but if you want to save a few thousand and do n't mind missing out on some of the new features , then get this kit :-RRB- The 5D and 24-105mm f/4 L IS USM Lens come as close to film as possible and surpass it where digital is able.Canon EOS 5D 12.8 MP Digital SLR Camera with EF 24-105mm f/4 L IS USM Lens
 I just upgraded from the Rebel XTI and ca n't believe the difference in clarity ! If you 've got the budget , get this camera ... you wont be bummed . If you are shooting in low light I would suggest getting the body only and a lower f-stop lens .
 Unbelievable how evolutionary Canon is with their products . They bring out the 5D I believe 4 years ago at a price way lower than the 1DSII variation and even better than the used price of the 1DS and it sells like bonkers . Today is no different with an equally interested market going after the camera . It has plenty of resolution , extremely delicious sensor , and everything anyone would ever need in a DSLR IMHO . Sure , the next version of this will have more gimmicks and be faster , but this will be a legend in the Canon chain of cameras .
 I upgraded from the Canon 20D , and I am enjoying the additional bulwark of size and detail from my new images . The body is slightly bigger , feeling more robust . The 24-105 lens in this kit is wonderful , sharp , and responsive.Originally , I was not thrilled about the increased size in LCD display , concerned for the vulnerability . Now , I am grateful for the True preview of my images while shooting .
 wonderful camera . I 've been using it for almost a year now . No real complaints . The controls are easier to use than previous digital cameras that I 've owned . Excellent pictures even with crazy ISO of 1600 . I love to take indoor pictures with no flash using the high ISO and the canon 85mm/f1 .2 lens . It can do things I did n't think possible . Highly recommended .
 If you 've been considering a digital full frame camera -LRB- and who has n't ? -RRB- this is the one that does n't cost an arm and a leg . Now that Kodak is out of the picture , your choices are the EOS 5D or the 1DS Mark II , which costs more than twice as much.You do have to give up a few things , such as a super-fast frame rate for continuous shooting , but the 5D has the resolution you need for top-quality images , and the ability to get true wide angle perspectives from your EF lenses . I happened to shoot this camera at a concert side-by-side with a vendor `` N '' camera , both under available light with 85mm f/1 .8 lenses at a range of ISOs . I found some shots I liked from the other camera , shot at ISO 400 , and comparable shots from the 5D which , to my surprise , turned out to be exposed at ISO 3200 . The 5D absolutely lives up to its low noise reputation . But do n't take my word for it , try one out for yourself .
 There are tons of raving reviews about the amazing 5D , so no repeating all that . There is one reason the 5D is THE choice
 I bought my 5D & 24-105mm L lens back in May 2007 largely based on the results and comments I saw in the various reviews on the Internet . At the time I had the Canon 30D with pretty much all the EF-S lenses . So , I decided to move to full frame digital with the 5D and 24-105L lens forming its base.The 5D produces some really outstanding images with the 24-105L -LRB- and other -RRB- lens , but images are not truly distinguishable from or remarkably better than what I had been getting from my 30D . The improvement is certainly not worth the difference in camera price . Perhaps it 's because my enlargements are never bigger than 8.50 '' x 11 '' . Regardless , since I sold all my EF-S lenses and the 30D I feel pretty entrenched with my decision.Please do n't get me wrong . The build quality and resulting images from the 5D are top notch . However , the Canon 5D feature set has become downright old in the over two years it has been on the market . The 5D menu system was replaced with the introduction of the XTi , 1DM3 , and 40D . Canon recognizes this as evidenced by the steep discounts they have been offering on the 5D over the past few months . Do n't get me wrong , the 5D is more camera than I am experienced enough to really get from it . I also like the fact I do n't have to do the math when buying a lens to make sure I get the image coverage I am used to getting from my 35mm film days.Now would be an ideal time to buy the 5D . As long as the buyer recognizes that in exchange for a full frame CMOS sensor and outstanding image , the camera has a smaller than advertised image buffer , slow 3 fps top burst speed , and relatively slow image transfer rate to their computer.If I had to do all over again I really think I 'd stay with the APS-C sensor based camera because Canon seems to be putting the majority of their development dollars into the APS size sensor based platforms . The higher noise these smaller sensors are inclined to produce has been effectively designed around by Canon.This is a common problem with quickly evolving technologies ; do I buy now and get a terrific product knowing full well it will be heading toward obsolescence in less than 2 years ? One solace I do have is the L and other EF lenses I bought this year will not be obsolete anytime soon.I still enjoy my 5D but I use my new 40D more . If Canon comes out with it 's FF replacement for the 5D in 2008 I will take a good hard look at it , and if my past performance is any indication of the future , I 'll buy it fully knowing the irrationality of my action . Good thing photography is a hobby for me.The Canon 5D and the 24-105L lens make an ideal do-it-all combination . It just that you can get substantially the same image quality and focal length coverage for considerably less money . And for some that matters .
 I just purchased the Canon 5D , the price finally came down to the point that I could afford , I have been waiting years for this camera , read every review on the Web , I really wanted that full frame sensor.I also own the Canon 40D which is also an excellent camera as far as frames per second , but has some issues that really bothered me , the biggest was that it did not focus well indoors unless there was plenty of light , considering the cost I expected more.The 40D has many bells and whistles such as live view which I never really used and a solid body that feels and look good.The first thing I tested with the 5D was its focusing ability in low light , it does a great job focusing fast every time , as a matter of fact I could n't get it not to focus even in the darkest room , this was very important to me.The camera body also has a a nice feel in the sense that it will probably be the first DSLR that I will not have to buy the battery grip for , it just feels comfortable in your hands.It is great to have my lenses actually reflect the focal lenghts as listed in the lens.The 5D produces noticeablly sharper pictures then any DSLR I have ever owned.I know that there will probably be a replacement before the end of the year for the 5D but it will probably be too expensive , so anyone wanting a full frame camera should probably buy the 5D now , you wo n't regret it .
 I have owned the 5D for about 5 months . I was waiting for the 5D Mark II but I decided not to wait any longer and I am glad I did n't . Previously I had used a Rebel XT that I still own and have as a second body . Reading the review that gave it only 2 stars is just a bit dissapointing . The overwhelming number of people -LRB- pros and amateurs alike -RRB- that have truly used this camera as it was designed -LRB- that is , coupled with the right choice of lens -RRB- have had outstanding results . This camera is excellent when used with the right lens ; I have used it with my Canon 16-35mm 2.8 L II and the full frame just sings edge to edge with beautiful , smooth tones and sharpness -LRB- think exquisite landscapes -RRB- . Vigneting is not an issue in my experience ; because of all the reviews posted , to go into a full review will be repetitious so I wo n't . Just for fun , I used a `` consumer '' lens to test it and it truly shows all the flaws of the cheaper optics ; this reinforced the notion that you really can not use this camera with lower quality glass.In addition , I have used it with my Canon 70-200mm 2.8 L with excellent results -LRB- portraiture and sports -RRB- . I am not a Canon snob ; in my 20 years of the hobby , I have used and still own a Nikon F with Nikkor lenses , as well as other Pentax and Canon cameras . I truly believe that now Canon has the best selection of lenses to go with many future cameras -LRB- I am still waiting for the 5D Mark II -RRB- . The closest camera that Nikon has that is full frame is the D3 , which has received great reviews but retails for $ 5,000 . Summary - This is an outstanding camera for the price ; it has taken my photography to a whole new level .
 Most people really do n't understand photography . If you are one of them , just buy a 5D Mk I. Get a 5D Mk II if you want to take great movies too.The 5D MkI is better than every other DSLR for a few reasons :1 . The pixels are larger than any other professional-caliber camera2 . The sensor is full frame , 3X larger than low cost DSLRs3 . Wide angle capableThe reason 1 is important is because the more electronics -LRB- Megapixels -RRB- you cram onto the silicon , the more noise you get . More pixels is worse in this respect , not better . In bright light , zillions of little pixels are fine , since noise is not dominant . But in low light , which is basically every picture with a shutter speed slower than 100th of a sec or so , noise is the primary quality consideration with digital . The 5D takes fantastic low light pictures , because it has such a large sensor without too many MPs , and that gives you huge , light-gathering pixels.As all good photographers know , you need a flash almost all the time , especially in full sun . The 5D 's large pixels allow you to capture lots of ambient light , so harsh light from the flash does n't dominate the scene . This allows gorgeous bright-light scenes with fill flash , and also beautiful ambient exposures in settings as dim as a candle.The reason 2 is important is because it effectively makes your lens 3X brighter by soaking up light with 3X the sensor surface area per unit time . High quality fast glass is incredibly expensive , so do n't waste that light by projecting it around -LRB- off of -RRB- a small sensor.The reason 3 is important is because you get the largest possible rectangular crop -LRB- 36mm x 24mm -RRB- out of the circular lens projection , meaning you get a much wider field of view . This makes for wide angle capabilities there are beyond the realm of possibility for most DSLRs which have a small sensor sitting in the middle of a large lens projection . You can buy a whole set of wider lenses for those cameras , but you lose optical quality and pay the same money in the end . Small sensors are commonly thought to give a zoom advantage on the tele end of the lens line , but of course they do n't because you can crop any picture you take with a full frame camera for the exact equivalent of what the cheaper DSLRs are doing.Nikon has countered with a full frame 12MP DSLR which meets all of the above criteria above , but I personally favor the rich colorful glass of the Canon L line . I also perfer Canon 's digital color rendering . Both of these bodies merit strong consideration from pros and beginners alike .
 I am an amateur photographer that started with a Rebel XTI and wanted to make the jump into full frame cameras . This camera was so easy for me to get a handle on , and the pictures came out so much better than my already excellent Rebel XTI . I bought it used , I am an amateur and could not justify buying the 5DmarkII . I have had it for over a year now and am very happy with it . I would highly recommend this camera if you want to move to a full frame camera , but do not want to make the investment into the 5DmarkII .
 I am a pro wedding photographer . I 've had a pair of these since 2006 and could not be happier . I did quite a bit of research , not just online , but in the field . I rented various models of pro offerings from Canon and Nikon . I attended `` rep '' days at my local camera store so I could grill the Nikon and Canon reps for answers to the questions that were not covered in the marketing materials or online reviews . I wanted a professional camera set up , but ended up with the pro-sumer 5D from Canon . Here are the factors that finally made my decision ; 1 -RRB- Performance : It must possess a fast enough ISO to capture clean low light images.It must have enough processor mettle to keep up with fast paced shooting . Any processor lag is not acceptable.It must produce file quality and size that delivers professional quality images to my clients.It must be durable enough to withstand the inherent bumps , dust and inclement weather I encounter during the course of a wedding.It must work perfectly with professional quality lenses , flashes and batteries .2 -RRB- Size/WeightI have small hands and not a huge amount of forearm strength . I needed an ergonomic set-up that I could carry continuously for 8-10 hours without needing to take up a special exercise routine that would give me Pop-eye arms.Granted , there were `` better '' cameras , but they were weighed down with additional features that I did n't want or need . I needed a lighter camera with standard and well placed controls that I can change and adapt from moment to moment without needing to scroll through lots of options . My biggest complaint about the 5D was the lack of weather seals and dust management , but these issues turned out to be minor . I do n't change lenses that often and I clean the sensors before every job . This has kept the dust to a minimum.Overall , I have been very satisfied with the 5D and would not hesitate to recommend it to sports and wedding photographers . It is a fast and lightweight camera that produces nice large image files .
 I am a pro photographer that has been using the 20 and 40d . The full frame sensor opened up a new world for my photography and lenses . I am especially impressed with the detail I 'm getting out of the shadows in my images .
 If you also shoot wide-angle , welcome
 I opened the box , try a couple of days . The pictures turned out to be fantastic , but I was expecting some other features . Hopefully I can still return this camera and get a full refund .
 My first and still digital camera was the Canon 10D , 6.1 MP . I have taken that from Alaska to Alabama and loved it . If I was to add an addition to the family it would be the 5D . Not only is it quiet , streamlined and efficient , the screen is picture perfect large and clear.As for now though , the 5D is on hold and the 10D reigns supreme . CP
 I gave this camera just 4 stars largely to merely contrary . I have a D60 already . I like how the camera handles , the shutter sound is pretty groovy , but really irrelevant . The larger field of view in viewfinder and larger LCD screen are quite nice , shockingly so at times . I do not print poster size images so the larger file sizes are almost annoying . 12.8 megapixels , as others have written elsewhere , does not double resolution from a 6 mp camera . It is noticable but not amazingly so . Bragging rights seem the strongest plus here for me . One disapointment is the histogram . I seemed to be getting overexposed images in some situations . The histogram on the camera itself looked great , but on screen , the highlights were blown out and the Photoshop histogram indicated this clearly . I makes you want to hold your histogram `` edges '' in closer to the center . My D60 did not have this problem . Otherwise , quite happy . I just did a shoot of a cross country ski race with the 70-300 IS lens . Really superb results . Now back to plant macro shots
 Big screen for review - easy to use - Big file
 The 5D was revolutionary in that it was the first , affordable , `` compact '' 35mm full frame -LRB- FF -RRB- digital SLR to hit the market.There were other FF dSLRs out before this from Canon and Kodak , but they were quite expensive and very large and heavy due to their vertical grips . Personally , I never purchased a 1 series , even when I was shooting film , due to the large bulk of these vertical grips . While they are supposed to add functionality and ergonomics , I find the additional bulk and weight to offset the advantages of a lightweight body . But that 's just me.At the time the 5D was announced , no other dSLR could produce images with such high quality . It 's noise performance at high ISO was so good that it took Nikon 2 years to create a body that could outperform it -LRB- from an image quality standpoint -RRB- , and that was with a high-dollar , bulky Pro body -LRB- Nikon D3 -RRB- . In 2008 , Nikon finally answered and released the D700 . So the Canon 5D had a monopoly on the `` prosumer '' segment FF dSLR market.Even today -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , the 5D is quite relevant . Its image quality is still very good . At lower ISOs , it can capture images with quality comparable to any 12-16MP dSLR out there . At higher ISOs , the 5D can produce image quality comparable to many of today 's APS dSLRs . However , when it comes to controlling depth of field , these APS dSLRs can not compete with the 5D . If you want to emphasis bokeh on a budget , get yourself a 5D . I should also add that the color rendition of 5D files are superb . Much nicer than my 5D MkII files , without a doubt .
 The first time I saw the Canon EOS 5D was back in 2005 , shortly after it was released . To me , it represented the logical digital version of a full-frame 35mm SLR at a fraction of the cost of the top-of-the-line offerings from Canon and Nikon . I purchased the kit , which includes the EF 24-105mm zoom lens , for a trip to Japan , with the intent of using this as my primary walk around camera . It performed as expected
 The EOS 5D is a terrific digital SLR . Its price point is n't for everyone but if you 're a very serious amateur or want to upgrade to a camera that 's pretty close to the 1D professional version -LRB- several thousand dollars more -RRB- - this is the camera . It has far more features than I am familiar with for the time being - but it is not hard to learn . I recommend it if you 're really serious about photography . The Amazon price , shipping , and business dealings are excellent .
 Great all rounder shines in landscape nothing comes close for this money , ok a new one be coming but will be $ 3000 -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Amazing , professional camera . Beautiful files straight out of the camera . It 's lightweight but it 's no light weight . The 5D is a full-frame camera that means your wide angle lens will produce the image you would expect.The price drop made it possible for me to invest in a second body.You will love it !
 This is a great camera . I recently upgraded from a 20D that I also loved ... but after one day shooting with the 5D and then looking at the results , the 20D will only be used in case of an emergency , or for B roll types of stuff . I 'm a long time pro photog from back in the days of film , and I do n't miss those days at all . Today 's young photographers do n't realize how great they have it with equipment available like this .
 Full frame capability is a must for indoor photography where a wide angle is necessary to capture all of the area desired . A definite improvement if you are upgrading from a Canon 10D camera . I would recommend using Canon L lenses to take the best quality pictures from this camera . Full frame makes it a lot easier to see through the camera lens since you get a lot larger viewing area compared to the cameras with a cropped sensor . I found the brightness of the LCD Display tolerable in day light . The camera takes the same high quality pictures you expect from Canon and the sharpness settings are acceptable.I gave it a four star just because Canon should have at least included a flash or infrared beam for low light auto focusing . Also Canon omitted the standard basic zone programmed settings as in their less expensive cameras . These are minor complaints but helpful for a lot of shooting situations . I would unquestionably choose a full frame over any cropped sensor camera unless my majority of pictures are for long range subjects.I extremely enjoy using this camera and would not hesitate to recommend this camera . I think the new lower price is very attractive to many buyers since there are rumors that a new version will be out in August 2008 .
 It 's a great camera . My first full frame and I 'm hooked already . Ca n't wait for the replacement to come out . My photos are taking on a whole new dimension with full frame.UPDATE
 This is an excellent camera and since recent price drops it has become an excellent deal . While it does n't have the bells and whistles of some of the newer offerings from Nikon and Canon -LRB- dust removal on the sensor , live view to name two -RRB- , the design is 2.5 years old . By far the oldest dSLR in Canon 's line up and one of the oldest digital cameras still being sold.But where it matters , image quality from the camera still rivals the newest models out there . Great color , low noise , spot on autofocus . This is a tremendous product . I 've used my two 5D bodies every day since Dec 2005 and they 've never failed me.If there is anything about this camera that bothers me it 's dusty sensors . I do n't think this attracts more dust than other cameras , but the sensor is about twice the size of the sensor in other consumer and prosumer cameras , so there is twice as much surface area to attract dust . But the superior image quality is worth the occasional sensor cleaning .
 I do n't have to say much , the experts have already said it all . Canon is king and you wo n't be disappointed with this camera . They 've left no stone unturned . I 'd like to get my hands on a 1D and compare the differences , but I have to say , for my needs , this meets the bill.I 'm a Designer/Art Director and use this camera for everything from art for print and web to shooting finished pieces for my portfolio . Also used it to shoot a wedding and was quite happy.One point , if you spend the dough on this camera , expect to also spend it on accessories .
 i was looking for something like this and i finally found it.it works well and useful
 a great camera to take with you every day takes great pictures and takes up no room in your pocket
 This camera is nice and compact . For the casual user , it seems to do everything we want it to -- and the interface is pretty straightforward.The included battery lasted about 6 months before becoming an unusable brick , but replacements were relatively inexpensive . We bought an extra to keep in the case for long trips w/o power available.The form factor is great in that the camera collapses to a pretty much flat , regular shape for packing .
 Casio Exilim is a great camera . It is slim , charming from the outside , distinctive , and a good company too . The only bad thing is that it does n't have effects on the camera . For instance , some cameras have this one type of effect where they are able to pick out one color , and make the rest of the picture black and white , but Casio doesnt have it . though it does have the regular black and white pictures , and sepia , and for photos that are taken at night and such.I did n't mind to much over the effects , I just should of done my research before chosing it . But my main problem was that it started to act up . The shutters and lens would not let me take the photo and it the fact that i have n't even had it for atleast a year , took my by surprise . I do not know why it started to act up or what caused it but luckily , it was still under warranty and it is in the process in being fixed.Other than that , it is a great digital camera and takes fantastic photos , especially because it comes out clear and outstanding!I hope my review was a help in some way : - -RRB-
 havent really had the time to play with all of the features but it has decent pictures -LRB- action in the snow is hard to capture until you kno apperature speeds , white balance etc. -RRB- . great video/sound recording - it replaced my almost three year old DV camera and my 4x digital camera . plus it cost about half the price of the DV -LRB- original price -RRB- . My only full length video recording was at an Axtonville Radio accoustic show and although its not HD DVD quality you can get about an hours worth of reasonably high quality video and sound onto a 2GB card and then standard DVD format . i love its size , usability and features .
 I love this camera ! Very slim and light , takes great photos , and does what it claims it will do .
 This is a great camera - it 's so thin , and takes amazing pictures , even when the subject is moving . The Best Shot option makes taking pictures under any kind of lighting great quality . I suggest this to anyone !
 Pro
 I love this camera . I would rather have the 10 MP version , but I got this as a gift . It 's really slim , and the battery charges in less than an hour and stays full for weeks . I use my camera almost everyday . I like all the photo options , and they all work really well . The manual and software/cords are all great . The only thing I do n't really like is the battery charger . I think if it had a retractable plug , instead of a detachable cord , it would be better . Everything else about this is great . The picture quality is also great .
 I am so pleased with my purchase of the Casio Exilim Digital Camera . It is easy to use and it takes excellent pictures and short videos . The camera is small enough to fit inside a wristlet or a pocket . It is also pretty light . I would recommend this camera for anyone who wants a small , lightweight camera with great quality . Plus the black one looks so sleek !
 I love my casio exilim , Had many doubts just because of the casio name . . but read good reviews like the one I am writing today . I especially like the the differant settings for taking pictures . Such as the anti-shake feature described in the title ... The pictures come out crystal clear ... Great camera for website photos and Ebay sales . .
 I ca n't rave enough about this camera . It 's simply the most simple camera I 've ever had the pleasure of taking pictures with . I love the fact that it 's about the size of a deck of cards . TINY ! I think the `` best shot '' mode is a great idea . It takes all the fussiness out of taking anything other than a normal shot and it even makes taking routine shots a breeze . Turn the camera on and use the default automatic setting or hit the `` best shot '' button and you have a menu of options to tell the camera exactly what you 're photographing . Examples
 I have had this camera for about a week now . I bought it to replace a camera that I loved , but which I decided was just too big for my pocket . The picture quality so far has been excellent . I have not seen any of the artifacts that I often saw with my 4 MP Kodak.The size of the camera and the sleek black outer shell can ; t be beat . It is exactly what I was looking for!The only warning is related to the battery . I had it in my pocket -LRB- without a case -RRB- , having recharged it fully before I went out . When I went to take a picture , the battery was dead . I must have touched something in my pocket that caused it to go on . I have since purchased a case , so I am hopeful that will not happen again.One additional note - the only way to recharge the camera is to take the battery out and put it in a charger . This is not an optimal design . There apparently is a cradle available for the camera at the casio web site , but they are out of stock .
 I ca n't begin to tell you how wonderful this little camera is . I am a graphic design student and all my teachers require us to take our own pictures to use in our projects . Before I had this camera , I had a Kodak 3.2 megapixel camera and although I loved that camera it just was n't powerful enough to meet my needs . So after months of research , I decided that this would be the ideal camera to meet my needs . I 'm proud to say I made a wise purchase.Let 's review the positives.-It 's slim and light weight ! - Anti-shake makes it impossible to blur up your pictures , trust me I 've done the tests.-It 's extremely easy to use.-Nice big view screen -LRB- a huge problem with my Kodak -RRB- - Fast shutter speed -LRB- not the case with my Kodak -RRB- - Various kinds of modes and flashes-The most important feature is the photos are absolutely wonderful with this camera . If you are a professional photographer this camera would make you proud.Now as with every product , there are always a few negatives and this camera is n't any different.-It comes with minimal accessories and no case . Because this is a nice little camera , I recommend you also purchase a case so you do n't hurt it.-As with all digital cameras , the battery life is a little on the low side . You can get in a lot of shots but I recommend buying a back up just in case . I purshcased mine on ebay for a mere $ 8 . If you are lucky you could get that deal as well.-You do have to take the battery out to charge it and it 's a pain . I would try to buy a cradle if you can but if you do n't it 's not a huge hassel , just less steps.-You will need to upgrade to at least a 1GB memory card if you would like more than 100 pictures and I 'm guessing you will.-My biggest gripe about my camera is that you can not change the default settings on it and have them remain after you turn the camera off and back on again . It does n't allow you a lot of control . The good part about this is eventually your figure it out and you can eliminate the problems when you find the right buttons . It just would be nice to change something and not have to keep resetting everytime you use the camera.-Another thing that bugs me is that the default saving of pictures is 72 pixels . For all of you who do n't no what that is , it 's the resolution of your picture -LRB- how clear it is -RRB- . Now the default for printing your pictures on a standard printer is between 140-240 . Now the good thing about the camera is it takes huge pictures so you can trim them down in photoshop like I do and make them fit your needs . But for people who do n't know a lot about this it can make it difficult to load pictures on the net and it might take forever to upload them . That is the one thing I enjoyed about my Kodak . It kept the default pixels at about 230 and the picture size was still large enough to work for you.-And my last major gripe with this camera is that it 's sometimes difficult to find the right mode to take some pictures . A good example of this is when I was at a function this year , they were putting on a show . With the show came backlights . It took me forever to find a mode that would take decent enough pictures . My Kodak came with a setting for this very problem and I used it all the time . I only wish this camera did the same.Overall , all the cons out weighted the bad and I love my purchase . I think this would be a wonderful find for anyone who enjoys digital photography or is a graphic desinger such as myself .
 I love : How quick and responsive it is.How tiny it is -LRB- without being `` I lost it again '' tiny -RRB- . I 'm surprised it 's sub $ 200 , seems like a camera worth much more than that.The photos it takes are gorgeous.The video it takes is surprising good quality.The battery lasts quite an impressively long time , and recharges quickly.Screen is gorgeous.Menu navigation is easy.Only downsides : -LRB- This is minor -RRB- focusing takes a tiny bit of getting used to . It 'll shoot without you focusing properly if you get trigger happy.It feels a bit fragile - like an iPod -LRB- although I 've already dropped it and it survived fine -RRB- so you 'll want a decent case for it .
 This camera is great . I am particularly happy with the shutter speed and the way the camera captures action shots . It fits nicely in my jean pocket and is easy to use . The LCD screen is large . The battery life is good . The charger is a bit bulky but this would not stop me from getting the camera . I 've recommended this camera to many friends and they are all happy with it .
 This Casio Exilim EX-270 is as good as it could get . The fast clicking to take the picture eliminates the hand shake , hence the Anti Shake feature . The reason I gave it a 4 star only , is that this product does not come with a flash card -LRB- optional -RRB- , that means the shipped product have a cpacity of about 7 pictures . Too bad !
 I have taken about 300 exposure with my Casio Exilim EX-Z70 camera . I purchased it so as to have a quality camera on me at all times , especially when I did not want to carry my DSLR . Considering the cost and size of this `` pocket camera '' , I am quite pleased with my purchase . The photos are crisp and the colors very pleasing and realistic.One must keep in mind when comparing this camera to a DSLR that the sensor is substantially smaller than in the DSLR . This means that , even though the megapixels are slightly greater than the DSLR , because of the smaller sensor , noise becomes a more significant factor . The only strong dislike I have for the camera is the lack of an optical viewfinder . I know of no other camera this small and in this price range that has an optical viewfinder . I find it quite difficult to hold the camera still while also holding it so I can see the LCD viewfinder , which is good and bright.While `` Anti-Shake '' is built in , I have not experienced any great steadiness from that feature.The 3:1 optical zoom lens provides a very sharp and crisp image . If I had to do it over , I would still purchase this same camera .
 I 'm writing this assuming you want a camera with lots of options , that 's easy to navigate , but not too technical . This meets all those criteria for me.There are so many `` quick shot '' settings
 We have had this camera for about two years now , and I have nothing but good things to say about it . I have three kids , so not only does it need to be able to take great action shots , but also be durable enough to survive in my house.Photographs : The quality of photos that this camera takes is top notch . For a 7 mega pixel camera I am suitably impressed . Of course , there are limits as to the artistic abilities you are able to preform . But all in all , the quality is great , the plethora of shooting options available to choose from can truly take care of your photographic need for most any circumstance . You are also able to manually control the settings such as the white balance , ISO , etc. . You can even create your own shooting option in the menu.Video : We do n't have a camcorder as a matter of personal preference . Mostly due to the fact that we would never take any video because we would always leave the camcorder at home . But having the video in our camera like this has been a life saver for our family . We 've been able to record some great moments that would have otherwise been left to our vague memories . Granted in low light situations it is a bit grainy , however generally has been a gem.Durability : I have three children ages from 3 to 7 . I have had this camera for two years , have taken it to several different countries and it is still in great working condition . Casio did a great job on the durability aspect of this camera as well.I would recommend this camera for its ease of use , and quality photos to anyone who would care to listen .
 This is been a great little camera . The pictures are great . The only gripe is
 Bougth expressly for the compact size and I have not been disappointed . I take it on scout outings and have really been impress with the zoom and quality of the pictures that are taken . fits right in the palm of my hand and always ready to snap pics . There is no real delay on the shutter and battery life has never been a problem . Curious to know how it will last on a one week hike on the coast .
 I have owned 3 of this make/model of camera and I really like them . Casio makes a quality product that is easy to use and has some nice extras to mess with .
 best deal on a digital camera i have found . It was $ 40 cheaper than store price for the old model . It is extremly easy to use and takes great pictures .
 It 's very easy to understand and light and small . The photos are of high quality , especially when flash is used . The price is reasonable too .
 This camara is just as good as the great reviews in PC Magazine and I could not be happier . Bill
 I rate it 4 stars because I 'm sure there are far superior cameras out there , but I do n't think you can get them for the price.I 've only used the camera for about a day now , but it took great pictures of my horse , even in his stall . The flash is really good and the pictures turn out so nicely , this is my first digital camera that I 've owned so I was very surprised at the quality . It 's pretty easy to fidle with and pretty user friendly to me . It 's so tiny , I 'm afraid to put it in my pocket or in my purse for fear that it might scratch-but that 's not a bad thing , it makes it very easy to carry around , like carrying around another cell phone . It took good pictures in a poorly lit horse stall , so I 'm very excited to see how well it does at a horse show or at a concert -LRB- the primary reasons I got the cameara -RRB- in even darker settings . Hopefully it will do well . You may have to mess with the colors in low lighting , through photoshop on your computer , but once you do the colors turn out perfect .
 i 've been looking for a good digital camera for a while ... i ; m not the biggest on complicated camera 's so i wanted something easy to navigate ... and thts exctly waht i got ... it works great the battery lasts a long time and only takes an hour and a half to charge ... u can set it go off after a certain amount of time so u dont waste the battery also ... it has best shot selsectiosn for when u takin pics of stuff at night of fireworks , ebay items , ur laptop and all sorts of stuff.and a plus is that its very slim and sleek and takes a beating well ... i havve mine thrown in my purse and their arent any scarathces on it or anything . . i think that 200 and some dollars is a great price for this awesome product
 Super fast delivery , product in excellent condition , will buy from this company again .
 I love the camera it was Christmas gift from my fiance ' and the pictures are soooo clear ... No other words can be said
 Camera is always available for the `` I wish I had a camera moments '' in a easy accessable shirt or coat pocket . Good pictures ... but I would like a wide-angle ability
 Excellent camera ... for someone like me , a lazy and un-technical person its a life saver for this high-speed , hi-tech world we are living in !!!
 It 's an amazing piece of machinery . I have to admit that I bought a 2.0 GB memory card for it , and that has made it absolutely incredible ! The battery lasts a long time . It takes great pictures -LRB- and you have choices , too ! -RRB- . With the card , I get up to 30 min of video . And all of this in such a small package ! It weighs nothing . Easy download , easy focus , easy to use -LRB- even for me -RRB- . Too bad it 's been discontinued -LRB- by the way , the price was great , too -RRB- .
 We wanted this camera to replace a much older larger one that died . We are very please with the size , speed , and features . It 's definitely a pocketable camera . It 's quick to turn on and get ready to take a shot . The shutter is also quick . The best shot feature which adjusts settings is slick . The functions to turn on/off the flash are easy to get to and the view screen is sharp and viewable even in sun light .
 Absolutely wonderful camera ! I did a lot of research before buying this camera and I was really pleased with the shipment and quality . It takes fantastic and clear photos !!
 I had the older model of this and wanted to upgrade . I love both of them , but am very glad I upgraded . The pictures are clearer . I love the Casio cameras . Small , user friendly , holds up well . Great all around .
 It 's great , takes clear pics , nice and compact , but the best feature is NO DELAY from when you push the button and the picture is taken
 My brother in law is a district manager for a large camera retailer . When my other digital camera died over the holiday weekend he suggested I buy this one . It was a special holiday package that came with the charger , carrying case , and 512 mg card . He said he had just bought one for his parents and felt for normal every day it was a great camera.I have had it a week . I was becoming very frustrated at the blurry pictures or not so clear photos . I do n't expect Nikon professional clarity but I do expect clear/crisp photos . This was n't happening regardless of what I was taking a picture of.It was n't until I sat down for an hour playing with all of the settings and `` best shot '' features that I really started seeing the camera 's value . I love the Black and White feature.In the end , I think this is a pretty good $ 200 camera and it just has a learning curve on the various settings -LRB- best shot , flash , color , and zoom -RRB- to get the quality you are looking for .
 With the purchase of a 1 gig memory card this camera is a hoot . It will hold dozens of pictures and a bunch of short videos at a time . The pictures at high quality are too large to e-mail but they look great . At low quality they still look pretty good and the file size is about 1/10th as much . The video auto focus is crystal clear from 2 '' to infinity , never a blur of any type . It 's pretty unbelievable . I think the negative comments are from people who never learned how to use the camera properly . The instructions are lousy but it is pretty intuitive if you just fiddle around with it for a couple of days until it becomes second nature . It sure beats video tapes and it is as small as a pack of cigarettes . My old Sony video cam cost nearly a grand 10 years ago , this is light years better . The battery life is good but I 'm going to buy a spare so I never get caught off guard .
 I found the camera to be very good , takes excellent photos , great zoom , I had to purchase a memory card overall both are a great value
 this is the best camera i 've ever saw and my daughter loves it . .
 I BOUGHT THIS CAMERA A FEW DAYS AGO , AND I HAVE ALREADY FOUND IT TO BE A GREAT LITTLE POCKET CAM . I HAD A SONY BEFORE , WHICH GAVE ME PROBLEMS . THIS IS WONDERFUL . I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO WANTS A SLEEK AND STYLISH CAMERA AT A GREAT PRICE .
 This is a very cool camera and it has a really good design . It has 7.2 Megapixels and it is anti shake . Very good for kids to adults who are new at photography , or good for anyone who just wants a nice sleek design with very good photo quality .
 I have had three other digital cameras over the years . I am just a point-n-shoot type of photographer , but I also like gadgets . This camera gives me the ability to take quick photos with no fuss , or I can put in a tiny bit of effort make make some neat enhancements . This was definately a camera worth buying .
 This little guy does it all for amature digital photographers for a great price ! JR 's is where I got it from and they were wonderful . I received the item sooner than expected ! This camera takes movies and has a nice size screen and it 's conveniently small to carry anywhere . I gave it as a gift to an older person -LRB- not so great eye sight if you know what I mean ! -RRB- and they have no problems with it whatsoever ! It 's very user friendly .
 The camera has preformed exceptionally well . The pictures are perfect and it takes exceptionally good short movies . It is easy to use and with a good memory card you can take pictures all day long .
 I am happy with this camera . It is the second I have purchased from the Exlim series . The only limitation is in charging batteries because you need to open and extract the battery to the charger-cradle . My previous camera had a cradle in which you could lay the camera for recharging and image transfer .
 Purchased because it seemed to offer the features I wanted at the best price of all brands I reviewed . I am glad I did . The cute little camera takes wonderful photos and for a person like me , the anti-shake feature is great . No more `` blurries '' . It is super easy to use and I began taking pictures before even reading the instructions . Everything is easily figured with the easy to use menus . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is I do n't like that you have to remove the battery to recharge it . It would have been nice to have a docking sort of feature . However , I would definately purchase again .
 it 's perfect ! i use it all the time and i understand everything wonderfully . i love it 's size , weight , and shape . it fits easily in my small purse and the pictures always turn out great ! i recommend this to everyone and it 's reasonable priced , too !
 I just got this camera a few days ago and havent put it down since ! This camera is very compact , sleek , and well built . Great for travel which is why I got it . When I want to go out anywhere , it fits in my front pocket .
 made for a neat clean safe install of my componets in my carno clutter of wires and no worry about electrical shorts
 works great , i run multiple amps for my system and this splitter is very handy , keeps things nice and neat and seems to be a very quality product
 I used 2 of these along with an inline fuse to create an extra circuit on my motorcycle and it worked perfectly.It looks nice under the seat too .
 This is a 1 in and 4 out Dist Block for car audio . The whole block is gold plated for better current flow , and there is a plastic shield to keep it from grounding out after it has been hooked up.Works very well i have 2 installed in my car audio set up .
 A solid product that works great . I mounted it securely to the frame by the spare tire . Plastic is very thick , a good thing !
 You can easily spend double or triple the amount of cash on a fancy big-box store or Monster PDU . Why ? Rarely if ever is someone going to see it . This PDU is perfectly acceptable for the intended purpose . I have mine mounted in my center console and it works great . Not much to say here as it 's a simple metal block essentially . Value-wise , it ca n't be beat . The big name brand -LRB- read
 I have a Samsung Home Theater with the LCD of the same brand . When I changed my cables to the new Optical cable from Philips even my wife that is not much into this noticed the change , it 's crisp and clear .
 I picked up a pair of these recently for very cheap . Not from Amazon , but I 'm going to post here because I think the reviews for this on here do n't do it any justice.Upon initial listening , I was unimpressed with how they sounded . The mids and highs were very clear , but the bass left a lot to be desired . However , I tried a little experiment by putting on foam covers from other earbuds I had , since I knew that those things make a huge difference in the bass response for earbuds . WOW ! What a difference . These earbuds now have deep , strong bass and they sound excellent . Why there were n't foam things included with these earbuds , I do n't know . They certainly gave a lot of other accessories.With the accessories they are easily worth $ 25 , if you can find some foam things -LRB- not sure what to call them , haha -RRB- . I do generally prefer this open style to the in-ear style.PS I 've tried many earbuds before , including the Shure E2c , E3c , Entymotic ER-6 and ER-6i , various Sony ones , stock earbuds from mp3 players , etc. .
 I ca n't do the in-ear headphones so I searched for something in this style . There are n't too many choices so I was willing to settle a little . These headphones surprised me . They sound very crisp and detailed and seem very well made . The bass response is a little restrained even with the iPod EQ adjusted but that is my only complaint . The accessories are a nice bonus at this price .
 Finding ear bud type headphones that are a value and of some quallity seems harder and harder , as the `` in ear '' craze goes . I personally cant enjoy those , they always fall out of my ears , and it always sounds like im underwater.These on the other hand are great headphones . The sound is good , they are stylish , they come with a headphone cord extender -LRB- which could run you 10-15 on its on on some sites -RRB- , as well as a case , which i doubt i 'll ever use but hey , its free . The one down side would be that they are a tad bit heavier due to the fact that they are made out of metal , not plastic painted to look like metal . The cord also seems a bit cheap , but overall , if these last me 6 months -LRB- 2 months perfect so far -RRB- i will have gotten my 20 bucks worth .
 Very surprised by the superb sound by this little metal earphones , especially at this price . Have to try to believe it . Again , I am thrilled .
 I was looking for a pair of inexpensive , good sounding ear buds . I read an online review of different varieties of ear devices . These came in under the budget category with a good review . I agree . These are as good , if not better than the standard ear buds that come with Apple products .
 sound
 I 've had the N1 for about a month now and have been pleased with the performance and quality of the N1 . I had a SLR-like camera that was rather heavy and inconvenient to bring around . With this N1 , I can bring it with me anywhere I go!Pros : - lightweight and compact 8 megapixels ! - 3 inch screen ! - touchscreen with easy navigation through the menus - high quality mpeg videos . Unlike some other cameras that limit videos to one minute clips , the Sony N1 allows you to record as long as you have capacity . - crisp and vibrant photos - battery lasts a fairly long time . Lasted over 400 shots -LRB- with and without flash -RRB- . Actual length will vary depending on usage . - built in album/memory - can take photos in burst mode - has many pre-set modes to choose fromCons : - When recording in video mode , the N1 can not zoom . You can only zoom before you begin recording . - Did n't come with any cheap camera sleeve - Did n't come with even a small memory stick -LRB- perhaps I 've been spoiled by other camera manufacturers that give at least a 16MB or 32MB card -RRB- . - When shutting off the camera , the lens cover sometimes does not close completely -LRB- could just be isolated incidents -RRB- . - might have been nice to also have the old manual viewfinder when you want to save your batteries - Taking videos drains the battery pretty quickly - No image stabilization feature -LRB- knew that it did n't have this before I purchased . it would have been nice to have it though as many of the new high end compacts have the feature -RRB- - uses the Memory Stick Duo -LRB- the smaller one -RRB- . Many laptops come with built-in card readers nowadays , including compatibility with Memory Stick Pros . However , none that I know of have a slot built in for the Memory Stick Duos ; therefore , I always have to bring along the adapter , or the included USB cable . - LCD can get dirty with fingerprints - Shutter lag for higher quality shots -LRB- 5MP-8MP -RRB- Recommendation : With the prices for flash media dropping , I would recommend getting at least a 1GB card memory stick.I 've uploaded a chart showing the estimated capacity of various sizes of memory sticks.Overall I 'm happy with this , and would recommend it to anyone who can afford to spend a bit more for a point and shoot camera . ------------------- -LRB- Edit 2/27/07 -RRB-
 I purchased a Sony DSC-N1 in early December . As it is a new camera , spare battery had to be ordered from Sony . The camera did great at Christmas as it has an F 2.8 zoom lens , has a 3 inch Touch Screen / LCD and is very compact . I decided to leave the big Nikons and Canon SLRs at home for our January Cruise to Cozumel . The Sony was excellent . My wife was shocked when I put the Sony in it 's waterproof Dive enclosure when I went Scuba Diving off Key West . The camera worked flawlessly at 47 ft depth . Following the dives , I took photos on surface and in town with the waterproof housing still attached . All came out fine . In total , we took 963 photos on vacation . It was useful to have a portable computer along . I dumped the accessory 1 Gig memory stick daily . BE SURE TO Follow instructions when transferring images from camera to Computer . I failed to turn the camera off before connecting to USB port and lost my photos for that day . Returning home , my wife had a knee replacement , and the trusty Sony has been there pre-op , post-op in recovery , etc , recording her daily progress including photos of her xrays , and macro shots of her sutures . In summation an excellent carry camera , with great flexibility , and well designed controls .
 I 've had the DSC-N1 for about a week now , and I love it . It is the best camera I 've had so far , and my first Sony . I went form the Kodak DX 7440 to the Casio EX-750 to the DSC-N1 . The 3 '' screen is tremendous , there is no other way to describe it . Not only large but clear from all angles , in almost all lighting conditions , and a very fast refresh rate and GREAT resolution and color depth . I know , it sounds over-the-top , but you have to see just how good this screen is . The touch-screen is somewhat unique . It takes a bit to get used to , and at first I was n't sure if I liked it . Having spent a week using it now , I love it . It is pretty intuitive -LRB- although some menu placements are not -RRB- . I think this may be a love-it-or-hate-it type of feature , but I love it.The camera is very responsive , the menus are fast , and the focus has been dead-on accurate . The flash works well , and seems to evenly light the subject area.The detail is great so far on screen and after printing . I have no complaints at all . The large screen is great for playing back your pictures -LRB- with many slideshow options with sound -RRB- and sharing with others . I have the docking station also which works great and has a remote control ... To summarize : - AMAZING 3 '' large screen - Reliable focus - Good flash - very good detail and even lighting in photos - Quick response to shooting and menus - Unique touch screen
 Ok so I bought a Canon powershot about 6 years ago that was 2 mega pixels and I sold it within a few months . Bad battery life , slow to view pics etc. . Then I did n't get another camera until this Sony DSCN1 . I received this camera about a month ago and have taken hundreds of photos with it . I 'm not a big picture taker since I remember back in the day with the film and flash that it always seemed that half of my photos did not have the correct lighting . This camera takes care of all the worries for me . I just set it on auto and it does auto everything . They should call it automatically take every picture the very best you can.The pictures that come out this little camera are freeking amazing . They are so clear and crisp . I absolutely love this camera . The battery life is phenomenal I took well over 200 photos and did the slide show a few dozen times and the thing still had 1/4 battery life.So here is my list of things I like .1 . Touch screen which is very cool , fast big , and easy to use .2 . Picture playback , fast it moves through the pictures on the camera in no time at all . Not like the Canons that sit there , thinking , thinking , thinking oh here is the photo .3 . Compact size and feel . Very sturdy light weight and packed with features .4 . Slideshow feature is so freekin cool . Everyone that has seen it loves it.Ok here are the things I do n't like .1 . that big nice touch screen ya well it can scratch and there are not any pre cut screen covers for the camera . I took a film for a PDA and cut it to size to solve the issue but It would be nice to have a pre cut one that could be bought .2 . The photo cd making software that comes with the camera did n't detect my cd burner so I had to save it as an image file and image files can only be burnt to a disk using Toast for the Mac . Did n't like that feature too much.That 's it everything else I love about this camera . I would recommend this camera to anyone who is looking for a nice camera that does it all and makes it easy for those of us whom are not photographers . Great batter life , small size , amazing pictures , and a good quality brand make this camera a 5 for me .
 First , and foremost , this is the best digital camera I have ever owned . It is very important to always have the camera mode set to `` Program '' . After reading reviews for weeks , prior to buying the camera -LRB- Used for 3 days -RRB- , two complaints stand out . The video noise , while using the playback , and the lack of a viewfinder . The noise is eliminated in the video recording mode by setting the `` Focus '' menu to infinity or either a lower setting -LRB- 7.0 m , 3.0 m , etc. -RRB- . I may add , the results are always better when you do not use the zoom while video recording . Since this is a 3X optical zoom , moving closer to the subject is better . When you watch professional movies , you will see less zooming because most cameras create a sound , which can be annoying . It is a must to use the pro duo memory stick , using the 640 -LRB- Fine -RRB- setting . Second , the viewfinder is not an issue , when you 1 . -RRB- Turn on the AF Illuminator , 2 . -RRB- Set the camera mode to `` Program '' , 3 . -RRB- Increase the EV to '' +2 '' , 4 . -RRB- Set the Flash Level -LRB- see the menu under the infinity setting -RRB- to '' + '' , and set the Focus to either `` Center AF '' or `` Spot AF '' . These seem like a number of steps , but believe me , it will come second-nature , when you practice , practice , practice . This camera is an unique individual . You paid for it , so , use it and it will prove it 's worth . I have no complaints , that this camera 's built in features can not be remedy . This camera has unlimited possibilities .
 This is the second digital I have owned and I have tried a couple of others . My first digital was a Kyocera 5MP S5 . I was looking for a camera the focused faster and had good low light capabilities.The DSC-N1 has a very fast autofocus and this makes getting moving objects easy . In fact it makes getting all shots a lot easier . The autofocus is the best I have used . The low light assist lamp makes getting night shots easy and works well inside or near the subject . The DSC-N1 focuses quickly in low light.The screen is really is easy to see in bright sun and fairly good in low light . I was sceptical about not having a viewfinder but the screen works great . The touch screen works impressively . It was easy to figure out the menu system and the touch screen works great with just a finger . I believe that a lot cameras will be going to the touch screen in the future . The touch screen makes changing settings quick and easy . The best part is that the DSC-N1 works perfectly in the auto setting.The movie mode is easy to use and good quality . The ability to take long movies really makes this feature much more usable . I am impressed with the stability of the the photos during the movie mode . The movies play back smoothly on the 3 inch screen.The flash is really impressive for a point and shoot camera . It will easily reach 15 feet or more . The flash gives full coverage over large groups of people . The battery life is a good as the spec 's say . I have used the camera all day several times and have not came close to using up the battery . The battery stands up well to heavy flash use and the battery recovers quickly between flash shots.The photo album is a fun feature for showing friends pictures . The 3 inch screen also helps because several people can view the screen at one time . The drawing capability is a waste of time for me but a few people may use it.The only low point -LRB- maybe -RRB- is the thickness when you compare it to the ultra compact camera 's on the market . No ultra compact can offer the pictue quality , features and 8.1 MP of the DSC-N1 at this time . The DSC-N1 fits easily in a pocket and can be carried around without catching any swithes on your clothing.I plan on purchasing the marine pack and using this camera for scuba diving . This camera has the highest megapixals count for a compact camera with a underwater scuba case.Sony should really have a HIT with this camera .
 As stated by many other customers . This camera is full of features . The touch screen is large and the pictures are easy to review/edit . The digital zoom function works great . Take a picture , zoom in a section and make new picture that still has great resolution for 4 '' X 6 '' prints . I have tried this and the pictures look great . I have not tried larger sizes yet . The paint function allows you to doodle on the pictures and save another picture without disrupting the original . The power ` on ' delay is short , so you are ready to shoot in a couple of seconds . The bad part is that the docking station and memory stick duo pro is not included . This would have been a good thing to have in the package . So , plan accordingly when purchasing this camera . You can take a few pictures without a memory card and they will be stored on the internal 26MB storage . Did I mention the pictures look very good ? Many preset options for shooting in different conditions as well as the manual mode . The touch screen makes this camera a snap to set and use . I was able to navigate through the menus quickly . Even a novice will have fun with this camera right out of the box . Try it . I think you 'll love it . The lack of included hardware -LRB- docking station , memory stick duo pro -RRB- is not a deal breaker .
 I own the DSC-N1 since November 2005 . This is the first ultra-compact model that offers a massive 3.0-inch touchscreen LCD . The battery lasts for hundreds of pictures , anyway you will need an extra battery pack.The shooting performance is very impressive . In Normal record mode , the shot to shot delay with and without the use of the flash is incredibly fast . -LRB- less than 2 seconds -RRB- . It offers various image adjustments for sharpness , contrast and saturation , which will allow you to `` dial in '' that certain look . The Carl Zeiss 3x optical zoom lens helped produce sharp images throughout its 38-114mm -LRB- 35mm equivalent -RRB- range , which are virtually free from any signs of chromatic aberrationMovie mode produce very good results . Overall the 640x480 Fine mode captures high-quality movies , with very little compression noise.Sony DSC-N1 is a very convenient digital package that offers great image quality , speedy performance , and a very cool touchscreen LCD.Its 8M Fine images have more than enough resolution to create stunning 13x19-inch borderless prints . Very light and small to carry in your pocket , almost the size of a deck of cards . Taking pictures is a snap when using either of its fully automatic modes
 I have been using this Sony DSC N1 for almost 4 weeks now.And here is summary on this camera : Pro :1 . Compact -LRB- Though not ultra compact -RRB- 2 . Very short recycle time3 . Lot of modes and settings to play and adjust your photo4 . Cool Slide show on internally stored upto 500 photos5 . Excellent Battery life6 . Beautiful video in mpeg formatCon :1 . Expensive -LRB- unless you get a great deal , it may not be worth the value -RRB- 2 . Some photos look warm on LCD screen in low light condition -LRB- but look OK when you see on the computer -RRB- 3 . Need to purchase expensive memory stick pro duo4 . Touch screen looks fragile -LRB- I am looking for a protector for it -RRB- In all this is very good camera and the 8.1 megapixle resolution is almost like 5x optical zoom on 5MP camera .
 First , let me say I have had this camera for 5 years . I have never had an issue with the battery life or the touch screen . The picture quality is not quite what it used to be , but it 's still great and I 'm not ready to trade it in just yet -LRB- I 'm also not fully convinced that it 's not my photo printer -RRB- . The touch screen could not make this an easier camera to learn and use . There are no little buttons with pictures , the ` buttons ' appear on the screen with words rather than pictures , which is what attracted me to this camera . There is even a primitive photo editor in the camera and a slide show function with music.I can honestly say this was my first Sony product and the quality blew me away . I now have several Sony products -LRB- I am typing this review on my Vaio currently -RRB- and this is definitely an excellent one !
 This camera was a good buy for me . The first digital camera I owned only had 1.3 megapixels so as far as I was concerned this one was a big upgrade for me . I very much wanted to purchase a newer camera but was not impressed with a lot of digitals on the shelves . So many seem small , the screens hard to view and the buttons are microscopic . I began reading about the first Cybershots released by Sony after a co-worker showed me hers . I then spent a lot of time looking to purchase a Cybershot . I noticed that the N1 and N2 models were still quite popular . I missed out on a couple of N2 models just because I just was n't convinced I was going to get a good camera . In the end I gambled and bought an N1 offered by a seller at the Amazon store . It 's one of the best purchases I 've made . For serious camera users this camera may seem too easy to use . `` Advanced photographers '' will find something to complain about with this type of camera I 'm sure . But I find this to be a good camera for anyone who does n't want the headache of something complex . When I `` m at functions -LRB- such as weddings -RRB- and want to take photographs I do n't want to be bothered with anything complicated . For me this camera makes taking pictures fun . I love the simplicity of it and the 3.0 inch monitor makes viewing fun . Within 10 seconds I can have it connected to my TV to watch slideshows or video I 've recorded . Like any camera you have to be aware of things such as proper lighting/distance to get certain shots . But my non-digital camera days are over thanks to this Cybershot . The only way I 'll get rid of this camera is if it breaks and if this happens I hope to find another like it .
 I have this and i love it i have droped it so many times and it still takes grate photos i have droped it in coke and let it dry for a day and it still works i have had this for 3 or 4 years and i love it the video is so good to the best ever i am still useing the fist battery that it came with i can not say enough about this camera !
 The Sony DSC-N1 is weel worth its price and will amaze you with every shot . It packs a lot of action for a tiny compact cam -- stunning 8 MP resolution , high quality video , the biggest LCD screen on any camera , and an intuitive touch-screen menu system . I compared over a dozen models before buying this one , although it was the most expensive of the pack . I was especially amazed by the quality of low-light photos which puts other cameras to shame ! You can take pictures indoors with candlelight , by the sea at twilight time or dawn , or beautiful lit skyscrapers at night , and you 'll get every detail and color like your eyes see it . You can even edit and `` paint '' on photos while on the camera , by using the plastic pen on the touch screen ! If you 're looking for a top-of-the-line camera with all the bells and whistles then definately go for this one .
 I have been using it since last month , and I can say that I enjoy using it . It 's has many abilities , but very simplified that everbody can use perfectly .
 I love photography and I really love this camera . Takes fantastic pictures , easy to use , compact and has lot of other things you can do with it .
 The camera is a superb , light-weight wonder . The controls are logical and the large display area is amazing . I love it .
 I have the Sony 7.2 MP and just bought the 8.1 Mp . The pics are great and overall improvement from the 7.2 . I use a digital camera primarily for adventure travel and wildlife photos so this is perfect especially if you are someone like me who takes a lot of photos while kayaking or horseback riding or hiking . You can even buy a magnet attached telephoto and/or wide angle lens -LRB- thru another website -RRB- which really makes you appreciate the quality of this little camera.The only complaint is that the battery does not last long so it is vital to have a 2nd battery unless you plan to recharge it every other day . The large touch screen is a great improvement and a real advantage for vision-impaired people like me who need reading glasses for upclose vision .
 After at least 6 months of intensive research to replace my old 2MP Fuji , it came down to the Canon SD550 - until I saw the Sony DSC-N1 . I bought the Canon SD550 , which was very good and had a sleek design , but I returned it because I could not get the image of the DSC-N1 out of my mind ! It was like love at first sight , and I HAD to get it ! So my Canon and I parted and the feeling 's been great ever since I got the Sony . It 's been about 3 months now , and I am addicted to this thing ! So here 's my review : Likes : Compact3 '' LCDTouch screenPicture qualityResize - Can easily resize pics . If you 're running out of space , you change the size to VGA then later resize . A 1 GB card can take over 250 pics at max resolution 8 MP ; change to VGA and you can take over 6,000 pics.Album - The album organizes pics by date and has an index feature to easily find the pics . Also , pics deleted from the memory card will still be stored in the album , unless you go in the album and delete it too . This is the only function I love/hate - to delete you have to do it twice . The album is cool because you can always go back to your pics for viewing after you transferred to the PC and deleted from the disk . Plus , it uses minimal storage because the pics are stored as VGA.Slideshow - Very neat transitions and you can download your own slideshow music too.Camera modes - Auto mode works best in light . For low-light , Program and Soft Snap modes work great.What could be improved : Video quality is poor in low-light settings . Looks good only in bright light.Body not sleek and smooth like Canon SD550.Optical zoomPaint function -- just blah!Viewfinder would be niceOverall , need I say ? This is camera is GREAT !!!
 Went ahead and pre-ordered this camera back in September of last year , because it looked so darned good . It was supposed to be a replacement camera for my old 3MP Canon Elph -LRB- awesome camera btw -RRB- , but instead it 's been so much more . Now that I 've had it for a while I can tell you what sets it apart from most of the cameras in its price point.For one , it takes incredible movies -LRB- in fine mode -RRB- . While a lot of cameras feature movie capture , this one really is like having a full blown DV-camera in your pocket.Secondly , macro . I 'm sorry , but this feature should be standard on a lot of comparably priced cameras out there now.It also takes some of the most accurate photos colorwise . In my experience , Nikons made skintones look sorta ashen and the Canons were a little over saturated in the reds . This one is spot on across the board.It also does every other positive thing the previous 50 reviews mentioned.However , at the 5MP and 8MP settings this camera is slow in the shutter speed department . The Canon Elphs are great for taking fast , from-the-hip candid photos while this one is best suited for stationary set ups . And even in `` Monitor '' mode some of the pics come out soft if you try taking them while moving.Another thing I 've noticed is that is has trouble with backlit subjects when in Auto-Flash mode . You end up getting a lot of silohuetted subjects unless you reset to Forced-Flash . I do n't know , but my Canon never had trouble distinguishing a low lit foreground object and applying the flash accordingly.Something to think about .
 Quick , compact , light and brilliant pictures but lacking veiw finder and `` anti-shake '' system
 This camera is fantastic . I did n't know to pick it or a canon , but any camera in this class is going to be great . The picture quality is amazing , the screen is great . Drawback is that the optical zoom is only 3x . Still , great camera , excellent purchase . Very light despite other cameras being more compact . I highly recommend
 My wife wanted a small digital camera to keep in her purse , so I got her the DSCN1 for Christmas . We have taken at least 300 pictures so far and most are quite good . The camera is sturdy and well made and the screen is beautiful - it 's really fun to show people pictures on this amazing screen.We really like the slideshow feature where the camera creates a slideshow using your photos , adds some cheesy transitions and some music . Our friends and family really like this feature , and it 's great to pass around the slideshow at a party.It takes some time to get used to the touch screen , and it would have been great to have real buttons for a few of the most common features , such as turning on the flash , but overall I like the touch screen . Battery life is good , and the camera has almost no shutter lag.The camera is missing is an anti-shake mechanism , but this is not a major issue . Overall this is a great camera .
 I am in the technology field , yet never could bring myself to go digital when it comes to picture taking . I love this camera . The display and touchscreen are great . The video , which I thought I would never use , has been unbelievable . There is nothing I found that I do not like !
 I have never written a review because I 've never felt so strongly about a product as I do about this camera . My husband and I traveled around the world 2 years ago , and this is the camera we bought for the trip . Not only did it hold up EXTREMELY well through our journey , it took gorgeous photos , had a dynamite battery life , and is still going strong today ! Wan na see shots -LRB- and read stories -RRB- from our trip ? Visit -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I loved it so much that when I finally wore my other one out -LRB- it was the exact same one -RRB- after 8 years ... I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE !! Great camera . All my friends are always jealous of my pix because they are so great . The flash is nice and bright , the screen is big , its easy to use . .
 This is a great camera . Good size screen for viewing pictures taken . Battery lasts a long time and easily recharged . I already had used one and bought this because of the quality of pictures and good flash .
 This is one of the first great all touch-screen cameras to hit the market , and had an impressive 8.1 MP resolution.Navigating through and showing off pictures is a dream with the large , 3-inch touch-screen . Interestingly , all of the picture settings are handled not through buttons , switches and dials but on a menu system in the touch-screen itself , which is good or bad depending on if you like the quick control of physical buttons or the tidy simple buttonless backing that accommodates the larger screen.The picture quality and even camera and sound quality are pretty good for the most part ! I actually used this camera to shoot the number one mini golf video on the internet -LRB- for what it 's worth -RRB- ! Search YouTube for `` Coolest Mini Golf Hole Ever ! '' if you want to see an example.My only complaint is of sketchy performance in low light . The flash is n't very powerful , and it is sometimes out-of-sync with the shutter or fires too dim or two bright on my unit . I usually just turn the flash off and try to be still for low-light photos , which tends to work okay , but it can result in grainy and sometimes yellowish hues to the shots.Overall , I 'd recommend this camera ! It 's a good , compact , solid performer .
 Owned for just over a year . It simply is a Sony and there is n't much more to say . Outstanding in options , screen size , touch features , slide show , quality and basically in every way . Still a league ahead of all competition .
 It 's like new , is in excellent conditions . ca n't complaint excellent price for an excellent product !
 I love this camera . The sound can be shut off -LRB- one reviewer said you ca n't -RRB- , I 've done it and it 's fairly easy to use . Also , if the battery dies and the shutter is open , it will close on its own -LRB- one reviewer said it wo n't , mine does -RRB- .
 Sony has once again delivered another unique pocket camera . It delivers great high resolution images with good detail and saturation . When I set up the camera , in the menu system , I set the saturation and sharpness up one tick ; I also set the , what appears to be a huge 3 '' LCD touch-screen monitor up to brighter level . What a incredible difference going from 2 '' to 3 '' monitopr size . One can really share the shot captured with family and friends ... With this done , the camera produces great images from the pocket . The flash seems significantly brighter than the `` T '' series cameras . I purchased a spare battery and SONY 's high speed 1GB data card , which will hold over 250 images at the my recommended highest resolution setting . Also set the video to `` Hi Resolution Fine '' 640x480 mode . The videos are stunning , vivid , and compete with typical tape video camera performance , for the casual viewer . May be over-spoken , but , the video quality is so good comming from this little footprint , the results are shockingly positive.There are a number of sites including SONY 's site , and www.dpreview.com which describes the camera in exhaustive detail , so I will not repeat these facts here . I am an adjunct faculty member of Florida Altantic University , FAU , teaching `` Principles of Digital Photography and Post Image Processing , '' Pearson Education , 2004 . To help our students with their study of this topic I attempt to keep up with the latest releases of digital camera equipment . Go to the site address a part of www.416-1100.com site , to see images from this exciting new camera . FYI , I purchased this camera for my personal use and am delightd with its performance . I also have professional Canon digital SLRS , however I can not put them in my pocket . There are trade-offs with a pocket camera , but this little masterpiece has what it takes to capture those pictures , when carrying a SLR is not convenient . Jim Wilson , quesitons email directly to FAU@bellsouth.net for further Q&A. ;-LRB- ... -RRB-
 I was looking all around for an ultracompact camera . I was on the fence between the Canons -LRB- SD400 , 450 , 500 and 550 -RRB- , Nikon S1 and the Sony DSCT1 . While the SD500 and SD550 were top of the line -LRB- fantastic image quality -RRB- , all of them have their shortcomings . There is no such thing as a perfect point and shoot digital camera . Just before I made my purchase though , I was lucky enough to come across the Sony DSC-N1 on www.StevesDigicams.com . My first digital camera was a Sony -LRB- DSCP1 -RRB- . I did love it , but poor battery performance and expensive proprietary accessories led me to jump the Sony ship . Within the following 5 years , I acquired the Canon EOS D60 , the Canon S60 , and the Canon S410 . So let me just say , I am a Canon guy . I gave the S410 away as a gift and decided to get a new ultracompact . Enter the Sony DSCN1.The camera sports the largest LCD -LRB- 3 inches -RRB- , which at the same time is a touchscreen . There are hardly any physical buttons on the camera itself . For an ultracompact , there is an unusual amount of manual control -LRB- Aperture , Shutter Speed , White Balance , ISO speed , Color Saturation , Contrast , Flash Levels , Sharpness , etc. -RRB- . The shutter speed can be set from 30 seconds to 1/1000 of a second . Aperture ranges from f2 .8 to f16 . You can even compose your picture , and then touch the screen to select which object you want to be in focus.Like many other ultracompacts , there is no viewfinder on the N1 . All your shots are composed on the LCD . Some think this is a `` con '' , but I honestly do n't know why one would really need the viewfinder . Perhaps the bright LCD may be problematic in a dark theater where you are bootlegging the latest Sony Pictures release ... Picture quality is excellent . Focusing is very quick and COMPLETELY silent . Macro performance was impressive . The camera itself powers on quickly so it 's honestly only about 2 seconds before you get your first shot.The camera comes with 26MB of onboard storage for pictures and supports the Memory Stick Duo storage cards -LRB- Why so proprietary Senor Sony ? -RRB- . It is an ultracompact , but it is on the larger side of the ultracompacts . It will drop into your shirt pocket but there will be a noticeable bulge ... It 's about the size -LRB- slightly thicker -RRB- of a deck of cards . The N1 sports 3x optical zoom , but an oddly diminutive 2x digital zoom . You would think it would be harder to incorporate optical zoom than digital but whatever . That should not keep you from this camera . You can easily zoom in and crop after you put your photo on your computer . 8.1 megapixels affords you great license in that arena . There is only one thing that seems pretty inconvenient . It takes hours to charge the tiny little battery . It took me about 4 hours to finish my initial charge and the manual suggests that you leave it in an additional hour after the light goes off to get it to maximum charge.This is clearly an awesome camera . I saw a rating of 6.6 on Cnet.com and am still scratching my head over that one . Meanwhile their readers rated it 8.5 on average . Like I said , there is no such thing as a perfect point and shoot digital camera , but the Sony DSC-N1 packs quite a punch . I 'm going to date this review by saying I paid $ 450 for mine -LRB- I 'm going to be pissed in a year 's time when it 's going for a hundred dollars less -RRB- . It retails for $ 499 . While the price can be considered high , the value is definitely just as high . I highly recommend this amazing little gadget.Pros :8.1 MegapixelsAwesome Touchscreen ControlsGood Battery Life -LRB- well over 200 shots -RRB- Photo Album/Slideshow ReviewManual Focus TargetingISO - 64 , 100 , 200 , 400 , 800Carl Zeiss Vario-Tessar LensGood flash rangeCons : - It takes 4-5 hours to charge the battery - Bulky Ultracompact - LCD gets fingerprints - Pricy -LRB- mine was $ 450 -RRB- - 2x Digital Zoom
 N-1 . i have migrated continuously from the p5 to p10 to p100 , and p150 and lastly the p200 as they were released . this n-1 is pretty different from them , but yet familiar . they returned the on-camera trimming and movie editing , which i like -LRB- d -RRB- . they also made this new one very light , and quick . sadly , it requires yet another docking station , since both the p100/150 and the p200 do n't fit the N-1 . also missing is a charging slot on the camera , so the station is more important here . but they include a wall plugin converter for the battery . the battery is also yet another new size and shape.TOUCH SCREEN . the coolest new feature is the touch screen , which replaces all of the buttons except the zoom . the screen is large and adult fingers can navigate easily . but they give you a small plastic stylus which clips onto the leash . this operates all electronic controls except the zoom . the screen is so large that you can really review your work without downloading to a pc , and sharing with others is easier . this 3 inch screen has 9 times more real estate than the p100 , which cost the same when it was new . which also means it has 4 times more real estate than the flagship f-828 , also an 8 megapixel.PAINT , or a small version of it , is in the camera , so you can edit an image on camera , then write or scribble with lines , curves and colors . there is also a stencil function with hearts , snowflakes , etc. also with colors . and the eraser , of course . saving an edited image creates a new file , preserving the original image.BUILT IN MEMORY/ALBUM . new to sony is the built in memory which keeps a rolling 500 thumb image library for every shot , in an album . it also stores the pictures taken when the film chip is not inserted . finding my images across these two locations was confusing at first , but you can copy from/to each to the other.DUO . unfortunately , a reguler memory stick does n't fit the n-1 . the smaller duo is not included . i bought a 2 gig sandisk for $ 170 . from dell , and they come with a converter for a memory stick slot , so you do n't need to buy that for $ 10 . from sony . a 4 gig sandisk memory stick is only $ 260 . at dell , and these are both the currently largest available for their respective size .
 Having got rid of my Elph a year ago and waiting for the rightcamera to come out , I discovered the right camera with the SonyCybershot DCS-N1 . I bought the camera in November and I can rave about how greatthe LCD , touchscreen , slideshow , video are . . or I can point outwhat little things I noticed that are little gotchas with thecamera . You can guess the way I decided to go.SIZE
 To make a long story short , This camera rocks my socks . I am beyond impressed by its usability , durability , looks , and excellent picture quality . The touch screen feature is going to usher in a new wave of copycats , because it is so much easier to use than having a million buttons all over the camera . The camera contains very advanced noise reduction technology and the detail clarity and color quality of the pictures will blow you away . I actually do find myself using the album feature quite a lot because I already downloaded 4 of my favorite songs onto the camera for playback . The paint feature is n't quite as useful after the novelty wears off , but it 's still fine to have . The battery lasts through 250 + shots and with at least a 1GB Sony Memory Stick Pro Duo from Amazon -LRB- they have a pretty good price actually -RRB- you 'll have an amazing camera to enjoy for years to come .
 I have n't owned a Sony digital camera in years . Not that Sony cameras are not good ; it 's just that I always ended up getting a Canon , a Casio , a Fujifilm , a Minolta , a Kodak , or a Pentax . At the moment I use my Nikon D70 for photos that I want to keep or submit for contests , and my Fujifilm F10 for everyday snapshots . But recently I had a chance to play with a Sony DSC-N1 and I was really impressed . I think I 'll buy a Sony next time , now that I 've accumulated quite a number of Memory Stick PRO Duo cards -LRB- for my Sony PSP and Sony camcorders -RRB- . OK , everyboby knows the N1 has 8.1 MP resolution , and the price point is sweet for an ultra-slim , stylish digital camera . The 3x optical zoom is a bit disappointing ; I really wish Sony had done something outside the box and gone beyond 3x zoom . -LRB- Panasonic has a compact camera that sports a whopping 10x optical zoom coupled with optical image stabilization ! -RRB- 3x is adequate for most situations , though , so maybe it 's no big deal for most casual shooters.But more than the 8.1 MP resolution , which makes great enlarged prints , the N1 has excellent image quality . I always say that image quality is much more than resolution ; it 's more about color reproduction -LRB- is red really red and is blue really blue ? -RRB- and white balance -LRB- is white really white ? -RRB- as well as technical factors like saturation and contrast . Older Sony digital cameras tended to give crisp but dreadful looking pictures . Not the N1 . Both indoor and outdoor pictures look terrific , and as long as you have adequate lighting -LRB- or use the flash -RRB- , you 'll get pictures that you 'll be proud to share with friends . Digital noise does kick in quite a bit at ISO 400 , meaning that in dim light situations you 'll notice digital specks when you enlarge the picture . But for 4x6 '' , or even 5x7 '' , prints as well as viewing on a PC monitor or HDTV monitor , the N1 's image quality comes across as quite satisfactory . What really impressed me was the flash quality , which seemed better than most other compact digital cameras -LRB- except Canon ones -RRB- . So if you want a digital camera with excellent image quality , the N1 should be on your shopping list . Overall I still slightly prefer Canon 's image quality , but not by much , just by a little bit . It 's probably because my idea of `` perfect '' image quality matches the calibration parameters chosen by Canon 's engineers . However , I know many other people who prefer Sony 's crispier looks or Fuji 's `` scenic , natural '' looks , so you may want to compare the N1 with a Canon or something else to see which camera produces the results you personally like the most . Bottomline
 I got this camera for christmas and it was the best gift ever !! I used to have a 5.0 MP sony cybershot and I was very happy with it except when I was shooting in the night , it was frustrating that all the night pics were dark , I tried all kind of stuff to make this work but this 5.0 Mp camera worked great only in daylight , so then the DSCN1 8.1 MP digital camera came along and I was impressed in how incredibly good was it , I took it for our holiday vacation and I hoped that finally I could take pics at night , I tried it at a night parade and with fireworks and I could not believe my eyes of how great pics it took !!! after that I loved it , what can I say about daylight pictures , WOW !!! with this camera I do not worry anymore about if it is day , night , fireworks , the beach etc. . . . Let me tell a little about the features , I will start with the thing I think is the greatest idea
 Camera works great for us so far ... we had a 3 year old digital camera so this was an upgrade to better technology ... takes much better pictures than our old one ... the video is great -LRB- except in very low light -RRB- ... we 've taken a lot of short video clips of our kids for grandma -LRB- etc -RRB- ... nobody in our family wants to watch more than about 5 minutes of any one home video anyway ... so this camera saves us from having to buy a camcorder ... -LRB- although with our 1GB card we could take 45 minutes or so of continuous video at the medium setting -RRB- ... the touch screen is great and simple ... the camera has quick response time and the indoor and action pictures are again great for pictures of our kids running around or birthday parties ... I took about 92 minutes of video and 55 pictures -LRB- plus sharing images and videos with others -RRB- before the battery ran out for the first time -LRB- a couple of weeks of shooting in our family -RRB- . I guess everyone has their own needs when picking a digital camera , but this one works great for ours .
 Photos were excellent . But photo print quality depends very much on the print shop . For the same photo file , it can look like a 4M photo when taken to a below quality printer shop . Photos taken indoor with marginal lighting -LRB- no flash used -RRB- turned out to be yellowish . Battery life is very long despite its large 3 '' LCD . Battery charging time is over 3 hours - too long . Photos files viewed on computer looks just great . 8 ` x10 ' prints are great but have not tried larger prints . Touch screeen control is a delight and very easy to choose and set . Date on photo is red -LRB- would be better if it is black -RRB- . And the location of the date is not at the far right hand corner .
 This is not only a very good camera , it is also easy to use . I am not very good at learning new technology -LRB- although I do manage to do it -RRB- but this was a snap . The photos that I have taken with it are awesome , even when I just print them on plain paper in my copier . Get one , you wo n't regret it !
 This is a very good camera with many nice features ! The only con i found is that the menu is very big and it kind of hinder the pictures when trying to take a look of them !
 This is wonderful camera . Very easy to use and can carry in pocket . Though I am not a professional photographer , I can say this camera has substance and value . I took couple of pictures in bright sunlight and dark -LRB- night -RRB- . I find bit difficult to focus an object in dark as there is no optical view finder . This could be because of some other settings required . I am fully satisfied with this little camera .
 This is by far the nicest pocket sized digital I have used or owned . The screen size and touch screen give that Total WOW !! factor to anyone you show it to , myself included :-RRB- Takes GREAT pics and video , controles are easy to use and understand . Hard to believe you can fit so much quality and features in a package so small . Be sure to buy a small soft camera case `` same day '' as you will want to protect your beautiful/huge touch screen right away ! 11/06 update - Stolen on a Cruise so I bought the new DSC-N2 , SCORE !!!
 I owned 2 Kodak digital cameras and they both broke after a year or two ... Was looking into another camera and after much research decided on this camera.I love it !!!! - The pictures come out great-Love the touch screen , although sometimes get a little lost trying to get to where I want-everyone I show is really impressed with the slideshows.-I am able to keep the pictures I really want to show on the camera without taking up room on my card.-Haven ' t used the paint feature much , but can see several uses for it.Overall it is the best camera I have owned !
 I am a technology guru and this camera is simple to use and has great results . The touch screen is awesome !!! Battery life is so much better than other cameras i have owned . I think this one will outlast and perform any of them . BUY IT NOW if you want a quality camera that will make you happy !!!
 At first I was a bit worried as whether or not I choose the right camera . However as I learned the various features I have come to like it more and more . Two problems though minor they are . When taking photos it blanks out leaving you to wonder momentarily if you had the right shot . The second is taking photos in doors . The quality can be a lot better . Other than that its a camera I will recommend . The 30 '' LCD touch screen is awesome .
 I just received this camera today , and I have to say , WOW ! Its a very small 8.1 megapixel point and shoot camera that incorporates an incredibly bright 3 '' display that is also touch-sensitive , a first in this class . The touch-sensitive screen is more than a novelty though , allowing you to navigate virtually all camera functions more easily via menus , as opposed to twirling dials and manipulating crytpic buttons on any other conventional digital cam . The slideshow feature is stunning , and also allows for background music to play during the presentation . I 'm just getting started exploring this small digital marvel from Sony , but so far , no regrets on choosing the DSC-N1 .
 I spent the last 3 months researching what I should buy . I knew I wanted an ultra compact model with the best quality money could buy . It came down to Canon SD550 , Canon A620 , or Canon S80 . The day I was to buy one of them , I learned about this Sony . The more I researched the more I came to appreciate what Sony engineers had accomplished . Sure , Canon makes great digital cameras that may even edge Sony out when it comes to picture quality , but there are so many other factors to consider . I admire Sony for bringing this product to the market .
 wonderful point and shoot with huge lcd and basic memory . pretty good video as well . memory stick duos , docking station and case-expensive , but cool . really customized interconnects , as usual from sony .
 I like it very much this camera ... The photos are greats and the videos too . I love it & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ;
 I had my share of digitial cameras and received this as a gift this year -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It 's the best digitial camera I 've owned . It 's light weight works great in the dark and because it 's not big , my daughter does n't think I have a camera one me . That 's the best ! Sony did a great job with this camera .
 The seller called me to say that the item I ordered was sold out . However , he offered to sell me the next higher level Sony Cybershot camera with 25 % more picture resolution for the same price . I accepted and the camera arrived as promised in a few days . I was very pleased with the camera , the price and the service . Bob Benson
 The Sony Cyber-shot DSCN1 opens a new world of shooting and sharing , with 8.1 megapixel performance and internal memory that holds up to 500 VGA images for pocket album viewing anywhere , anytime.A huge 3.0 '' LCD Monitor with Clear Photo LCD Plus technology provides touch-screen convenience for controlling camera functions and searching thumbnail images -- and Free Spot AF lets you focus on a subject by just touching it on screen.The DSCN1 also features Slide Show with Music capability , Carl Zeiss Lens , 3X Optical Zoom , 64 MB internal memory and high-stamina Lithium Ion rechargeable battery.Specifications : CCD Type and Size
 WOW !!! This is my 4th Sony , I keep trading up and I am so impressed . There is no delay on the shutter speed , great pictures and enough special effects to be fun , but not enough that you need a PHD to operate .
 Love at first site . While looking for a less expensive camera , my daughter and I picked up the n1 and started playing with it . The 3 inch touch screen sold the deal . I 've had the camera about 5 months -RRB- . Thiscamera is fun to use and I enjoy taking it most every place I go . I 've never enjoyed a camer before . It works as advertised with no problems . Buy it . I have no regrets .
 I have owned this camera for four months and it is a great camera . When I bought it I was expecting just another camera , but instead I got a camera chock full of interesting and useful features . I love the paint feature , a place where using the stylus or my finger , can draw on pictures that I have taken . Also , once saved , a copy of the original still exists . I also love the slide show feature . With this , I can present my pictures in an interesting way with music . Also , I can load music onto the camera to be played while showing slide shows . There are four preset ways to show slide shows with music that matches the style . My favorite feature however is the touch screen . With the stylus or your finger , you can navigate using the screen . Since it is touch screen , it maximizes the size of the screen . Due to this innovation , this screen is the largest on the market ; 3 inches.Another great thing that I like about this camera is that the controls are easy to use and simple . Even my elderly parents used this camera with ease.There are also many different settings in which you can take pictures ; Auto , Manual , Program , Twilight , Twilight Portrait , Candle , Soft Snap , Landscape , Beach , Snow , and Fireworks . Another pro of this camera is that it has 8.1 megapixels ! That means that each photograph contains 8,100,000 pixels ! Also , if you do not wish to photograph such large pictures there are many different sizes , and every picture comes out clear ! I have not had one problem with this camera . It is a great buy . ALthough somewhat expensive , it is definitely worth it !
 so far this camera has beaten all my expections for staters3 '' touch screen ,8.1 Mega picels , video and stills then theres the quality of pictures that it produces i have only had it for a week but this camera has best seller writen all over it small and high quality top marks to sony !!!! 5 *
 This camera is great ! The large touch screen is great . That was the main selling point for me . The pictures come out really good and look very good on a large screen tv . I recommend this camera to everyone !
 This camera has it all , great pics , small , fast response , rechargeable battery - great camera
 abiout this camera i can say that this is great ... amazing picture clarity , i am a student and all my friends , inspite of there camera ask for mine because of the clarity.cons
 Still my favorite out of all cameras out there , the slide show , the music -LRB- u can download ur own -RRB- , pix and flix quality 100 % even in the dark . Touch screen too ... u got ta love it . Wish you good luck : -RRB-
 I am from the east coast ; last year I discovered the southwest . I have a coolpix 4600 which takes good pix but I did n't like the dials or onscreen indicators . I went searching . I read the online reviews . They are true . The wonderful 3 inch LCD screen IS difficult to see in the bright glare of the Great Basin Desert - but so what ! As a reviewer said , this camera is FREAKIN ' AWESOME !! - the answer to a prayer . It is simple , yet it offers many choices , - logical - small - beautifully made . If I never leave AUTO MODE-so what again !!! With the movie capability it is a good back up for my sony mini dvd . Did I mention the `` over the top '' slide show with choice of music and special effects ? I bought it from amazon to avoid pressure sales and for no-fuss return policy -LSB- wo n't need that ! -RSB- . Buy the extra battery , and the memory stick pro due 2G -LSB- 60 bucks ! -RSB- at the same time . That is really all you need .
 This is my first digital camera , so unfortunately I do n't have much else with which to compare it . I purchased it inHong Kong mid-November 2005 . I guess it was fairly expensive , but it seemed way ahead of anything else available at the time.The camera boasts 8.1 megapixels and produces an extremely detailed image . It also has a huge 3 inch LCD touch screen . It takes still images as well as movies.I find navigating the menu on the touch screen very easy and the large screen is an advantage when viewing the images.You will get fingerprints on the LCD , but that 's to be expected . There 's a little stylus that comes with the camera , which you can use to add special effects to images.The slideshow facility is excellent . You can vary how the slideshow looks - less effects , pictures remain on the screen longer , different music , etc - and , to me , it 's a main feature of the camera . I do n't think any movies taken will be included in the slideshows.Software interaction with my computer is okay , but I still have n't managed to download any of my own music to the camera for slideshows - only tried once , though.I wo n't go into the specs here , but images are stored on the internal memory as well as the on-board Duo Pro memory stick.I find the camera a pleasure to use and ca n't really find any fault with it at this point .
 This is my second camera , my first is Konica KD220Z -LRB- 2mp -RRB- it gave me awful pics so I was looking for a new one , I 'd seen this N1 in an online shop but never interested it because I focus on CASIO 850 and wan na buy 850 for sure , sadly everytime I went to shops 850 still not available to sell so I got back to my computer and seached some more while I was waiting my 850 and I got sample clips captured by 850 it quite awful VDO , my need is a compact digital camera which has LESS cons -LRB- can shot photo and VDO well both -RRB- , so I headed up to SONY N1 -LRB- I 'd tried it once at Sony 's local shop -RRB- , the truth about my foolishness is I was about to return it since I 'd seen T30 's advertisement , I used to think N1 was an entertained piece but I went wrong ! It can do anything as great camera -LRB- I 've compared pictures from N1 and T30 and others -RRB- , Sony has just focus and advertised you on its Slide & paint ; function more than its real abilities , N1 gives me great pictures !! , -LRB- In my opinion -RRB- if you wan na buy Sony , do not fool yourself buying fashion T-cam , buy N1 and you 'll love it . I 've compared EVERYTHING ! Pros-3 '' touch screen , give you quickly responses ! - Sharp & clear pictures-Slides & paint ; function -LRB- but these 're not important to me -RRB- - Many functions to let you fit it for your photo stylesCons-N1 is the most expensive camera in its class !!! -LRB- this time -RRB- - Not suitable for taking pic in low light -LRB- The same problem for non-SLR camera I think -RRB- - Bigger than any compact camera-Because of it 's touch screen type , it is filmsy you need to buy LCD protecter film to protect your LCD !
 My first digital camera was a Sony Mavica , remember that one ? You had to use a floppy disc to store the pictures ? Not a bad camera for it 's time but THIS camera -LRB- Cybershot DSCN1 -RRB- is nothing short of amazing!I ca n't believe how clear the picture is , nor can I believe the ease of use ! I find myself taking pictures of all kinds of stupid stuff just so that I can use it ! I have n't tried all of the different programs on it but I 'm curious about the `` fireworks '' feature and wondering if it works on Christmas tree lights.We love to go looking at Christmas lights and I wonder if I can capture some of them this year . If you are thinking of getting a camera then I highly recommend this one ! The only `` problem '' I had was trying to find this camera in stores . I went to Best Buy , Circuit City , Ritz Camera , and Sam 's Club and no one had it.They all told me that it was too new and to wait a little while ... NOT ! If a camera is new then that is all the more reason to get it out . Anyway , I ended up ordering it from faitful ole Amazon and got it here in two days ... right before Thanksgiving ! : - -RRB- A bit expensive but worth every penny and I have yet to try everything on the camera yet . Have a Merry Christmas yall !
 My first digital camera was a Sony P9 about five years ago . Then I had a P150 and now the N1.I can say that the picture quality was improoved , specially in therms of noise reduction . Another thing that I think it 's better now is the flashlight . Indoor pictures was n't so good with my other cameras , but with the N1 I can get great indoor pictures ! No more complains!This camera is very light and thin . You can put in your pocket.The 3 '' touch screen is amazing too and I do n't want to exchange it with any other feature of any other digital camera on the market.You can also watch your pics as a slideshow with different effects and music . It 's very cool to show the pictures on the camera without getting people bored . They just love it!I did like all my other Sony cameras , but i can say that with the N1 I had a different feeling ... I just do n't want to change it even a bit ... Just buy it ! You are going to love it as I do .
 I have been using my Sony Cybershot DSCN1 8.1 MP for about a month now . It 's so easy to use . And , I love how you can easily delete picture via the touch screen . The only issue I have with it , is that I ca n't use the Memory Pro Stick with my Sony photo printer -LRB- a 5 year old model -RRB- , because the stick is not compatible.ps
 We really love our Sony Cybershot . It was purchased for the purpose of taking lots of family shots at family outings . The reasons we purchased the sony were
 I am not the most experienced photographer , but this camera takes terrific pictures , in my opinion . Nice big LCD screen and the touch screen is a great feature .
 This one does it all , vivid resolution with long battery life . Fully auto or fully manual , Many picture taking options to adjust focus , lighting , flash levels , aperture width , shutter speeds of 1/2000 , even simulated film speed . A beautiful piece of machanics stylish brushed aluminum , with a bright , hi resulution rear touchscreen LCD . Internal memory can store about 150 picture at 3mp . I 'm very pleased , just amazed every time I view my photos . THANKYOU SONY . I LIKE IT . I LIKE IT ALOT .
 This is such a feature-ladened high quality Dolby Digital Receiver that is blows the others away ! My last receiver was a Denon , but I will tell you that this is heads and tales above the Denon . This Yamaha receiver is able to accurately reproduce the Dolby 5.1 format in all of its glory fully enabling the expressive power of Dolby Digital !
 Replaced a Denon 3200 with the Yamaha , and immediately noticed a substantial difference in bass output and channel seperation . It also blows the Denon away with DTS and DD listening options . I have an Onkyo , 2 Denon 's , and the Yamaha -LRB- OK , I 'm a Home Theater Junkie ! -RRB- , and the Yamaha is now my favorite , and it was n't the most expensive ! My wife says that music sounds much better with the Yamaha than with the Denon it replaced . Definitely a 5-star receiver .
 This receiver is packed with quality sound and real punch ! You will listen to incredible realism in the 5.1 channel configuration . Couple this bad boy with a DVD some Klipch Speakers , a good TV , Top Gun and your `` good to go '' Mav ! A great buy !
 FOR YEARS I HAVE HAD MY EYE ON YAMAHA RECIEVERS , WHY BECAUSE IN THE 70 , S , I WAS INFORMED THAT YAMAHA ENGINEERS ACTUALLY WENT TO SEVERAL LOCATIONS , AND TOOK SOUND READINGS FROM CONCERT HALLS , JAZZ CLUBS , CHURCHES , DISCO CLUBS , ETC , AND THEN TRANSFERED THIS INFO ONTO COMPUTER CHIPS , AND INSTALLED IT IN THEIR RECIEVERS . JUST RECENTLY I PURCHASED THE RX-V995 , I AM USING IT WITH 2-MAIN JBL , S , POLK AUDIO CENTER AND REAR SURROUNDS RT-35 , AND VELODYNE SUBWOOFER 12 '' . AND MAN LET ME TELL YOU THAT SOUND IS SO REAL , SO CLEAN AND NATURAL IT PUTS YOU RIGHT THERE . IT HAS SEVERAL MOVIE CHANNEL SETTINGS , EVEN ONE FOR OLD CLASSICS , AND THE SURROUND SOUND , HEY ITS AWSOME.AT THIS TIME I AM STILL REVIEWING THE 60 SOME PAGE MANUAL THAT CAME WITH IT , THERE ARE MANY FEATURES THAT I HAVE N'T EVEN LEARNED TO USE YET , BUT THE UNIT IS SO FLEXIBLE YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OTHER REMOTE CONTROLS INTO IT , AND USE JUST THE ONE . YOU CAN ALSO ADJUST YOUR SPEAKER LEVELS TO ACCOMODATE YOUR PLAY BACK MODE , YOUR IN FOR A REAL TREAT WHEN YOU PUT ON A CLASSICAL CD AND USE THE CONCERT HALL SETTING . THERE ARE MANY AUDIO RECEIVERS ON THE MARKET , BUT IF YOU WANT THAT NATURAL CLEAR SOUND THEN I ADVISE YOU TO CONSIDER ONE OF THE YAMAHA NATURAL SOUND RECEIVERS , YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED , YOUR SOUND WILL BE AS REFRESHING AS GLASS OF COOL SRING WATER ON A HOT , MUGGY , SWEATY DAY .
 I bought a Yahmha RX-V995 surround receiver 10 years ago , paid $ 1,000 . i love it and the sound can feel the lower decibels . this receiver made minimize error sound . this is a receiver for whom love sound .
 I ordered these to cover some fans I mounted in my home theater cabinet . They do the job as expected and keep wires out of the fans . Best price I could find .
 really like this product . I would recommend this product if you are looking for this type of item for your computer needs .
 I got this grill because I have a Corsair H50 water cooler in my case . Unfortunately , my case is too small , and I actually had to make a few modifications to the case to mount the fan on the outside . This meant that there was an exposed fan that could easily slice through a finger.The grill is well constructed , and it 's cheap . There 's not much more to say about it .
 After getting these IM-390 earphones , I tried them against my buddy 's higher price range Etymotic ER6i and similar priced Sony MDR EX71 earphones just to make sure I made the right choice . I 'm pretty happy with my choice . Compared to the Sonys , the IM-390s are much cleaner with fuller base . Against the Etymontics , the sound comes out about equal . The Etymotics had slightly nicer base , but I still found the IM-390s sound cleaner . The Etymotics also have multi-prong foam eartips the kinda felt like they were invading your brain thru your eardrums . The IM-390s are comfortable over several hours of wearage .
 The headphones rock because
 A friend had bought them , so I liked what I saw and heard and needless to say got a pair a week later.They are nice , because the headphones act as earplugs , thus eliminating interfering outside noise . I use them with 30G iPod and I have to say that even with the EQ options that the iPod provides , I can not get decent high frequencies . They are sort of muffled . The lows are killer , however ! If I set the EQ to `` Treble Booster '' , then there 's too much highs and not enough bottom end.Bottom line
 The 2.5 adapter does not work for phones -LRB- LG enV -RRB- which I did n't realize when I bought it . I had to go to Radio Shack and get a 2.5 mobile phone adapter -LRB- looks similar but has 4 connections - gnd , stereo , mic -RRB- to the tune of $ 10 . I 'd have thought the mfg would have taken that into consideration . On the other hand these are very good headphones . My only concern is that they are too efficient . I have to set the phone MP3 volume to the minimum -LRB- & I 've got old ears ! -RRB- I ca n't imagine a young person cranking these up ; it will ruin their hearing .
 not sure where or when I purchased these but found them in a drawer ... . good quality.I will purchase the same brand for a replacement of these .
 The Maximo iM-390 is the best In-ear Earphones I have ever bought -LRB- as a matter of fact I 've bought two pair -RRB- . The sound quality is excellent . The sound quality is fuller and richer and `` light years '' better than some of the earphones that comes along with the mp3 player that you may purchase . The noise cancellation is great , it nearly drowns out all other noise!The reason I bought 2 pair was because I `` broke '' my first pair . But I just could not listen to music with my standard pair I got with my mp3 player . I contacted the manufacture and the sent out a new pair immediately . The manufacturer was easy to work with and seemed eager to send me a new pair.I typically use my ear phones for the gym and for commutes on public transportation . In my opinion , you ca n't go wrong with this product . At the time of this review , Ive even decided to upgrade to the iM-490 's and I am excited to compare them to the iM-390 's .
 I am quite picky when it comes to sound . I ca n't stand the standard Apple headphones . I used to prefer only the Sony Fontopia headphones that were priced about the same as these . These headphones ended up being much better sounding than anything else I have ever owned and they have lasted a long time . Built rock solid , my kids have played with them and they have n't broken or shorted out . Great product for the price ! I will buy Maximo in the future .
 With many Earphones it is the sound that matters . This one ring thru very well . I prefer an in the ear soft piece . Then one the hang just inside your ear and never stays in are a total waste and never fit . I had to go to Radio Stack to get caps with rubber ear piece to be able to use those . The only problem with these type of ear plugs from Maximo is that the wire would break loose inside the earphone , if you keep yanking on the wire when taking them off . Every kids does this as cool . My daughter gone thru fours sets of plugs because of this . You think a company would not considered that . Kids are rough on wires . But they worth the money . Treat it with care and take them off at the ear . It give your years of good use .
 I received this item in less than a week from ordering . So far , very pleased with the headphones and their service !!!
 I had these headphones a while back ... the bass is really worth the buy if you do n't want a wrap-around headphone ... , good product . The earplugs are size changable . . -LRB- the bass does kick -RRB- ... which is pretty sweet ... I think I used my headphones too much & probably did n't take the best care of them which is why eventually one of the earplugs came apart . I 'd get it again if I had the money -LRB- just got an itouch -RRB- cheers .
 I am satisfied with this product . The quality of the sound is clear and it does not fall out when I use them to run . Thank You .
 Let me state for the record that I have small ears . I tried other in-ear headphones like theSony MDR-W08Land had a hard time keeping them in my ears . So I was pleasantly surprised that the Maximo iM-390 earphones came with three different sizes of rubber tips , the smallest of which fit my ears pretty well.However , I 'm not too fond of the rubber tips . They keep some of the outside noise out , but they have kind of a squishy feel when putting them in . I 've had some headphones that barely felt like they were there , but I can definitely feel these . It 's not painful , but you can tell they 're there.The sound is really good for the rock and jazz I listen to . Maybe not as good as some other high-end models on the market , but for iPod use these seem more than sufficient . They do a pretty good job delivering the volume through too . I also think they look great , although your taste may differ.The package comes with a carrying case and some jack adapters , in addition to the aforementioned rubber tips . I have had no use for the case or adapters so far but they make for a nice touch nonetheless.In short , if you 're looking for a good pair of mid-priced earphones , the Maximo iM-390 is a good candidate .
 I use my iPod primarily to listen to audiobooks . These earbuds are far superior to the ones I was using which would n't stay in my ears well when I was walking .
 I am pleased with the overall quality of these earphones and the sound is quite good , especially for this price range . I was disappointed , however , that even the smallest ear cones were too large to comfortably fit my ears . I would recommend these earphones only to those who are certain that they will be comfortable with in-the-ear type earphones . If so , this is a great buy .
 I do n't like the earbuds came with my iPod - they are so easy to fall off ! I 'm not very good at telling difference in the frequency etc. . I can tell for the sound quality Maximo is no less than Apple 's at least . It may be hard for me to say which one is more stylish ... it depends . I feel sorry that I lost my original iPod earbuds from Apple but very happy to have something better with a low price - at least they do n't fall off my ears !
 Just want to say that I 'm in no way an audiophile . Here 's my take on this.Build Quality 4/10This canal-phone looks better in person than the picture presented . But the wire is literally that thin . Most earphones I 've before that are made like this will last about a month assuming you took good care of trying not to snag it . I walked around town looking like a geek with duct-tapes trying to salvage my last earphone , an ep630 . This one wo n't be much better . There 's also microphonics from the wires when moving your head side-to-side . This is normal interference though considering sound travels through any medium that can transfer it.Sound Quality 8/10I have no good reference earphone to compare so i can not give this earphone a 9 . My Labtec headphone sounds broken in comparison . I can hear theatre-like quality sound from movie trailers like Spider-man from you-tube . com . I especially like the lows and mids . Booms and voices do not sound overly pretentious or harsh . However because of the strong presence of the bass and voice , the highs were non-existent . I have mixed feelings about the sound quality so i will create a separate category , clarity/detail . Clarity 5/10I made this category separate from sound quality because it is important part of good earphones . If you ca n't hear all that jazz then it is n't very fun earphone . Although the mids and lows were good and maybe better than most earphones I 've heard from , they did sound underwhelming . Maybe certain sound spectrum is too colored and others are lacking . My ears started ringing from all that bass and i just could n't enjoy the music anymore . Thus , the sound from this earphone is fatiguing to my ear . The strong mid and low spectrum is what causes the detail to be non-existent . Highs such as ringing bells , high hats from drums , and plucks of the guitars were vaguely present if not almost non-existent . Sound Stage 6/10Again i have no good reference except a full-sized headphone . This earphone is lots better compared to it . Watch a movie-trail and say that this is n't almost like sitting at the cinemas . Also watch Michael Phelp 's gold medal wins and you can feel as though you are sitting in front of the t.v. I consider this category separate because I 'm impressed by this canal-phone 's sound stage . Imagine being in a room and hearing all the noises from one spot . That would get tiring very quickly . Definitely not 3D sound so dont expect to play FPS gaming and owning anyone with these . This will only help you discern left and right.Sound Isolation 7/10It 's a canalphone so i get what i paid for . Will not block out noise but it is about 75 pct efficient and will at least keep sounds in unless you turn it up at high volume . Fortunately i 'm keep the sound at lowest setting on my mp3 player , 8/20 , and i can not be more satisfied.Bottom Line 6/10 : Cheap build quality but good sound quality if you 're a bass-head . If this thing breaks I 'll just buy another . I was looking for replacement for my ep630 from creative . This is comparable to the ep630 . I have yet to burn it in so I can not say with certainty that one is better or worst . The bass on the ep630 was bloated and thin and i knew that when i bought it . At least , the bass on this is one step above the ep630 . My sony ed21-LP beat the snot out of the ep630 and this earphone in the bass range . This earphone has one advantage that most ` earbuds ' and ` headphones ' do n't ; that is they have sound isolation . After trying this earphone for a week , i 'll use these to watch movies . I know i will lots of details but they do n't make movies for their sound but for their pictures and i like the bass ` quantity ' if not quality sounds coming from these earphones .
 This product works exactly as stated and it is the perfect price . For the price , I would give it 5 stars . But since it is a review of the product , I only gave it four stars.Pros ... # 1 Cheap # 2 Has most common connectors # 3 Voltage divisions by 1.5 vCons ... # 1 Weight . Copper is heavy , but it is not something you would want to carry around in your backpack . # 2 Egg Design . It sticks up too high so it blocks the outlet above it .
 I record all phone calls coming into or going out of my law office with an Olympus DS 30 , which must be left on 24/7 so no calls are missed . I bought one of these Jwin power adapters because I wanted to save on battery costs . I have had it installed for several days now , plugged into a 110V wall outlet and set to deliver 3V DC power to the recorder . The unit works great and I am buying some extras for spares . This unit works on 110V or 220V power lines and comes will all sorts of end plugs to fit whatever appliance you need the DC power for . I am very happy with the purchase and I like the way the transformer head stays cool -LRB- many others I have had get warm or even hot when left plugged in all the time and that always concerns me -RRB- . The only caution I would give is that when you first set up this unit to your appliance , make sure you get the polarity right -LRB- you can change the polarity by rotating the tip on the end that plugs into your appliance -RRB- . I was paying $ 12 for similar units off Ebay so the Amazon price -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- was a welcome relief for me . Great deal !
 I bought ten of these in one whop . I 've used most of them for various things . One of the most useful was wiring it to my thermostat , eliminating batteries for that . That thermostat was going thru batteries like crazy . No longer . This adapter , or power supply , is for low current applications , but I have found them quite handy for tinkering with projects as I am a retired electronics tech . I also used it to hard wire my smoke detector as well and set the voltage to 9 volts . Whenever the batteries got low on the smoke detector it would chirp at odd hours , like 2 am . Anyway , I 'm also using it to power a slew of LED lights , just over 200 to be exact . These are to provide lighting in my backyard continuously at night and they turn off via a photo switch -LRB- see review -RRB- .
 By fiddling with the adapter pieces and the internal switches , I was able to get my alarm clock to work ! Now , the only problem is that the numbers are a bit brighter - which is not ideal for lights that are on when I 'm sleeping . Oh well . Functionally , it worked . I 'm not sure if it was just my alarm that did n't specify , but it was king of tricky to find the right match with all the great settings the adapter had on it . I suppose it 's worth what I paid for it . Now , once again , I get to wake up to the calming sounds of a rain forest , crashing waves or NPR :--RRB- .
 Yes they do !!!! In recent years , I have started using these motherboard standoffs as they appear to work better thn the metal ones which tend to `` wring '' out . Plus , being plastic , there is very little chance of scratching the motherboard.They are very sturdy & hold the motherboard firmly in place.Go ahead , make your day . Get yourself a set .
 WorldNav -LRB- version 4 , Premium model -RRB- device is well constructed . It has a SIRF III chip set that makes my GPS lock in very fast . The screen is very clear and I could see it even during the direct sunlight . I took it on a 200 mile trip around the northeast.Voice instructions clearly pronounce the name of the street to turn onto , with just the right amount of time to make the turn . Routing is just about perfect . In some cases I found that the route that I know is a bit faster but I think that is because the map provider is not fully aware of the traffic pattern in my area.This GPS has the most complete offering of Points of Interest -LRB- POI -RRB- I have ever seen , it includes lots of chain businesses like Target , Walmart , and Home Depot , as well as small businesses like bike shops , party stores , and doctors , in addition to the usual types of POIs like restaurants , hotels , and gas stations . A cool feature I really enjoy is its ability to find and navigate to a business by typing in a phone number.It 's a great value , I 'm recommending it to my friends
 This is one of the easiest to use GPS I have seen . I love different languages and complete yellow pages . I purchased that unit just couple of month ago . The clarity of the screen is superb even in the regualar daylight . I can even play my movies that I download on my sd card.Sound could be louder but I put a jack from the unit into my tape player and now can enjoy full sound of stereo.Routing so far been just on the money .
 I have had the Worldnav 3100 premium edition about two weeks with no problems . Lots of features for the price . I 'm sure many of the problems I read about in reviews were corrected with upgrades . The only negative I can see is the cost of a external antenna which can not be purchased anywhere else .
 GPS has very nice text to speechVery bright screenClear instructionsMost complete -LRB- 12 million pois -RRB- points of interest databaseExcellent Routing
 I guess there 's not much you can say about a lens hood , but luckily I had mine on my lens when it fell out of my camera bag . The lens hood broke but the lens is fine , so I 'm ordering a replacement today .
 This wire is very nice and thick . The sound quality is great as you would expect . I am using it to run wire around my living room to place rear surround speakers on the left and right side of the couch - about a 45 foot run . For some reason I was n't expecting the wire and its shielding to be as thick as it was . It still hides relatively well along the edge of the wall and carpet in my apartment , but much of that is hidden by furniture .
 The wires have done a good job - wish I could say I hear differences , but I do n't have time to run A-B tests . Having a reel allowed me to custom cut the lengths to what I needed , avoiding having to loop them . Just make sure you get good plugs that will take these 14 gauge wires .
 In creating good sound for speakers it is important to do a lot of little things well . For example , use a least medium quality RCA jacks , use a surge suppressor with an RF filter to keep noise out of your amplifier , keep speaker wires away from AC wires and use at least medium quality speaker wire . The number of strands in speaker wire is important because the majority of electrons run on the outer edge of each strand of wires . The reason you want 99.99 pure copper wire is becuase it is not made from recycled copper pipes or electrical wires for houses . Pure copper conducts the frequency response of music better than a lower quality wire that may have lots of impurities . Oxygen free means it is made from probably virgin copper and is better quality wire . Bottom line is that it does not cost a lot to use decent speaker wire and it will sound a little bit better . This is good wire and it does not cost a lot . You do n't need overpriced `` the big company '' wire but you should not use garbage either .
 Just wiring up our home theatre system which we recently moved . I wanted a high end wire and Best Buy , Home Depot and Lowes all charge a bundle for this grade of wire -LRB- if they stock it at all -RRB- and in fact they charge about the same for a smaller gauge -LRB- 16 + -RRB- of wire they do stock . Amazon offered it for much less . The wire has a heavy and yet , very flexible exterior casing making it very durable and easy to route where you need it . The wire itself is fine twisted copper wire and holds up to stripping the shielding off extremely well . I 've had speaker wire that was `` delicate '' and it always seemed I 'd loose a lot of the individual copper strands when stripping wire using a - properly adjusted - wire stripper for the gauge of wire I was using . I 'm delighted with this product and in fact , ran out today and need another spool . Highly recommended as a best buy and excellent quality wire for those who do n't want to skimp nor compromise their audio setup .
 I needed some longer runs for my Studiophile LX4s , so I figured I 'd get some of the same gauge wire that they came with - even tho I think 16g probably would 've worked just fine . I also could have got by w / fewer feet - even after my cuts , I 've got enough of it left over that my wire needs are met for rest of the decade - at least . But the price is pretty good for what you get . I 'm not a true audiophile , but this wire seems to work just dandy and I like the clear-jacketed , color-coded wire format . -LRB- I guess you have to take the Amazon description 's word for it about the 99.99 % oxygen-free stuff - there 's no label on the spool . Not sure if I 'd know the difference anyway . -RRB-
 This speaker wire is built well and has deliverd crisp , clear sound from my new speakers . Great price , very happy with this purchase .
 I am very impressed with the quality of this cable . Genuine copper , not that plated aluminum that is most commonly found . The insulation lining is tough but very flexible . Would definitely buy again .
 This 14 gauge speaker wire is of excellant quality , with thick insulation . Works well and is not to stiff to run through your walls with difficulty . Very happy with my purchase and have used over 200 feet of this wire with no problems at all . Its not cheap but sometimes you do get what you pay for . I do n't think you will be disappointed with this wire .
 Prompt shipment . I used this wire to connect 5.1 speaker system . Quality of wire is quite good . Flexible , strong copper strands and good insulation jacket . I also tried the so called `` THX certified '' wire from Monster cable . This easily beats it hands down . I will buy this again . Only thing I do n't like is , it is made in China .
 Perfect for wiring in my home theater system . I bought 2 rolls and used a bit extra for the rear and side channels and everything worked great with this wire . My end plugs could have accepted one size larger if I had it to do over again but I doubt it would make any difference in the sound quality - so this was probably the best option for the money .
 -LRB- Originally intended title was `` It makes the iPod look like a complete waste of $ $ $ ... harsh but true '' -RRB- I have been using my Ipaq hx2795b for a couple of months now , and at first it did have frequent freeze-ups and battery draining issues , especially when using the SD card . But once I updated the BIOS -LRB- ROM -RRB- to the latest version -LRB- you can find it at hp 's website -RRB- , everything works smoothly ever since . Also remember to use the latest version of ActiveSync -LRB- 4.2 so far -RRB- , and not the one that comes with the installation CD , and try to use the sync with MS Office Outlook 2003 instead of Office 2002 on your PC/laptop . For the above inconveniences , I 'm taking one star off the rating . I believe that 's about it , and you 're all set to start installing tons of software on your Ipaq.I use it literally for EVERYTHING -LRB- well , phone and camera excluded -RRB- - that is , agenda , customer database , ebooks , reference books , review powerpoint presentations , wi-fi , email , msn messenger , bluetooth , watch videos -LRB- you can watch entire DVD movies on it , after encoding of course -RRB- , music -LRB- in my opinion it sounds even better than the iPod , was it the earphones ? -RRB- , games , anyway , you name it . I find the Windows Mobile 5 OS quite stable , and the interface feels pretty much the same as using the ordinary desktop Windows . The speed is impressive too . Battery life is good and it charges fast . The display is bright and clear , though I would have preferred a slightly larger screen . The fingerprint reader device is cool . I personally do n't use it though , because it delays the otherwise instant power-on of the handheld , but it stands as a great security feature for sure.Some recommended accessories to enhance your Ipaq are
 At first I was having many problems - would n't sync , loss of or would n't connect to a WIFI signal , and the battery seemed to get rundown VERY fast . I found myself having to do soft resets on the device almost daily . I tried to use HP 's website to update the BIOS , but after 3 days of trying the ones listed , which gave me `` wrong model '' errors , I called HP and discovered the right one for the hx2795b was not listed out there ! So they gave me the exact ftp link to the update
 I 've owned this pocket pc for a week now with very little problems . I do n't know anything about an upgrade but so far I have n't had any major problems with it . When I left it in the car and then came home it would n't turn on . I noticed it was very warm but as soon as I did a soft reset the device turned on . The soft reset does n't make you lose all your data . I just had to reset the date . I 've had to do this a couple of times so far.I did purchase a 2 gig sd card and have lots of room . I recommend that you shop around for the 2 gig memory card however because I bought mine from amazon and then I found it cheaper at best buy.I am really happy with this product . I love the way it looks . It 's easy to figure out and I 'm not really savvy with electronic gadgets . I did sign up for hotmail so I could use the msn features . It was easy to sync my music to the device and the download is done automatically with the sync . The music sounds great with a great pair of headphones . I use the calendar which helps to remind of events and appointments . Also use the task button which reminds of stuff that needs to be done . Great for the highly stressed out who tend to forget things . There is also a feature to write a note in your own handwriting and then the device turns it into typewritten words . Really neat!I use the recording device to record my class lecture and it 's a little hard to hear but there is a lot of noise in the classroom and I sit in the back and the teacher is up at the front . But the important thing is that I could understand what was being said so i could transcribe it . As a nursing student I was able to purchase and download nursing programs from a website with no problems and they run great.I just ca n't believe all the features that come with this pocket pc . I have no regrets making this purchase . I look forward to reading more reviews on this product and learning everything it can do . So far it 's been fun .
 I enjoy my new iPAQ very much . I have been a Palm user since PDA 's first hit the market but wanted to try something new , using the Windows CE format . Being that the iPAQ usses the Windows format similar to my laptop and desktop computers , it was very easy to use from the get go . It is much easier to access your POP e-mail account and very easy to set-up . I had numerous problems attempting to do this with my Palm and still am unable to access my e-mail account . The icons are very similar to Windows and allow for easy accessing to programs . I like having access to my MS Office programs and the ability to edit.On the downside , I do enjoy the grafity feature that Palm uses with their PDA 's . You have to tap the keyboard to enter all data on the iPAQ . Another downer is the battery life . It drains pretty quickly , especially if you are browsing the web or checking your e-mail . I wish that their were more themes so you can change the look of your iPAQ . The internal memory is rather small and you will need to purchase a memory card if you plan to store pictures , video , music or other larger programs . I found that you will need at least a 2gig card at minimum.Otherwise , it is a great product , fun to use and adds a new dimension for me in handheld computing .
 Was having a lot of hangs and soft resets and using the IPAQ was becomming very frustrating . I updated the ROM , as suggested by HP Tech . Support and now it is working fine .
 An outstanding platform for Windows mobile operating system . Flawless syncing with home/office desktop . Clear , high resolution screen is a joy compared to my previous Palm based PDA 's . Wireless functioning is reliable and seamless . Ergonomics are excellent . Good to above average batery life with power saver options . Would highly recommend this product .
 I 've been using this Pocket PC for about 2 months . I initially had a lot of trouble with lockups and was ready to return it for a refund after the first week . After 4 hard reboots in one day I decided to turn off all security , including the finger print recognition , and that seems to have resolved most of the lockup problems . Now it locks up less then once a week and a soft reboot clears it , I can live with that . A few times when the unit was powered off the battery run down overnight . Hardware wise , the product is well made as I would expect from HP . The software needs improvement . The programs I have installed all work well and it satisfies all my intended purposes . Overall I am pleased with it and expect to continue using it for a long time .
 Overall I like the 2795 . Pros
 This is my first PDA and it was a good purchase . It was easy to set up with my wireless network . I depend on it now instead of my paper planner I use to use . Synching with Outlook works great . I added a 2g SD card and have quite a bit of extra memory for MP3 's and Bible PC program . Very fast performance checking email and on-line . Only complaint is that it does n't work with itunes . I have to rerip some CD 's to be compatible with Windows Media Player . Other than that , very good purchase .
 the only reason I give it a 4 star is that it sometimes goes to sleep and I ca n't wake it up easily . It may be user error but I do n't think so . Requires me to change power source to wake it up . Love the email connections and file transfer , keeps my work schedule with me .
 HP has alway had good products and this iPAQ is no exception . It does everything expected of it . Well worth the price .
 I 've been happy with this unit . No problems . After reading all these reviews I ca n't figure out how everbody does additional uses with this HHPC . I know nothing about loading DVD , music , photos etc. . It would be great to have all this in 1 HPC.I bought all options from HP . I 'll never do that again . Their prices are twice as high . It was convienent . This has been the best HPC I 've ever owned and I will not upgrade for a while .
 This PDA is very cool . It syncs well with my Microsoft Outlook and my VPN . It holds all the software that I need so far . I am having fun with it .
 I 've had the iPAQ for about 2 months and I am very happy with it . For me it was a replacement for a paper Filofax . I 've found the sync feature with Outlook very helpful , but not without a few glitches -- mainly duplicated contacts and appointments . Also , there is a good deal of software for the iPAQ available free or cheap online . So far I have n't gotten the bluetooth `` beaming '' feature to work properly . Battery life is good .
 I really like the product , its way smaller that I thought , 2 reason i had to send it back , 1 . dead pixel , 2 . had to reset 3 times in one hour . i dont know wat the heck is wrong with it . it doesnt support kingstore secure digital card , -LRB- 4gb -RRB- , otherwise the lcd is cristal clear , has wifi internet which is preety amazing , fast , i didnt get to see everything yet cuz i shiped it back the same day i got it , hope the one i am getting now comes with no diffects .
 The HP iPAQ hx2795 Pocket PC works well for me . I use it mostly for carrying around my calendar on Outlook and synchronizing it with my computer and my secretary 's computer . The calculator is useful . When I am at a wireless hot spot , I can check on the stock market .
 I have used an IPAQ for years and certainly this one works more efficiently and faster that the former . My only disappointment is that it is not running Windows Moble Six . It uses five which lacks some of the features . Still , it is a good product .
 I 've had this for a few weeks now after i 've been fed up with Palm 's crappy PDA 's , and I 've never had any problems with it freezing or anything like that , even while running WMP , IE and AIM at once . The battery life on it is very high , even when watching videos , and it 's easy to carry around . Stay away from Palm products and buy this
 I have been using palm programs for years , but they are limited to mostly personal use . I 'm self employed and need to improve my way of doing business i.e. inventory control , customer listings and pricing . Then I need to combine the 3 , which is where Palm becomes limited . I purchased the 2795 with the intent of combing all of the above through a program using quickbooks.My Wife gave me a Sprint Mogul for my wedding anniversary which uses Windows Mobile 6 and active sync 4.5 . It has basically taken over synching with my computer disabling the 2795 using active sync 4.1 . I know this is supposed to be a review of the 2795 which is an easy to learn and use Pocket PC . But I have a problem because I 'd like to use the 2795 as my primary tool in my business but , so far I havent found an upgrade for it . Can you help me ?
 I purchased this PDA a few weeks ago & I just love it . It 's very easy to use . I do n't know what I would do without it . The old PDA I had just was n't as easy to use as this one is . Thanks .
 I 've had this device since April 2007 . Twenty months later it is still going strong . I let it sit for several months without powering it up and was sure that the battery would be completely dead , but nope . It charged up to full power and has held the charge just as well as when it was new . I use it to keep track of my classes , check my email on the run , and various other tasks . It is a lot more convenient than trying to pull out my laptop to do that stuff . Recently I got into geocaching and I am also using it for that . I have a program called diet organizer that lets me track my weight and calories , as well.I use this little device a lot more than I thought I would , and it has held up very well . I 've dropped it a few times -LRB- mostly onto carpet -RRB- without causing any damage.This is my second PDA and it is far superior to my old one . When the time comes to replace it I will definitely be looking at other HP models .
 I love high tech gadgets , that 's why I wanted to buy a HP iPAQ hx2795 Pocket PC -LRB- FA676B #ABA -RRB- , last month I finally did . now I am in love with this little wonder , it has become part of me , I carry it every where I go I use it as MP3 player , Skype phone , I play games , write letters , fill up my time sheet for my job , watch videos , check my email , brows the Internet , transfer information to my computer and more.I have no negative thing to say about this product I wish I could have bought it before.if you are thinking about buying a iPAQ do it you wo n't regret it .
 I purchased and received my iPAQ hx2795 pocket PC nearly two weeks ago and have been happy with it so far . My Palm Treo , although it served me well for several years , died on me and I was looking to upgrade to a device that did n't include a cell phone . I 've had none of the problems that many other reviewers have experienced except for the device coming on by itself after I shut it off . This only happened a few times after the HP ProtectTools loaded . I have Windows XP at work and VISTA at home and the device syncs well to my work PC and the Wi-Fi -LRB- once I figured out how to connect -RRB- works well through my home network . I 'm still learning and playing around with my iPAQ , but am happy I made the purchase so I heartily recommend it for those who want to stay organized and be mobile .
 So far this thing has been worthwile getting . I use it for epocrates online as well as to log patient encounters and for random notes when I do n't have paper handy . I 'm hoping to get more software for it in the future , since I can get network access from the hospital wi-fi nicely , but right now money is an issue.about the only thing I do n't like is that it 's difficult and slow to surf the web with this thing . I do n't know if this is how all PDAs are , but it 's considerably slower than any computer.I 've had a couple of freezes here and there , but I 've always just pressed the reset button and everything came back the way it was . The only other issue is that it keeps changing the time on me . It may be that I have n't found a patch for it to adjust to the new daylight savings time , because the problems was temprary both a couple of weeks ago and in the fall .
 !!!!!! ONE BIG WARNING !!!!!! DONT BOTHER TO GET ONE IF YOU HAVE VISTA WITHOUT OUTLOOK!CAUSE YOU CANT SYNC ANYTHING TO YOUR COMPUTER WITHOUT IT.THANKS YOU PEICE OF @ # $ % MICROSOFT ! NEEDED TO MAKE SOME MORE MONEY DID YA?OK . . enough said . . back to the unit ops , Other then being a bit confusing changing from my SDA phone to the 2795 it has worked fine . The only operational quirks Ive had is it can be sluggish and may show a couple photos out of focus when you have a LARGE amount of them your viewing . And it tends to reset your time and date to sometime in 05 ' when the power goes dead from the battery . The screen is nice and clear good color etc. . Games run fine . Sound is good . Program transition is usually quick until you have quite a few things running at once.It feels good in your hand , looks sharp and has a good battery life . Hope that helps . .
 Before buying the IPAQ hx2795 , check out the HP IPAQ 210 . It 's about the same price . Starting today , the HP IPAQ 210 is available directly from HP ! I bought one with the 4 inch screen . I ca n't wait to test drive this baby !
 The HX2795 is generally a good product . My only problem is it keeps turning it 's self on and runs down the battery . I ca n't find a way to make it stop . In all other areas it works like a champ .
 I have had three Pocket PC 's over the last seven years and a total of five within our household . Although I liked all of them , this one is by far the best . Combined with the 2 GB SD card that was purchased extra at a low price , makes this a powerful product to store and reacall important information . The security features , internet , voice recorder , MP3 playback etc , makes this one of the top Pocket PC 's on the market in my opinion .
 This product combine great design , technology , and versatility to organize your office , little business , and some home subjects . I love the wireless internet connection and the Bluetooth , also the big screen , in order to enjoy some videos , and the sound is not so bad if you use the stereo output.I think is a great option instead of the expensive pocket PCs with a QWERTY Keyboard if you want to feel a Windows atmosphere and if you want to combine it with a notebook .
 This is my FIRST PDA . It 's also one of the fastest which is why it 's a higher price the others . I got mine to start out with mainly for paperless Geo Caching . Which works great and lots of programs you can choose from . I also use it for DVD Profiler Mobile to keep track of all my DVDs using DVD Profiler on my PC and it 's simple to Sync them up and have current Data on both . I have a GPS Receiver to plug into the Compact Flash port and using that and Navigation software . Needed the GPS Receiver for Geo caching anyway so now it handles both . It 's setup to display the current weather for 3 days on the main screen which is really nice for a quick glance . I run Sling player Mobile on it to be able to watch my own TV anywhere in the world I want as long as I have a Broadband Internet connection . Just fine a Open Wifi spot and connect up with the built in Wifi . It also has Built in Blue Tooth . Not only has a Compact Flash port , but a SD card port . I normally use 2 Gig SD cards , but I have a 4 gig SD card that works just fine also . I also play games on it . From a simple game like Solitaire , to Monopoly , SimCity 2000 and my Favorite Atomic Cannon.I 'm Syncing up to my Vista PC . The Install Disc did n't work with Vista , but you download the Sync software from MS to get it connected . Not to hard to do . It runs Window Mobile 5.0 , and I would n't count on HP doing a 6.0 update . The built in Fingerprint scanner is a nice Touch and works surprisingly well ! The built in Speaker is n't very loud , but with some headphones it sounds great and it Stereo , so you can Play your Music on it . There 's also great programs out there to RIP DVDs into a nice small file size to play on your PDA . RIP and then watch a Movie anywhere . It 's very Flexible . Of course you can browse the Web with Internet Explorer , or download Opera to use Instead.It 's a nice , very flexible device . Just about anything you can think of you can do with it . Lots of Windows Mobile software out there . A little harder learning curve to it then say a IPHONE , but really , it can do so much more then a IPHONE other then there is n't a phone built in . I did n't what a phone built in mine at this time , but if you want something like this but with a built in Cell phone also , look into the 8525 from AT&T. ; It does n't have as fast of a processor , but it does have a Pop out keyboard . Myself , I 'm not big on Combo Units . I could n't be more happy with this HP IPAQ hx2795.P.S . Some of the things I left out are built in Mic to Record at a push of a button . IR port to beam data back and forth from one PDA to another or to use as a Remote Control if you like . Replaceable battery also .
 I have been using PDAs since 1994 . The Palm m505 was a big step forward for me from the simple address book type PDAs . The Palm m515 was good also . The Palm Tungsten T was probably the best Palm I ever had . And then came the Palm LifeDrive , which was supposed to be so wonderful . It had a harddrive and was supposed to be like a handheld computer . I was so disappointed by that piece of junk that I finally gave up on it 11 months after I bought it . It would have been easy for whatever I replaced it with to satisfy me . I knew one thing for sure , I was done with Palm . I would have never considered a non-Palm PDA until after my LifeDrive experience . Palm pushed me out of their store and into the Windows Media Store . I am a nurse and I use Skyscape Medical Software . Their site recommended iPAQ and specifically the hx2795 . I am very pleased with my iPAQ . I have other HP products and am very happy with all of them . The iPaq is definitely more stable , and easier to use than the LifeDrive . It lives up to the title `` Handheld Computer '' that the LifeDrive wrongly claimed .
 I am a physician who just started working with PDAs . Bought this about a week ago . I have uploaded several applications -LRB- some of them real hefty like Merck medicus and Epocrates -RRB- This thing works like a charm ! It is fast and has n't let me down -LRB- YET ! -RRB-
 I 'm a pharmacy intern and use my device mostly for checking drug-drug interactions or as a drug reference . I think it 's user friendly , but it might have too many features for what I use it for . I 've had a problem with a portion of my screen freezing up/not displaying icons it should - these fix themselves upon reset . If you do get this product , I recommend getting the case that goes with it .
 Great item , the only thing I do n't really care about it is , it seems to need a lot of soft resets , other than that it is great . Buy the tough case for it .
 We bought this so that we could travel without using our laptops to access emails and such , and it 's been spectacular so far . Handy , easy to use , and very worth the cost .
 excellent PDA , provide all the sales tools / support I needed for my daily work - highly recommended -
 I feel well with my Ppc it is that I was looking for
 The hx2795 is a well designed product that has worked flawlessly . This being my fourth PPC , I was happy to see HP stayed with both the Compact Flash and SD card slots , giving the user plenty of storage and options . The internet connectivity also worked well -LRB- only tried it on a hotel wi-fi network -RRB- right out of the box with no additional software needed . Just an all around excellent , well designed product . Highly recommended .
 A fast device , but , I have been using my Ipaq hx2795b for a month now , and at first it did have some freeze-ups . I tried to update the BIOS -LRB- ROM -RRB- from HP 's website , but the version of the Web site was older than the version that comes with my iPAQ , so I tried hard reset , clean power reset -LRB- described in the instructions book -RRB- and it works fine for a couple of days , but when I activated the fingerprints reader security component , it starts to freeze again , and to booting slowly , so I deactivated it.Another important thing is to check the iTask -LRB- the active tasks -RRB- , since I close the inactive tasks , I have n't had problems again.I updated my PC and Laptop with ActiveSync 4.5 , but I have had problems when I connect my iPAQ , because I always have had to establish a new relationship between the device -LRB- PC or Laptop -RRB- and the iPAQ.I 'd like if HP and Microsoft can give us a Windows Mobile 6 for the iPAQ .
 I have owned one of these since the beginning of 2007 . It is my third IPAW and it works great . Blue tooth and wireless are easy to use . I have had little to no stability problems when loading software . Battery life is excellent.I use it for work , travel , -LRB- I leave my laptop home -RRB- , MP3 player , GPS , etc. . I take it where ever I go.I especially like the hand recognition software for taking notes . I only wish it doubled as a cell phone . Perhaps my next one .
 I have used other handheld ppcs and PDAs and this product is several steps ahead since it combines the best features that other products offer singly -LRB- limited , or at the expense of other functions -RRB- . A user can maximize its utility as an electronic notebook with a bluetooth keyboard . It also helps the user do away with all of those scrap-paper notes -LRB- that easily gets lost/misplaced -RRB- . A messaging software for ppcs could also expand its functions.I have been using this product for more than 5 months now and only once have I found the need to re-boot it . I just wish that it could handle higher storage capacity SDs -LRB- greater than 2MBs -RRB- , especially for users who makes a lot of ppt presentations . Along with softwares , maybe HP could also develop useful accessories for this product -LRB- camera -RRB- for `` on-the-road '' users -LRB- e.g. , field reporters , surveyors -RRB- .
 This is my second iPAQ , the first was the iPAQ 3950 . That one never missed a beat , so I figured when I wanted to upgrade to wireless , stick with a solid performer . That turned out to be a good decision . Did check the reviews and saw the comments regarding the BIOS and battery run down with SD Card . With any computer equipment , you should always make sure you are running the latest BIOS and software , even if its just out of the box . In my case this unit had the latest installed . Wireless setup was easy , although a little slow with the initial connection to my home network , you just have to be patient and let the unit connect.This was a good choice and worth extra few bucks for the increased memory and faster processor over other PDAs and iPAQs . The only negative is battery life . It seams to be shorter , than my earlier iPAQ . Battery life is extremely short if running on wireless , so if you are not on the web , shut the wireless off . Been using this for two months and like my earlier iPAQ has not missed a beat and performing flawlessly .
 My iPAQ has been a real time saver and truly a device which makes my job easier . I use it everyday and have been totally satisfied in all aspects . I encourage anyone needing a portable device to purchase an iPAQ . I am totally pleased with it 's performance and storage-I ca n't say enough good things about this equipment .
 I 've been using this as a development platform for a few weeks -LRB- winmobile -RRB- and I have to say it works pretty nicely . It can be difficult to figure out how to configure certain aspects of the device -LRB- e.g. networking , sync modes , etc -RRB- , but usually a little google searching will get you an answer . My only complaint is that the device is n't running winmobile 6 . Other than that , this is a solid PDA .
 At the time that I bought it , it was the best I could get for $ 400 . It will clearly last me a few years . It has all of the important add-ons and some frills . I have n't had luck with infrared , but Bluetooth works like a dream and the fingerprint scanner and memory encryption makes it safe and secure . I store all sorts of information for my job on it , and its synching with Outlook keeps me from losing my mind.My only complaints are that HP is n't quick enough to make the Windows Mobile 6 upgrade available . They were prompt with the Daylight Savings Time change update , though . The device does n't come with a Java Virtual Machine , which makes much of the free software out there unusable . I should 've held out for a Windows Mobile phone.Otherwise , this is a great tool .
 Pros : - size/weight - security system -LRB- fingertip -RRB- - when it works - screen resolution/quality - battery charging via USB - available memory - expansion slotsCons : - security system sometimes does not recognize fingertips - speaker provides too low sound , poor bass/treble adjustment - non-standard USB port - it should come also with an separated USB cable to avoid using always the cradle to syncI wo n't debrief about Windows Mobile 5 and it 's damned Activesync issues : > -RRB-
 Excellent ! Many people use phones with all kinds of features , such as photo cameras and iPAQ capabilities . Not for me ! A camera is a camera and a phone is a phone . I can not sit with a phone at my ear and look at the screen at the same time.This iPAQ does what it needs to do and I am happy with it .
 i need it because i had a problem with my motherboard , and i fixed it , even though it is good for a backup when you processor die , or like i did , to upgrade the motherboard bios
 This processor work great , install over 6 month now and still working great .
 Unlike other RIO players -LRB- such as the Rio Carbon 5GB , or Rio ARC5 .0 Rave 5GB -RRB- this is NOT Mac compatible . PC users - ENJOY it 's great .
 This is my first pocket pc and I am pretty happy with it . I gave it 4 stars because there is always room for improvement with anything . As far as the device turning on and off by itself , I followed instructions that were listed on another merchant 's forum and it fixed the problem . I can go up to five days and it only drops down to 60 % available power . Not bad ! I am not computer savvy but supposedly I can use wi-fi . I have n't figured it out yet . I think I need to call my provider . Also I was able to use it with my cingular phone service via its blue tooth option through my blue tooth capable phone . Cool ! It worked fine but cost a lot of money looking up data . I would n't use this option unless you are a business professional who can write off the cost for work . I will hook back up with Cingular 's Media Service when I take my vacation this summer . The nice thing with this device is that you can look at pictures on your digital camera card . The other nice feature is that it has two slots one for a SD card and another for a compact flash expansion card . You can expand the memory and this device can play games , store files , store photos and add new programs . I was able to download three different versions of the Bible from a freeware site . Yes it is bulky and not slim like some other PDA 's . But if you are a female that should be no problem if you carry a purse . Another thing I like is that the battery is replaceable . I would hate to spend two to three hundred dollars and after so much time the battery dies ; I ca n't use it anymore . I would recommend buying this PDA . I do n't have to carry my laptop anywhere and this thing even has Power Point . WOW !!!
 I ca n't remember how long I have had my 2495b but it has been at least 3 years . I have a 4Gb compact flash card and a 2Gb SD card installed and I consistently get 8 to 9 hours . I have never had a problem with this device and it is used 7 days a week . For those of you with the problem of the battery draining , I would suggest you go on the HP support site and research . Microsoft had a problem with the alarms/notifications waking the device up and draining the battery . If I recall , it was a Microsoft problem , not HP . It was a `` Microsoft Windows Pocket PC 2003 '' problem . Google it and you can find a fix . If I remember , I had to change a few settings . Make sure you have the latest Rom installed and have applied all the HP updates . Also , make sure that you set the external keys to not turn the PDA on , with the exception of the on/off button . If it is in your pocket , many times the 4 lower keys will turn the unit on unintentionally . There has been extensive discussions of the battery drain problem on the HP Forums . One solution was setting up a `` fake server . '' Apparently , Microsoft never stepped up to the plate to provide a fix . However , as in my case , there are work arounds . I have been well pleased with my Ipaq , especially the battery life . Hope this helps.PS I remember , I have replaced the battery once , but like I said , it is used daily .
 When you inserted SD card on this device it will drain the battery fast ... My advice is after you used your PDA just removed the SD Card in the slot ... It wont eats more power than with the SD Card inserted . Its a hassle but believe me that will work efficent to save more power . Thanks
 Works as expected . Did not like that I needed expensive software to be able to print wireless.The case it came with was somewhat bulky . Perhaps a new case design would make for a more compact unit .
 I love my new IPAQ ! I wanted a PDA with more bells and whistles and one that was windows compatible , but not one built into a phone . While I miss the keyboard on my old Blackberry , I do n't miss being quite that connected - and the IPAQ does everything I wanted it to - internet , calendar and other files . I 'm still learning it - but its good . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 was that I had problems getting it to sync at first . But the problem was with my PC/Outlook , and the HP team helped me through the problem and kept calling back to make sure it had been resolved . And their call center was in Canada - an added bonus .
 amazing . it is like haveing an ipod , laptop , and video veiwer all in one . it has all the same options as a labtop exept it is smaller and ezer to use a must have . some people here are even giving them away for 240.99 that is a must steel price . i would buy it if i did not already have one
 This is the first pda i have owned so I dont know how it compares to others . Works fine but the only thing wrong is that it hangs sometimes.Otherwise great !!!
 It works great I have n't had any issues with it ! The software package is perfect , it 's like having an office in your pocket .
 my new ipaq performs well although I did have trouble syncing Microsoft Outlook Contacts . I went to Microsoft help and they referred me to HP help and I received the information needed to solve the syncing problem , that is syncing not sinking .
 I got this product and I very satisfied , the programs run pretty well and the connection with the internet is very good too .
 OK , first I did n't want a `` PDA '' telephone . Some are nice but those screens are just too small . I wanted a PDA that I could just pull out at the local library or Airport and connect to that Wi-Fi . I also wanted to play the `` HUGE '' selections of downloadable games that are available for the Pocket PC . This HP iPAQ 2495 is powerful and has a real nice non-slip grip around the whole unit . It supplements my laptop perfectly when I 'm out on the road . It 's also fun and simple to use . The most important feature is the screen size and the clarity . It 's not a iPhone but this iPAQ does have a `` User Friendly '' replaceable battery which the iPhone does n't have . You just click a back button to gain access and it `` Pops '' out . The bottom line is I had other HP PDA 'S and that all familiar `` Palm Pilot . '' This iPAQ is simply the best in the class of PDA 's to date .
 I used to have another pocketPC from other manufacturer ... yes that one that discontinued the product , anyway , this resulted in a better product overall , even thought it has the same specs as the other one it performs much better , especially in the configuration because it was really easy to make it connect to the internet using my cell with bluetooth , also the bluetooth headphones that I have and the keyboard and bluetooth mouse . It 's a great device for mobility when you do n't want or you ca n't carry a laptop .
 Brilliant . What can i say ? This is my first PDA and i am very happy with it . Does as it says on the tin !!!
 This is an upgrade for most ipaq users of the 1900 series . it 's a great midrange pda but some application are slow or have problems work . the charger does have some glitches but it can be over come . Over all you can deal with this exp if you load other programs to it .
 Okay , so I bought a brand spanking new hx2495b . One of the first things I did was install a SD card . Then the problems started . Fairly frequent soft boots required to get the thing to turn on . Battery dead -LRB- 0 % -RRB- from full charge over night . Not too often , but a couple of times in the 2 weeks I had it.Emailed hp support about the problem -LRB- I did forget to mension I had a SD card installed -RRB- and they , of course , recommended doing a ROM update . Okay , I just got a brand new unit , why should it need a ROM update all ready ? I go and locate the update , down load it and go to install it . Sure enough the update they wanted me to install was the exact same version all ready in the silly thing ! Like that is going to do any good , duh?Then I notice one of the things the ROM update was suppost to fix is a lock up and battery drain problem when an SD card is installed . Humm , maybe they have n't really fixed that . So , I pull my SD card and whad ya know , all the problems went away!Well , I really do n't need the SD card , so I can live with that , but I 'd wish they had said something about it ! Even though I forgot about the SD card being in there , they should have realized the problem when I said the battery went dead over night ! I ca n't be the only one to have this problem . Guess they do n't want to admit there is still a flaw in the programming . A year after it was suppost to be fixed!So , I 'd recommend if you do n't need an SD card , do n't put one in . If you do need it , pull it out when your not using it.One other thing to keep in mind is when you turn the PDA off , it does n't really turn off . The display goes out , but a lot of stuff is still running inside . This is so it will come back exactly where you left off when you turn it back on . That 's nice , but if you do n't have it on a charger , it will drain the battery in 3-4 days just sitting around . Maybe not a big deal to most people , but I want to use the thing to keep a trail journal while hiking the Appalachian Trail , and I could go a week between towns and AC power . Guess I 'll have to lug a solar charger along too if I want to use it.Other than the problem with the SD card and not really turning off when its off , its a great little gizzmo . Solidly built and otherwise works great.Oh , one other thing you might want to know . The instructions are n't clear about this . Activesync likes to turn it 's self on all the time . The way to stop this is to set it to manual sync only . Unfortunetly , the button to access this command is not available if you have it set for USB sync . To set it to manual sync only , you have to set up a server connection first.Start activesync -LRB- if it is n't already running ! -RRB- Menu > add server sourceenter a dummy server address like 1.1.1.1 enter some other dummy info into the next blocks it wants you to fill inthen go back to menu and click on schedule.Now select manual sync in two places.Go back and delete the server connection.Now active sync will only come on when you want it too .
 No doubt HP -LRB- Compaq ? -RRB- did a good job translating market needs into a specification . The problem happened when they went into production.This PDA has most of what `` mobile professionals '' need . Power , speed , connectivity ... HP however , missed the boat on the quality dimension.My machine keeps turning on & off throughout the day and night until it runs out of juice . By the time I need it , the battey is almost dead.Synchronizing is another problem , Activesync 4.2 is much more unstable and limited than previous versions , thus loosing recently modified information or `` forcing you '' to create duplicate files in order to retain your changes . Before you know it , you have 3-4 documents for the same file . This is n't synchronizing anymore , this is ... duplicating.Overall the product has more pros than cons , however these quality glitches does detract from the good job made by R&D. ; This product is n't the HP quality product we became accustomed to , when in college ! -- Manny Rosillo
 I had an entry level iPaq - the 1910 - for a couple of years . Had lots of trouble with it -LRB- some of which I believe were created by an aftermarket synch/charging cable -RRB- . It finally died , and I replaced it with a Palm TX which I quickly returned . Windows compatible - yes / work efficiently - no.I replaced that with the iPaq hx2495 and love it . I would have given it 5 stars rather than 4 , but I would need to have the unit function w/o problems for another few months before giving it the fifth star.I have it synched w/2 computers and had no problems loading or using the software . ActivSynch 4.5 seems to be working w/o flaw . The connections seem a little better built than my old 1910 , and I have been able to use the wifi to access Internet Explorer and email w/o a problem either.Right now , I am very happy with this , but then it cost me $ 350.00 , so it should make me happy ! I 'd spend that again just to have something that works this efficiently and is powered by Microsoft rather than just Microsoft `` compatible '' . Spend the extra bucks - it 's worth it .
 Okay so there 's a memory stick/battery issue problem ... when u put in a memory card to these devices eventually the battery goes dead after like a few days ... . i called up hp and their aware of this , they have a bios patch that still wont fix the problem for everyone ... to fix the problem i got them on the phone and theirs a set up via battery saving issue and after u mess with the settings it wont have any more issues ... . They were very help full and called me back a week later to see how the issue turned out . I would give it 5 stars if it was n't for this whole thing , but besides this battery issue it 's a great product .
 I bought the product for my wife who is an elementary teacher . I wanted to give her a gift that would cut down her at home grading . Now she can walk around the room entering grades in real-time using the HP and included Micro Soft Software . The Excel format from the HP seamlessly uploads to her grading software . I bought her a SD card that aids in the transfer of information to and from the HP . No funky Synchronization issues to deal with . I have used a Palm and never found it to be better than a simple back up.Now all she needs to do is upload the grades into the system . Parents can see their child 's progress and more importantly , no entering grades at home.Happy wife , Happy life .
 I have had my 2495b for about 6 months and it is fantastic . I started using PDAs 15 or so years ago , with the Sharp products -LRB- Wizard , Zaurus -RRB- . Later I went to earlier versions of the iPAQ , and now this model . It has speed , bluetooth , WIFI , and outstanding software . I have downloaded high end aviation software and it works great . The only small complaint I would have at all is that I tried the HP full security feature and it slows the unit down too much . But I have not found a real need to use that feature , anyway .
 This is a great purchase . Is easy to install programs although usually is not easy to find one compatible with windows mobile 5 . The reproduction of videos and images is wonderful , it does n't bring acrobat reader but you can install it . About word i have used it a lot , with an external keyboard that connects with an infrated port , and it works perfect , have all the basic functions and is easy to read -LRB- without making an eye effort -RRB- . Some of the problems are that you can not open two different word files at the same time , ad if you 're going to open a huge word document -LRB- a book , for example -RRB- it usually stocks and you have to reiniciate windows . To connect it to a computer you must have the connector -LRB- obviusly -RRB- which is a little big , and the program of sincronization installed , so you cant just arrive to a place to connect it and download information , is not that easy . Is really light to carry , the battery lasts very long time , it have all the aplications you could need of an electronic helper for everyday
 got this pda -LRB- mainly because it has CF support , I have 16GB CF -RRB- flashed to Hong Kong version , it displays Trad and Simp Chinese without problembut I see the unit is kinda buggy , that sometimes bt confuses to connect , and wifi `` forgets '' the driver , requires resetit does n't turn on after charging , and the unit gets pretty hot , press reset , the battery goes to 0SD problem , that I have to turn the unit on before inserting SD , or it 's not recognized , and it does n't support SD-HC -LRB- will WM6 update add it ? -RRB- proflip screen coverCF support , can add 16GB of storage256MB of ROMnew 1700mA/h batteryconflaky bt and wifino SD-HC supportmay be bulky for somescreen is yellow compared with RX3715 and X50vI 'd recommend it if you want CF support , ipaq 210 is coming , and it has WM6 and VGA screen
 PDA was exactly as advertized . The PDA combines all MS Office , Outlook , Internet and wireless connection advantages into a small package . The only disadvantage is that it does not have a phone .
 Great product . Works well with Windows Vista . Have used Palm products for years ... this is superior in almost every way .
 I absolutely love this pocket pc . I switched from a Palm Z22 - this is so much nicer . I am still reviewing all the features . Great buy for the price
 Order entry was simple ; delivery was on time ; product delivered was as ordered and complete . This is replacement for older-style hp pocket pc circa 2000 . Smaller unit is easier to handle . The older iPAQ stylus with pop-up release was easier to use , but the spring failed during it 's lifetime which caused the stylus to get loose in pockets and luggage . Used for data transfer from field equipment to laptop - satisfactory .
 I needed this product as an organizer plus storage of some books on its SD card . The only problem I found was it is not supporting no more than 2GB memory card . Other than this I felt it serves my purpose .
 Bought this for my husband ; his first handheld . Took it on vacation first thing and was impressed how easy it was to use . Came in very handy and he has yet to learn all the things it can do . He has used it for personal and business and found the windows mobile a real asset . Found that buying a case for it was a good idea for both travel and general protection . Bought this item because my father has one and recommended it . He says he could n't do without it anymore . He even takes it to church as he has downloaded the Bible on it . So far , I 'd have to say this has been a great investment .
 I really like this . Great Product . Nice to have when I am out running !
 I am extremely pleased with the product . I run almost everyday and this product has made listening to my samsung very easy and convenient . If I do n't want to wear it on my arm I can detach the samsung and instead clip it to my belt.I would highly recommend this to everyone .
 Needs to be stretched on sides , but no big deal . I like the closure and the belt clip or armband option . Some headphone storage would be nice.Gadget Queen
 This two part set has great features . magnetic closure on the pouch , clear protective cover , buttons are labeled on elastic cover.The two part construction is great for each use . on you belt or pocket the small piece easy to use . Clip it to the armband and go skating in the park , or jam out in the gym.Two complaints that I must mention . The port on the botton is just a little bit too small and it takes a while to get it plugged into my TuneCast . Also there is no place to store the head phones when not using the T9
 Very pleased with these . Am glad I was able to place multiple items and cut apart yet it still hold
 I bought this product for reading my digital pictures off the CF cards from my Canon A5 Zoom camera . The unit works well , and was a quick install . The install disc is very helpful and user-friendly , and the reader has not failed me yet . When I upgraded my computer to Windows2000 , I downloaded the new driver from the manufacturer 's website and this reader was Win2000 compatible in a flash - no pun intended ! While USB devices are slightly faster , I would recommend this device to anyone who does n't have a free USB port available !
 I bought the Datafab reader for my new Nikon Coolpix 950 -LRB- I highly recommend if you are an SLR photographer -RRB- . The reader has worked flawlessly for two months now . It does cause one of my HP printers to feed an extra page now and then , though , which does n't irritate me the way it seems to irritate some . It fits into my camera bag so I can hook up to anyone 's computer for a download . Speed seems instantaneous , never more than a few seconds . I run Windows 98SE and a variety of photo software programs . Even if you 're a beginning photographer or novice computer user , this unit is a no-brainer , it registers on your computer as another drive , installation is easy and quick . The only flaw is the software for handling images , useable but you 'll want to get photo imaging software anyway to manipulate and print images . I think it 's a a solid unit and the price is great .
 what more do you need to know . Only 4 Stars because the unit responds a bit slowly to the remote control , but I do n't think that 's because it has been chipped ; it 's a design fault from Toshiba . Unit plays all region dvds with no fussing around . and the price is right .
 I do n't think I 'll ever buy ink at the store again . I 'm a bit of a frugal shopper and this is by far the BEST price you 'll ever find printer ink for . And with free shipping ? I could pay upwards of $ 30 in the store for our printer ink . I ordered this ink in 2011 and we only just now ran out . We may not use our printer as much as someone else but when we do , it 's all in color , which uses a good amount of ink , and to only just run out now , is pretty darn good . I logged in to my Amazon account today to see where and when I ordered ink last ... and this is the only ink order in my account . I 'll be placing another order today .
 I 've bought this generic cartridge from Abacus and Eforcity , and I 've never had any problems . I 've been very impressed with the ink quality and incredible price . I 've used all color cartridges , and am on my 4th or 5th black cartridge , and it 's worked perfectly .
 This one i bought a year back & still condition is the same ... Superb quality n the way this bag pack is designed is really amazing
 This bundle contains two HP 56 black -LRB- C6656AN -RRB- cartridges used on many common HP DeskJet printers . As I am in graduate school , I use my printer a lot -LRB- about 1,000 pages a month of mostly black and white pages . -RRB- I typically use a cartridge every three weeks or so , which seems very good to me . I have enabled some ink saving features on the printer , although the quality of the printed pages still seems excellent to me.I am very impressed with these cartridges , and Amazon 's price is the best I have found . One feature that I like is that HP is now putting business reply mail return envelopes for returning old cartridges for recycling . As an aside , on my printer I get a low ink warning long before the printing is visibly degraded , so I tend to print until I can see the ink fading , which may account for me getting more copies per cartridge than others seem to.I like the HP printer line , and recommend an HP DeskJet with appropriate cartridges for efficient and reasonably priced printing , especially to relatively high volume home users .
 I bought a refurbished cartridge and it did n't work.Best to buy original HP cartridge whether you buy it from Amazon or a private individual .
 Order was filled just as promised - two genuine HP 56 cartridges were sent to me quickly . No packaging -LRB- supposedly to save postage -RRB- but who cared - they were in the sealed HP packages and while I 've only used 1 of them , it works great .
 These ink cartridges are very good and i am Happy to be able to purchase a needed item through this site
 Received the product in a timely fashion , needed it to continue use of my Printer . Cartridge worked fine , no issues .
 every since i installed the cartridge my printer has been acting up so im not sure
 I knew I would get a good offer on this product and I did.I only waited a few days.Thank You
 I 've owned a printer that uses this ink for 4 years , and have had very little problem with them . The print is sharp and consistent ; and get about what I expected as far as print pages goes.The one problem that I have on occasion is probably not the cartridge , but the printer
 As quickly as the order was given , I was responed to and the package was on its way . Kudos !
 This product is the same you 'd buy at Wal-mart or Staples ... just more convenient to buy it online .
 The first refill only lasted 2 days . but the second one is still in use . mistakes happen . I recieved the ink in 2 days . I feel that I got my moneys worth.and I would order from them again .
 Why does it take two weekd for such a simple order to be processed ? -LSB- delivered -RSB-
 This is by far , the best camera body I have ever used . In my experience , Canon has always made quality products .
 Very solid camera , but a bit heavy . Good battery life . It is a very professional camera .
 Canon has three digital cameras for $ 2,500 + . The 1DS Mark II , the 1D Mark IIN and the relatively new 5D . I chose Canon over Nikon -LRB- which I 've shot most of my photographic life -RRB- because of Canon 's more impressive suite of lenses . Here 's the decision process I went through . As with most products , it comes down to how you 'll use it . All of them have tradeoffs .1 . Megapixels . More pixels - with a few caveats - translates into an image that can be enlarged -LRB- and cropped more tightly -RRB- with less deterioration . The 1DS is the market leader at 16.7 MP , the 5D comes in at 12.7 MP and the 1D at 8.2 MP . If you 're a commercial art or magazine photographer the 1DS probably makes sense . If you 're a wedding photographer , the 5D is probably the sweet spot . In practice , however , the difference in pixels between these cameras will not make an appreciable difference for most people . At 8.2 MP , you can make an 11x17 print at 200 pixels/inch without any enlargement beyond the camera 's native resolution . Up to that size , you certainly wo n't see much difference in prints from the three cameras . That said , the higher megapixels of the other cameras gives you more extreme cropping lattitude .2 . Full frame . The 1DS and 5D are full frame - that means the sensor in the camera will capture the view of the scene that you 're accustomed to seeing with your 35 mm film camera . The 1D and most digital cameras have what is called a field of view crop factor -LRB- FOVCF -RRB- . For the 1D , it 's 1.3 X . What that means is that both the viewfinder and the image sensor do n't capture everying the lens is `` seeing '' - it crops the view in a little tighter . The result
 This is an excellent camera ! I purchased mine in Feb. '06 and have used it continually for 2 + months before I decided to write this review . First , I am an avid amateur photographer , and I wondered if this camera would be worth the expense , for a non-pro . I 've found that I do not regret this purchase in any way . I researched it for several months and even bought the Digital Rebel XT first , thinking I 'd rather not spend so much for a camera -LRB- I like the Rebel XT and it is a fun back up camera -RRB- ... and I was confused as to which camera to choose . Most official reviewers either did not review it , because there was not `` much '' difference btw . it and the ID Mark II or simply said that if you wanted to shoot sports or fast action , then the 1D Mark II N was the way to go . I do n't shoot those ... I 'm a wedding/portrait person . However , I do also shoot landscapes and fast moving animals as well and wanted the weather proofing and speed that comes with the Mark II N . So choosing between the 5 D , the -LRB- at the time -RRB- upcoming 30D and the 1D Mark II N was very difficult.One pro review site said that the Mark II N was a needless upgrade to the Mark II . I found that an odd remark because Canon changed almost everything that they did n't like in the Mark II . You can record both in RAW and JPEG at the same time , on different cards . A 2.5 '' LCD that can be magnified from any point , to check the sharpness , there is a definite absence of noise in shadowed areas and you do not have to pair this with an L lense to get excellent photos . Aside from my L lenses , I use the 50mm 1.4 , the 70-300 DO and the 85mm 1.8 with excellent image quality across the board.I am a small woman and found that the camera 's weight takes some time to get used to . However , the camera itself is so fast that it compensated any camera shake I might have had , due to the weight , by it 's speed . And , now that I am used to it , I hardly notice it.The multitude of control buttons can be confusing , but if you are used to the 1D Mark II , it 's not a difficult switch . If you are used to the Rebel XT , keep the manual handy for your first few times out.Whether you shoot in JPEG or RAW , the photos manipulate well in photoshop and you do n't lose any quality -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- for not having the 12 megapixels of the 5D -LRB- which was 1 of only 2 reasons why I considered the 5D -RRB- . Large enlargments -LRB- 16x20 -RRB- print up quite excellently and again , you have the speed to NEVER miss a shot . I 've found that in shooting portraits with difficult to shoot subjects -LRB- children , pets , someone who DOES N'T want to sit for a portrait but his wife is making him ... -RRB- , SPEED does matter and often it 's saved me from a failed shoot!The 1.3 x FOV crop factor -LRB- vs. the full frame 5D -RRB- is definitely a factor to be weighed . Frankly , I use the 17-40L and get excellent landscape photos . As wide -LRB- at 22mm -RRB- as I could ever wish , and not get `` fish-eye '' . So , I do n't find the crop factor to be a personal issue but it was something I had to take into consideration in my choice . While it limits my 24-70L and my 24-105L to only 31.2 mm at wide angle , it gives my 70-300 DO IS that `` just enough '' extra zoom boost -LRB- to 390mm -RRB- that I do n't have to buy yet another expensive lens.I 've been trying to think of the negatives of this camera , in order to give a balanced review . As I said , initially the weight was an issue as well as learning the controls . Both were quickly overcome . The cost is definitely a factor , but especially for anyone who does this for a living , it is definitely worth the $ . I like everything about this camera -LRB- and I 've gone through several others to get here -RRB- . When I do n't have it with me , and find myself with my A620 -LRB- my `` in the purse '' emergency camera -RRB- I get so frustrated that the A620 wo n't do anything even close to what I 've now come to expect as the standard for all cameras . So I guess that 's the one downside , because it 's a large SLR , I do n't carry it absolutely -LRB- though almost ! -RRB- everywhere . However , overall , unless you want to pay close to $ 7K for the Ds and the extra megapixels , I do n't believe there 's a better camera on the market . I realize that while this review does n't cover all the technical specs -LRB- you can get that on either cnet.com or the-digital-picture . com -RRB- I hope it helps someone like me who had a really difficult time making the ultimate decision .
 Shall I go over all the features ? No need.This camera will work anytime anywhere . It amazes me constantly . I 'll be blunt . Any other camera -LRB- sorry -RRB- is garbage compared to the 1D . From being at the zoo and having to take an unexpected photo which is possibly due to its lighting fast startup and focus , to being on a boat in the harbor of San Francisco in the pouring rain while others run and hide with their cameras , to grabbing a 400mm night shot in Vegas with exceptional clarity thanks to low noise at high ISO and image stabilization - the 1D destroys any other camera .
 The Canon 1D Mk IIN is the bomb . I opted for this camera over the cheaper and higher megapixel camera , the 5D . It is rare that you need more than 8M pixels and the sharpness and speed of this camera is nothing short of amazing especially when comparing to my other digital slr , the Canon 20D . This is a camera that I will enjoy for many years
 This what i discovered when i 've used my brand new 1D markIINWell , I have to say that I am truly impressed with this camera . A friend of mine got his about a month ago , so I have played with it a little bit , but since I got mine on thursday , I have really gotten to explore the many features and performance differences beween this camera and the 20D that I upgraded from.Having used a few original 1D cameras , a 1D mark II , the 20D with battery grip and a 5D , the size and weight of this camera really doesnt bother me -LRB- I have heard so many people complain about the size and weight before ... -RRB- I actually really like the feel of the 1D mark II N . There is only a slight difference between the original 1D Mark II 's feel and the N , but if you hold them side by side you notice it.The autofocus is absolutely stunning . Having used a 20D for a year and a half , I had forgotten how nice it is to have those 45 highly sensitive autofocus points ! As soon as you pick up this camera and hold that shutter button half way down , you realize why this is the # 1 choice of many of the best photojournalists.The body construction is the highest quality I have ever seen in a camera , but of course is very similar , if not identical to the other 1D series cameras . Compared to the 20D and 5D though , this thing just feels solid.Another stunning feature is , of course , the speed at which the 1D Mark II N can capture images ... 8.5 frames per second ! Just as the 1D and 1D Mark II have done for the past few years , this camera holds its own to all other cameras in its class , with 22 frame raw bursts at 8.5 frames per second . I hardly ever shoot jpeg , but i did test it and found the 48 frame buffer to be quite impressive . Packing two 2 gig Sandisk Ultra II cards -LRB- a CF and an SD -RRB- I have the capacity for about 450 total shots.The screen , of course , is fantastic , and blows any Nikon camera 's menu and image review quality out of the water.The 1.3 x crop factor is certainly an improvement over the 20D 's 1.6 x , and the bigger sensor definitely yields better image quality in low light due to the lower signal-to-noise ratio . Overall , color reproduction , metering , exposure and sharpness are all much better than the 20D . since i love wildlife photography I have been able to get 75 % more caption information than I ever did with my pervious camerasThe camera performs great in the studio , and images are beautiful , as would be expected . I have yet to make any photographic prints from this camera , but I 'm sure they will look stunning .
 With a wicked 8.5 frames per second , this is a sports/action/photojournalists dream camera . If you need the speed this is the one . Aimed squarely at sports shooters and photojournalists , Canon has done it . If you are looking for more of a portrait/art/wedding camera get the Canon 5D .
 It 's taken a long time to discover this , but if you have kids , you really need a sports camera . Like most first time parents , I started getting serious about digital slr 's when we had our baby . My first dslr camera was a rebel xt , then I upgraded to the 30D . They 're both fantastic cameras , but something was not quite right . On a hunch , I recently bought the Mark IIn . I finally have the right camera for the job.Children do not stay still . The instant you point a camera at them , they will move -LRB- typically towards you -RRB- , there are no exceptions . So with that in mind , why are you snapping pictures of moving children with a camera designed for still studio portraits ? Exactly ! Wrong gear for the job . You end up with about maybe a 5 % keeper rate . How many blurry or non-focused shots do you have ? How many shots do you have of moments just passed , and you missed it because you were waiting for your camera to auto focus?Sports camera such as the eos 1D series are made to shoot fast action ... Like children . The unit 's auto focus with the ability to track moving subjects quickly means you will have a much higher keeper rate . Keep in mind that nothing replaces basic photography skills .
 I bought the camera based on weather proof , speed and sturdiness reasons . I have no complaint on the speed and the autofocus capability . Even though the picture quality looks no different from 30d , I feel that the camera delivers much better auto-focus effect and the speed . In an ideal enviornment , you will not find the edge of 1d mark ii N. HOwever , 1d mark ii N shines when the low light , quick focus , good battery duarbility are required.The thing bothers me about the camera is not the size and the weight . It is the sensor dust . Why will a weather proof camera collects dust no differently from 30d ? After 1000 pictures , the senor dust showed up . I thought the sand , dust should be avoided since the camera is `` weather proof '' - against water , sand , dust . Why is there dust so pravellently accumulating ? If there is no dust or the dust can be easily removed from the sensor , I will give it 5 .
 I have to say that the Mark III for $ 1000 to $ 2000 more may not offer that much for the money . I have had the 1D Mark II N for a year and have truly enjoyed the flexibility of this PRO camera . To date , after 1000 's of pics taken , I still have no sensor dust.Other than the 1Ds Mark II and its 16 MP , this camera can to everything a pro or pro-amateur photographer will need.It 's truly a beauty and certainly fast enough to get any shot necessary .
 Definitely rates four stars as a quality replacement toner cartridge for my older HP-1100 . Office Depot sells one for $ 70 , not counting tax . Delivery was quick , and no hassle to remove/replace . No ink streaks , blank stipes , or ink blobs . Try this , you 'll like it .
 One thing I really like about this media is the quality of the print surface . It is not hub printable , but the printable surface is among the best I have used . Many other printable media smear when touching the surface with moist fingers , this media seems to completely dry quickly , does n't smear , seems to be very durable . I use Epson R200 to print on surface.As far as burn quality , I have had no problems . These discs show a MFG ID as OPTODISCR004 . I burn these in a Sony DRU-500A with firmware 2.1 a without a problem . I use Philips DVP-642 for playback , they play fine , but this player seems to play everything . Have n't tried the media in any other player , will update review later if I find problems , but for now this seems to be a great deal !
 I purchased a pack and used them all , not one was bad . Each recorded just great , using MyDVD and then printed perfectly on my Epson R300 . Not one coaster in the pack ! I was buying only Verbatim because they were the only ones I could count on to work all the time . If the price stays down , I 'll buy these instead .
 I ordered 100 of these and after using over half of them have not had one bad disc yet so I ordered 300 more . I am sure there is better media to be had but not for $ .30 delivered to your house and printable . My only complaint is that the media is not hub printable .
 For the price paid I expected some cheesy cell phone holder . Much to my surprise this holder was very high quality and has served its purpose so far . It was a nice surprise to know that you do n't have to pay mall prices for mall quality . thank you
 I purchased this thinking that I 'd need it to use with the Canopus ADVC-55 analog to digital converter , which requires 5 watts of power . I did n't study my own situation closely , and after I bought it , I learned that the firewire port I hooked the converter to on my 20 '' iMac provides up to 7 watts of power , so I really did n't need the converter . Before you buy this , check to see if your Mac or PC has powered ports . I 'm hanging on to the adapter in case I ever decide to sell the converter to someone with unpowered ports , and because I did n't want the hassle of returning it . I labeled it before it went into a drawer , so my my heirs will know what it is in the future , when they sort through my growing collection of cables and converters ! My rating has nothing to do with the product quality , really , more to do with its utility . Do n't get it if you do n't need it .
 This product is all that it was said to be.I 've used it for 2 wks and it has done it 's job.The price is great , it 's even smaller than the one that comes with the PD-150 .
 As far as an overall rating based on the product performance this item gets a full 5 stars from me as it works perfectly as designed . The only downside is that it is very expensive for something that really should be included with your Canopus converter to begin with . So as long as you can get over paying a pretty steep price for a very basic item you will be satisfied .
 This item does what is meant to do . It keeps your ADVC powered . The only downside of this product is that it is expensive .
 These keep our motherboards snug against the case , perfect for transport , since we build computer based DVR systems and ship them worldwide .
 There 's nothing special about these standoffs , but they are great to keep on hand if you build a lot of PCs . Many motherboards are sightly ` non-standard ' in their size . Yes , the boards all follow the proper hole pattern for their particular form factor . But some boards -LRB- especially some mATX -RRB- are a bit wider than standard . As a result , the DIMM slots , 24 pin header , and other headers are hanging out over a part of the board that is unsupported by the regular standoffs . Plugging in the connectors and memory sticks can put a lot of stress on the board while pushing down . Fortunately , these odd-sized boards usually have extra holes in their corners perfect for installing one of the plastic standoffs . Problem solved ! The board is now firmly supported against the downward pressure mentioned above .
 These will support the corners of a motherboard if your case does n't havethe proper amount or locations of tapped holes for regular standoffs .
 I have a Pioneer DVR-220S DVD recorder . I also have a Pioneer DV563A DVD player . THE PLAYER IS AN RW PLAYER . It is DESIGNED to play RW discs . -LRB- Make sure YOURS is too , BEFORE you buy these discs . If your player does n't say RW somewhere on it , it probably IS N'T -RRB- . I have just finished making back-up copies of the Duran Duran Greatest Hits 2 DVD set , and the LED Zepplin 2 DVD set -LRB- Using a Sima Go DVD signal processor , which strips the copy guard right out of the signal -RRB- . I used these Radius Technology DVD-RW discs for my copies . After FINALIZING the discs on the recorder , I tried them in the DVD player . PERFECT !!!! I just ordered 2 more packs of 25 . The price ca n't be beat !
 I upgraded to the Voodoo 5/5500AGP from a Voodoo 3/3000PCI . Obviously the Voodoo 5 offers more bells and whistles than the 3 , but I have noticed that the compatibility is not as good as the Voodoo 3 -LRB- especially the GLide -RRB- . I would say the Voodoo 3/3000AGP for $ 200 less offers 90 % of the real-world performance of the Voodoo 5 . In general , I think the Voodoo 5 was a let down .
 Although many people think the GeForce2 GTS is a better card from the specs and the benchmarks , the Voodoo5 is superior . Not only does it have more memory and is cheaper , but the anti-aliasing works all the time , on every game . The T-Buffer effects make for a more movielike game , and the speed is simply amazing . Even the anti-aliasing is better than the GeForce2 's . This card is ideal for gamers who want to play sims , driving games , adventures , RPG 's , etc. . If you play a lot of FPS 's you 'd be better off with the GeForce 2 , because it is simply faster . The Voodoo5 is for games that you want to enjoy the visual glory more . So , I highly recommend it .
 I just got my Voodoo5 , and after reading dozens of reviews that talked about the wonder of FSAA . Now that I see it with _ all _ my games , I ca n't believe it ! It is the best thing since 3D graphics card . This card is well worth the money , at -LSB- much -RSB- less than a GeForce GTS , and much better FSAA I think it is the most bang for the buck out there!Besides I like buying from an established company , there are two many no-name producers of the GeForce to deserve my hard earned dollars . I want a company that will be around 3 years from now , and from where I am standing that company is 3dFX , I know people who still have their original Voodoos and Voodoo2s and are quite happy with them .
 First I would like to say lacking a true Mpeg-2 decoder for DVD play is surely missed . However After owning a Voodoo 2 . This is definitely a big improvement in speed and vivid color -LRB- graphics -RRB- . I did buy a nvdia GeForce GTS video card which was extremely fast , but only after continuously updating drivers . Installed the voodoo 5 5500 apg card , installed the drivers , and we I was on my way to video game heaven . It 's not perfect by any means , but it runs well with every game I own . Playing Deus Ex with screen full of enemies surely brings slow frame rates . I feel thats to be expected . All in all it I 'm totally impressed , I will be buying the voodoo5 6000 when it hits the shelves this later this year . I truly recommend this video card .
 I just recently bought the G-Force 2 card because everyone has been hyping it . After plugging that one into my computer and finding that it did n't work on any of my games I returned it and just recently bought a Voodoo 5 to replace it . WOW ! It works with EVERY game with I have first time , and the 4 sample AA is spectacular . This is the best card on the market and more than worth the money ! I will never play Tomb Raider 4 on any other card but this !
 I previously owned a 3d ProphetII . I was very impressed by its extremely fast frame rates and overall game performance . However it is not a very stable card and the graphic performance was not what I expected from a $ 400 card . The V5 is very compatible with numerous setups or chipsets you may be running , weather it be AMD or Pentium . As well the T-Buffer engine makes for some impressive effects while the 2x or 4xFSAA is activated . Even 2-D applicatioins look sharper . The extra programs 3-Deep and True Internet Color tha come on the install cd help to make your existing color scheme more rich then ever before . It does what a graphics accelerator is supposed to do
 The only reason why you would need this now is to get that same retro feel on 3dfx / Glide games that you have on an old rig where Direct3D just does n't feel the same ! IF you buy this product new it was the best of its time ! The only downfall that you MIGHT have are the GPU fans -LRB- x2 -RRB- that come with the card . They can be somewhat unreliable from what I hear BUT I STILL have this card in my legacy rig and the original fans are still running so I would n't worry about it so much . Just make sure to keep up with the maintenance and check your fans regularly like you should and you wo n't have a problem !
 Hey you people who are writing bad reviews about this board , this thing is a museum piece , not expected to be a player in todays computers , I have one running in an old P3 1000Mhz with Win 98SE , it runs great , just do n't expect to find current software for it , and for it to play nice with any of todays hardware or with todays software . It is a good device if you are running an old P3 w win98se only , that means running games like Quake 1 & 2 , Unreal , Unreal Tourn 3 and so on . In its day , this was one of the better 64MB boards , not the fastest , but certainly no slouch , also has one of the best 2D picture clarity on the market at the time
 I have a P3 500Mhz with 128 RAM and an ATI 8 MB video card . I like to play a game called Codename
 Ok , if you own a Voodoo3 , do n't bother spending the extra money unless you have to have the latest and greatest . If you are considering buying this card , then I think you are getting alot for your money . I just upgraded from a V-3 and Tnt Ultra-2 . I found the Tnt Ultra to be close to to performance of the V-5 , but less stable . The V-5 has `` 64megs '' of memory , but really it only allocates 32 megs per procerssor , so it is actually a 32 meg card . The best thing about this card is the FSAA . It will not work great with all games but it is a great feature . FSAA simply smoothes out the jagged edges in games , but does not eliminate them completly . Frame rates are better than the V-3 and TNT Ultra , but only a little . The card is large , so be sure you can fit it in your case . If you have Direct X 8 , be sure to get the latest drivers from 3dfx . Nvidia now owns 3dfx , so that may be another deciding factor in buying this card .
 1 of the BEST Vid Crdz !! 10 + -LRB- FPS/SPEED -RRB- 10 + -LRB- OpenGL/D3D -RRB- 8 -LRB- QLTY/CLARITY . . NOT 100 % PERFECT -RRB- 3 -LRB- XP Pro HEADACHE -RRB- . . was TRICKYCOMP SPECZ : KT3 Ultra2 VIA KT333 ChipAMD ATHLON XP 1900 + -LRB- 1.6 GHz -RRB- 256 MB DDRAC 97 -LRB- onboard -RRB- MS XP PRO SP1VOODOO 5500 AGP -LRB- 3rd PTY Drv . . Voodoolizer 1.4 B6MANY TYPES TRIED . . MANY !! Problem
 This is the best card to buy if you want to have a more realistic look to your games . And as for the review saying not to buy the card , he 's right about a new card coming out in about a month that will have 128 MB video memory and a 1.47 Gigapixel Per Second Fill Rate , but this card is goin to run you twice what the Voodoo 5 5500 is .
 I just installed this card , and I must say , the anti-aliasing makes a striking improvement on all my 3d games , even those in extremely high resolutions.Basically , the anti-aliasing functions just like the `` screen smoothing '' that was available with Unreal . It 's nice , but not perfect . Although it smooths the screen nicely and gets rid of the jaggies , it somewhat blurs the text in 3d game menus . It 's sort of like adjusting the sharp control on your TV to make up for a static-filled picture - the duller image obscures the snow , but its hard to look at after a while . Thankfully , you can control the amount of aliasing or turn it off altogether -LRB- which makes better use of your video memory and provides a faster frame rate -RRB- . Also , I 've noticed that the anti-aliasing feature sometimes creates strange artifacts and lighting anomolies on moving objects in Unreal Tournament . This is quite annoying . Also , some of my 3d games now have a slight color problem , probably due to the lame 3Deep automatic color adjuster that comes with the card . One thing I would like to point out , though , is that I was amazed at how impressive the Anti-Aliasing can be -- in most games , it 's even more impressive than resolution.THE GOOD POINTS 1 -RRB- The Anti-Aliasing rocks on most of my games , providing nice , smooth images with no jagged edges , even in low rez . The feature even helps in high rez ! 2 -RRB- If the AA causes trouble with a particular game , I can easily turn it off . 3 -RRB- It 's a fast card . 4 -RRB- It jacks directly to the power supply which will help prevent the brown outs associated with some mother boards . 5 -RRB- It has two cooling fans -LRB- one for each processor -RRB- so it wo n't overheat like some of the early Voodoo3 cards did.THE BAD POINTS
 This is a monster of a card . True OpenGL support . None of the configuration hassles of the GeForce cards . 64MB 's of RAM and dual Napalm chips mean you will reduce load on your CPU . This card was built for use immediately . While everyone else is trying to headline on features which are n't even incorporated on a single game yet , this one is built for the now ! Going with this card will not let you down . Please be aware of the heat generation of this card . If you already have a cramped case , you may wish to pick up an extra cooling fan along with it .
 ... The most favourite -LRB- among a mountain of features -RRB- is theFSAA . Its looks amazing . . I had a chance to compare the GeForce2 2xand 3dfx 2x , and -LRB- although close -RRB- the 3dfx had the edge . . Enable 4x FSAA on your 3dfx -LRB- and NO things DONT crawl -RRB- and you ` ll have the most amazing quality and vidrant graphics available . The 4x FSAA is fast , counter-strike is 50 + fps at 800x600 4x FSAA . Get this card , its SO easy to install , use and make all your new and EXISTING games look amazing . .
 Hoooo.First of all , get this card NOW !!! WHY ??? hmmm i 'll explain , when i got 300 dollars i was thinking which is better between Geforce 2 GTS and Voodoo5 5500 . And i read this at the megazine . Geforce got a 9 points and Voodoo got a 8 points.So i was trying to get a Geforce but i love to play speedy action games so i really need a speedy 3dcard so i bought voodoo and i installed it and the graphic was ... Fantastic . Especially the FSAA was erasing the jaggies from the games . The game was just looks like a REAL . If you are trying to buy 3d card.If you are trying to find fast 3dcard . If you are thinking Geforce2 and Voodoo5 You have to and must buy VOODOO 5 5500 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Screw what tho 's other * ^ % & % # ^ & say 3dfx kick 's ArSe and i still use my VooDoo3 3000 and i want this VooDoo5 5500 so babdy that im busting Brick 's with my HeAd ... . if it wernt for 3dfx there would be no OpenGL , OpenGL stoped at 1.4 notice it hasent been upGraded beacuse Nvidia have to suck 3dfx 's Thingy to do it . . so look who 's sucking what now ahahahahahha
 iam very crazy about games and i love games , graphis ,3 deffcts.i want to know more about voodoo5 if you could send some important information incuding price and how to buy . it will be great you could send those information . my e-mail id is ariazdeen@hotmail.com . thank you
 This computer card was one of the last ones that was released by voodoo prior to being purchased by Nvidia . This thing had it all , and probably can still hang with the lower end ones available right now , with 64mb of memory , 350mhz ram dac ect ... One of the best graphics cards ever built . Only the 6000 version of this was bigger , but this was a great one , highly recommended to all who need a decent card for an older system . I have owned the voodoo 3 2000 and the Voodoo3 3500tv , all are still working and excellent , this is also amongst the crowd . Highly recommended .
 Have you ever heard of the expression `` fire and forget '' ? That 's right . Nothing to set , all games work , glide and Direct3D supported . This 3d card is great . Just install it in the AGP slot , attach the power source , turn on the computer and you are there . Software installation is the easiest.How does it work with 3d games ? Read the title ! :-RRB- Clockwork . It is perfect . No game will give you one single complaint about it . NFS IV does not list it as supported , but believe me , it works perfectly . I play NFS with the highest video settings and it runs smooth -LRB- have in mind I own an Athlon processor 650 MHz with 128 MB -RRB- . Despite its incredible and flawless performance , there is a problem
 Have you ever heard of the expression `` fire and forget '' ? That 's right . Nothing to set , all games work , glide and Direct3D supported . This 3d card is great . Just install it in the AGP slot , attach the power source , turn on the computer and you are there . Software installation is the easiest.How does it work with 3d games ? Read the title ! :-RRB- Clockwork . It is perfect . No game will give you one single complaint about it . NFS IV does not list it as supported , but believe me , it works perfectly . I play NFS with the highest video settings and it runs smooth -LRB- have in mind I own an Athlon processor 650 MHz with 128 MB -RRB- . Despite its incredible and flawless performance , there is a problem
 Have you ever heard of the expression `` fire and forget '' ? That 's right . Nothing to set , all games work , glide and Direct3D supported . This 3d card is great . Just install it in the AGP slot , attach the power source , turn on the computer and you are there . Software installation is the easiest.How does it work with 3d games ? Read the title ! :-RRB- Clockwork . It is perfect . No game will give you one single complaint about it . NFS IV does not list it as supported , but believe me , it works perfectly . I play NFS with the highest video settings and it runs smooth -LRB- have in mind I own an Athlon processor 650 MHz with 128 MB -RRB- . Despite its incredible and flawless performance , there is a problem
 I just installed this card , and I must say , the anti-aliasing makes a striking improvement on all my 3d games , even those in extremely high resolutions.Basically , the anti-aliasing functions just like the `` screen smoothing '' that was available with Unreal . It 's nice , but not perfect . Although it smooths the screen nicely and gets rid of the jaggies , it somewhat blurs the text in 3d game menus . It 's sort of like adjusting the sharp control on your TV to make up for a static-filled picture - the duller image obscures the snow , but its hard to look at after a while . Thankfully , you can control the amount of aliasing or turn it off altogether -LRB- which makes better use of your video memory and provides a faster frame rate -RRB- . Also , I 've noticed that the anti-aliasing feature sometimes creates strange artifacts and lighting anomolies on moving objects in Unreal Tournament . This is quite annoying . Also , some of my 3d games now have a slight color problem , probably due to the lame 3Deep automatic color adjuster that comes with the card . One thing I would like to point out , though , is that I was amazed at how impressive the Anti-Aliasing can be -- in most games , it 's even more impressive than resolution.THE GOOD POINTS 1 -RRB- The Anti-Aliasing rocks on most of my games , providing nice , smooth images with no jagged edges , even in low rez . The feature even helps in high rez ! 2 -RRB- If the AA causes trouble with a particular game , I can easily turn it off . 3 -RRB- It 's a fast card . 4 -RRB- It jacks directly to the power supply which will help prevent the brown outs associated with some mother boards . 5 -RRB- It has two cooling fans -LRB- one for each processor -RRB- so it wo n't overheat like some of the early Voodoo3 cards did.THE BAD POINTS
 One of the facts I was forced to live with was that my motherboard and that of most of my friends who owned a Socket7 PC , was browning out due to the pull of nVidias cards and their ilk . They just couldnt handle the energy requirements ... this caused random reboots if my winmodem was pulling to much gas ... basicly . . just browned out . Also resolution would fail on a cold boot . . I had my desktop at 1024x768 , and it would boot into the 600x800 settings . . When I got my V5 5500 , it jacks INTO THE POWER SUPPLY . . BYPASSING THIS PROBLEM INSTANTLY ! You get a card that rocks . . best image quality and no brownouts . . does nVida have that ? I DONT THINK SO . Voodoo forever !
 Ok , if you have n't heard of the latest voodoo 5 cards , where have you been ! The deal is this , lately i have been wanting a better video card than the one i have now wich is a V3 3000 AGP card . It works pretty good and everything but i want better performance on my games . This card and the Voodoo 5 6k will be 3DfX 's assasins for the Geforce and Geforce 2 Cards . At first i was n't sure if i should switch to the Geforce 2 but after i saw a lot of reviews and opinions i knew 3dfx was the one to go with . A recent challenge that happened was that they faced a PC with an athlon 700 mhz processor with a 3dfx V5 5500 AGP against another one with a Geforce 2 . They were n't labeled or anything and they asked people wich one looked better -LRB- i think they were testing the cards Anti aliasing -RRB- Without knowing most of them chose the computer with the voodoo 5 ! It looked better and was faster . And another thing , the Geforce had 4x FSAA -LRB- better quality of course -RRB- and the Voodoo 5 had 2x and it still looked better than the geforce at 4x ! Guess the geforce 's AA is n't compared to 3dfx 's huh ? Oh and something else , the voodoo 5 even cost less than the geforce 2 -LRB- about 50 bucks less -RRB- Well i 'm happy because i should be getting my voodoo 5 any day now and i 'm gon na love it ! If you want the best thing out there go for the voodoo 5 6k -LRB- if you have the money -RRB- but if you ca n't afford it go for the 5500 ... it 's a great buy !
 As anyone can see on their website -LRB- www.3dfx.com -RRB- , 3dfx went under . I strongly suggest you try as hard as you can to get your hands on this piece of hardware . It 's simply a wonderful board . The graphics are wonderful , likely because of 3dfx 's solid engineering . Everything this company did was great . It was a major shock to discover this company will be gone shortly . As for the hardware , it is excellant . There is one downside -LRB- and this is why I did n't give it a perfect score -RRB- , it has no S-Video out like the V3 3000 AGP . After this one I do n't know who i 'll buy my graphics cards from . The great company that was 3dfx will not be there .
 I had a voodoo2 PCI with 12 MB of RAM . It was fine and I could even play demanding games today like Unreal Tournament and Half Life with good frame rates and resolution . Then I went out and bought a Voodoo5500 AGP with 64 MB of RAM . I have no idea what the difference technically compared to a VooDoo2 , except that the VooDoo5500 has 2 chips . I played my games that I always play and guess what ? I found no difference at all except that I could play games in higher resolutions like 1024x768 in 32 bit mode and it would be smooth . But , it could n't handle Ground Control in 32 bit mode on 1024x768 . It was too choppy . But other then that , all my other games that I play
 I am sick and tired of stupid marketing words like FPS , mtexels/sec , fill rate , and mip-mapping . It 's all junk and worthless.I bought this card because the GeForce cards are very picky about motherboards and voltage settings . I do n't know about you , but I do n't have the time nor the inclination to change my voltage settings or AGP aperture size.The V5 installed in 1 minute and it has n't crashed on me once since I started using it.I play Unreal Tournament all the time now with all the details maxed out and it never slows down.Get this card if you are sick and tired of computer add-ons not working and spending time on msg boards looking for answers to ridiculous questions.The card is easy to install , stable , and will run any game you have smoothly.That 's it , it 's just that simple .
 ... you really ca n't go wrong with this card . You may find it difficult to get acceptable frame rates with 4x FSAA in some of the most punishing games , but when you can use it the results are mind boggling . It even lets you force ANY Glide games to run in 32 bit color . Anybody up for some Unreal Tournament in 32 bit color with ultra smooth `` Glide '' framerates ? I thought so . As far as raw speed goes , the Voodoo 5 is technically just a hair behind the GeForce2 cards , yet does it really matter ? With the Voodoo 5 you get REAL FSAA and 32 bit Glide support at a slightly cheaper price . Finally , the hardware DVD assist does a fine job . I 'm watching movies in 1152x864 with no frame dropping . Previously I had a TNT -LRB- 1 -RRB- running DVD 's at 800x600 and the Software decoder relied entirely on my P III 450 . It was really sad to see the Matrix with severe frame dropping . As a test , I rented it again and it plays perfectly with the Voodoo 5 . You 've seen the benchmarks , you 've seen the hype , now see it for yourself . You ca n't go wrong with this card . Naturally , better cards are always on the way , but you have to choose to buy sometime or you will be waiting forever .
 While it may be a very intresting war between the v5 and GeForce2 fans . Keep this in mind . On almost ALL socket7 boards the nVidia boards draw to much juice off the motherboard causing brownouts and resolution fading on the load of your OS . The Voodoo5 5500 has a cable that jacks INTO your powersupply to eliminate that feed problem . Thus this board is a Socket7 friendly board . . That and it just PLAIN RIPS . I got one . . and for those of you who want to actually ENJOY THE GRAPHICS and not just pure frames . . go with Voodoo5 . . GeForce2 is just plain ugly in comparison . Voodoo all the way baby .
 Four Words - Full Screen Anti-Aliasing -LRB- FSAA -RRB- . This card does it the best . The drivers are rock-solid , and FSAA works with every game I own , in Direct3D or Glide . What 's more , FSAA makes older games look better , which is important to me as I check out the bargin bin every now and again . Although the Geforce2 is faster , it 's also more expensive , does n't work with as many games , and it 's FSAA is n't as good.If you have never seen FSAA in motion , it removes the jagged edges in 3D games , making the game look like it is running at a much sharper resolution than it actually is . Depending on the game , this makes a big difference . For example , Homeworld has a lot of straight-line laser beams contrasting sharply with the darkness of space , and is hugely improved with FSAA . Older games that do n't support high resolutions will look sharp as a whistler with 4x FSAA . Newer games with more detail and thus more edges will also benefit.FSAA is not the same as turning up the resolution . Running a game at 640x480 with 4x FSAA looks better than 1200x800 , because the basic problems of any resolution are effectively erased . However , FSAA wo n't make distance objects have the same detail as a super high resolution , but unless you are a hardcore online sniper , you 'll prefer the FSAA . However , FSAA will do nothing for old , blurry textures . They will look exactly the same as before . If there are jagged edges inside a texture , they will remain.The Voodoo5 5500 also supports 32 bit color and large texture compression , although I still am not finding a lot of games that support large textures yet . It does n't support hardware T&L , but no game supports this fully yet . Also , the card is BIG - like Sound Blaster 16 big . Get the measurements , and check the size of your computer case before you buy it .
 I 'm running a system with an ASUS P3V4X board , a Celeron 300a @ 464 , 128MB RAM , and I was excited though still somewhat skeptical over this new product from 3dfx when I removed my venerable Voodoo3 and installed the Voodoo5 . Just like the Voodoo3 , the Voodoo5 installed without incident . With the exception of a couple display problems in Half-Life that I solved after a few adjustments this newest addition to the 3dfx line is a winner.Admittedly I was n't very convinced about FSAA at first , having to rely on screenshots and comments from many `` experts '' who 've never seen the card in action , and I was also tempted by the speed of the Voodoo5 's competitor GeForce 2 . Well , after installing the 3dfx Tools software , and firing up the 4-sample FSAA I was stunned at what I saw.The magnificent vistas in the games Jedi Knight and Rogue Squadron were shockingly realistic , closeups of the Imperial Walkers and TIE Fighters were so impressive I can only describe them as jaw-dropping . Half-Life , terrifying enough as it was , took on a whole new aspect , especially on the inter-dimensional levels.The racing games Beetle Buggin and Episode 1
 The Voodoo 5 5500 AGP is one of the best overall video cards i have ever seen , with its 2D and 3D capabilitys outstanding , the 64megs of onboard SDRAM and two seprate processors . This is a great card if you need both a good 3D card -LRB- for graphics and games -RRB- and 2D card -LRB- for MPEGS , Quicktime , or Windows Media files -RRB- . Along with its great price it is defenatly worth it . But if you want an even stronger card buy the Voodoo 5 6000 AGP which will be almost twice as much as the 5500 . Personally i would go for the 5500 .
 3dfx 's Voodoo5 5500 is a masterpiece of silicon engineering . This final iteration of the venerable Voodoo Graphics core has been reworked and retooled into the VSA-100 chip -LRB- Voodoo Scalable Architecture -RRB- . The board uses two VSA-100 chips in SLI -LRB- Scanline Interleave Mode -RRB- and comes equipped with 64MB of SDRAM . The core clock speed runs at 166MHz while the RAMDAC refreshes at 350MHz . It can process two pixels per clock which means it has a maximum theoretical fill rate of 667 megatexels per second.The Voodoo5 5500 finally supports a full OpenGL driver as well 32-bit true color in 3D . Additionally it also supports 3dfx 's exclusive T-Buffer technology , which allows for visual tricks such as softshadows , depth-of-field blur , motion blur , and soft reflections . The biggest feature touted is it 's hardware-based full scene anti-aliasing . Anti-aliasing is a feature that smoothes out jagged lines in a 3D game scene , allowing for a much more realistic image . However , there 's a performance hit when this feature is enabled ; thus 3dfx gives the user the option of using 2X or 4X anti-aliasing . Basically this means that either two or four samples are jittered together to smooth out the scene . Games look magnificent with this feature enabled but flight sims , space combat sims , and racing sims seem to enjoy higher frame rates with it enabled also.Nvidia 's GeForce2 GTS-based cards are faster in terms of raw performance and they even support anti-aliasing . The difference is that it 's not supported in hardware -LRB- it 's software based -RRB- and it does n't work as well in Direct3D as it does in OpenGL ; 3dfx 's solution works well in OpenGL , Glide , and Direct3D and it works with nearly every game currently available . Moreover , the driver suite is quite stable and the image quality is much better than any video card on the market -LRB- with the possible exception of ATI or Matrox -RRB- . As a plus , you can find the card for well under the suggested retail price or $ 300 dollars with a little searching on the Internet.The Voodoo5 5500 is your best bet for new video card . It 's fast in 3D as well as 2D -LRB- Word , Excel -RRB- , ships with stable drivers backed excellent tech support , and can be found for a cheaper price than some of the GeForce2-based cards currently out there . Get this card and begin to sing its praises !!
 Let 's be honest . GeForce2 is a great card but it does not compare to the oomph of Voodoo5 . Yes its true that nVidia recently bought over 3Dfx but that only proves that nVidia knows the potential of their patents . The dual VSA100 chips give you a LOT of juice for the programs that actually use the power of Voodoo5.Keep in mind that you will , invariably , notice a fine difference in everything you see , including web sites . The colors are `` truer '' and more vibrant . But like a new hammer do not try to view everything using the FSAA -LRB- Full Scene Anti Aliasing -RRB- . One the best games I can suggest that will allow you the enjoy the revolutionary architecture of V5 is Diablo2 . The game is breathtaking with the FSAA and the T-Buffer renders cinematic interludes so beautifully , you got ta see it to believe.As someone who really does not count himself in either the nVidia or 3dfx camp , take it from me that Voodoo5 is the best card you can buy out there now .
 I have had this card for sometime , and I 'm constantly hearing people saying how slow this card is . I 'm not sure what there problem is , but the card really flys . There have been some recent developments with the drivers for this card that look extremely promising . People have always said that the Voodoo5 5500 ca n't beat the Geforce2 GTS in Quake 3 . We 'll I have just seen some new drivers from 3DFX that enables HSR suppport that can get your FPS higher than that of a Geforce2 GTS cards when running high resolutions/color bits like 1280x1024 and 1600x1200 . It also even allows game to run faster using the Voodoo5 's Full Scene Antialiasing . I do n't want to say that this card beats the Geforce 2 GTS in pure power , but as the drivers improves , 3DFX is giving us gamers alot more options and the possibility to acheive even better performance . So if you are n't getting this card because some guy as Babbages or at your local computer tells you it sucks , get the GTS ... look at him and say `` This is my money , and I 'm going to get whatever card will serve me better now '' And I think after you get the Voodoo5 , you will be really impressed with the options and the performance of the card , not to mention how easily it is to setup and run all you favorite games!Don ' t be fooled by the hype ... make up your own mind and you 'll see that the V5 5000 is one hella card!l8r
 As you will see in many reviews that the Voodoo 5500 does n't have the `` horsepower '' of the G-Force 2 GTS . This is totally true from the speed side of the house -LRB- has a higher pixel fill rate -RRB- . The difference between them is simple . If you like video games just to aimlessly run around a maze like a mouse trying to shoot other people you might want to consider the G-Force series cards . But if enjoy the effects , awesome detail and flowing graphics along with some of the most stable drivers in the industry THIS IS THE CARD FOR YOU . If you have seen my review of the Voodoo 4500 PCI card you know I like what the Voodoo series of cards can do . Since the 4500 , I have upgraded my motherboard and it now supports AGP expansion . So I looked and finally bought the 5500 AGP . I can not believe the QUALITY of the hardware and drivers ! That should be 5 stars alone . The FSAA does work and some uneducated people call this `` full sceen blurring '' untrue . The effect FSAA has on games is incredible ! 3DFX is sadly now just a page of numbers at NVIDIA corp. . I have trust in them to produce cards that are diverse like continuing the Voodoo line and not just a Voodoo/G-Force hybrid . If you find this card and look at the scenes when playing a game instead of just beating it then pick it up and by the way it is less money then the older G-Force 2 GTS try and buy a GTS `` PRO '' or `` Ultra '' for the same price . Hope this helps .
 When I got this card , it was because of my friend who told me it ruled . But now that I actually looked some stuff up , GeForce is nothing in comparison . Why get a card that you have to change settings for , when you can get one that 's better and pops right in . I think that says enough in itself .
 Well , VooDoo has the numbers , 5 vs. 2 ! < that 's a joke , laugh ! > Anyway , I have always been pretty loyal to the VooDooline of video cards , but i have to step back a little bit here . Sure the VooDoo5 may look better due to Anti-Aliasing , and it may have cool little effects and stuff builting , but is it really better?The games may be faster and look sharper , bu twhat about people that want a great card for both gaming and general use . Where does the VooDoo fall there?I have a VooDoo3 2000 right now , so ANYTHING would be a vast improvement , but I am stuck . Get the GeForce2 with TV-Out , built in GPU , and 256-bit proccessor , or the 64MB Ram and four on-board processors the VooDoo has to offer ? I personally am not huge on software and could go with an OEM GeForce2 card , thus saving money from the VooDoo5 , but should I?Where am I going with this ? Well , nowhere I guess . Just thinking outloud more than anything . Word of advice to everyone though , actually a few words . RESEARCH ! Do n't just read what people on Amazon say , check out things like ... newsgroups for real-world opinions . Do n't be sold by the marketing , look at the facts . Get benchmarks , get real user opinion , get anything you can . From there , figure out what is best for you , not what other people say is better for you.Also , Exodus has been posting about a better card on the horizon . While things like this are cool to know , do n't let it stop you from buying the card you want . Like someone else stated , you can wait forever and better cards will keep coming out , but you will eventually have to buy one of them , or sit with no computer for a long time . They are always working on better cards , and talking about them WAY before release . Remember the first utterings of the VooDoo5 `` The GeForce Killer '' , and we are finally seeing it now . If you want it , get it . If yopu ca n't afford it , wait for the price to drop or get something cheaper . EVERYONE needs a video card , weather it 's the best or not.Sorry for rambling on , but everyone needs to stay informed . I just wanted to stress that , and hopefully get some responses from people with GeForce2 and VooDoo5 cards . Also , I do n't know how either of them is doing for Linux support right now , but that may be another thing you might want to think about ... . the thought go on . Sorry.Hope this was at least a little helpful to someone ...
 This is the most brilliant cards EVER . Please ignore the warnings from exodus as he is reffering to the voodoo5 6000 not the 5500 . Firstly , the 6000 will be approximately $ 600 instead of $ 300 for the 5500 . Everything I have seen about the 5500 is awesome , and , * crosses fingers * mine should be in my machine within the next 3 weeks . BUY THIS CARD ! It is a no bullsh * t card . Others may ask you to modify things such as volages within your PC . Now for some people , this is plain impossible as they are either too scared or simply can not be bothered . This card is no nonsence , plug it in and then get on with the games ! BUY THIS CARD OR YOU WILL BE SORRY !
 ok well im a 15 year old who loves computer games like unreal tournament and avp . when i want a good card with image quality and frame rated i want a v4 or v5 . so what if the v5 isnt as fast as the geforcce 2 gts the gts has a lot of compatibility problems while 3dfx doesnt . and the v4 not being as good as the geforce 2 mx . only in fast mode the mx beat the v4 by about 20 or so frames but when in high quality the mx had over a 40 frame drop ! the system was a 550 celeron overclocked to 850 and 128 MB pc133 ram . the v4 in high quality got a little over 63 frames while the mx got a little over 66 . the v4 had a perfromance hit but not as bad as the mx . plus the v4 had better image quality . my 2 censt
 I am very happy with this product as it gives me assurance and peace of mind that all of my photos will last -LRB- at least -RRB- my lifetime on these discs -LRB- or so they promise -RRB- . It has been difficult for me to locate any `` archival '' quality discs in local stores . Once I found out that other -LRB- cheaper/regular -RRB- discs may lose data over time , I freaked . I only found out about `` archival quality '' discs by accident on Amazon . After using them -LRB- and reading the description -RRB- , I felt confident enough in these to actually `` delete '' several GIGS of yearly photo albums from my computer into my recycle bin AND then , permanently delete THAT from my computer ! Now that 's confidence ! Anyone who knows me and my picture taking OBSESSION would be the first in line to buy these , if they needed them !
 This is the first time that I have used the Q-Copy Replacement Cartridge in my Canon PC -LRB- E-40 -RRB- . The price was reasonable and I am satisfied with the quality of copies that I have made so far . I recommend this brand for routine copying . I have no complaints and intend to purchase it again !!!
 This is a great CD Player for teh price , i do n't know what these people are talking about , the shock protection works very well . and the earphones are also great . The Cd player is not expensive which makes it even more better .
 This is a great product . It sounds great.This is the best buy for -LSB- theprice -RSB- . I love mine . I like it so much I ordered two . You shouldbuy one now !
 I recommend this to anybody who is looking for a sharp looking cd player . I 've had this for 1 week now and so far it 's been great . The sound is nice and the headphones are great and they match too !
 I JUST got this for Christmas and I love it ! It has a good sound , and the Anti-skip actually works unlike OTHER products ! It also is in cool - icy colors wich is basically `` in '' ! Trust me , your kid will love it ! If not for Christmas , Birthday , Chanuka , just because , a good job , or to show off to he/her friends ! : -RRB-
 This cd player is great . color is magnif ! bass boost is sick . and it does n't skip !
 This Portable CD player is fat , it has a cool see through blue casing . Works well it has a clear sound and has sweet ear phones ,
 Whenever I took my CD player around , many people were like `` Cool CD player ! Where 'd You get it ? '' Too bad my sister took over it and uses it in her Mustang -LRB- a.k.a. `` The Stang '' -RRB-
 I 've had mine for alittle while and it kicks ass ! Never skips and sounds great . I would have gave this 5 stars but the headphones suck -LRB- sure they look good but suck -RRB- . The one thing it needs is a battery indicator , But overall this best cd player out there for the price !
 I do n't know what that guy was thinking ... getting his five-year-old son a cd player ?! The thing broke ! Not because of Koss ! Anyway , it 's the best cd player ! -LRB- Though I do n't have purple . The green is cool . -RRB- I 've never had a problem with mine , and it 's been three months . Good sound , not scratchy at all and it has a 40-second anti-skip function ! Great for traveling . So what the hell was that guy saying ? -- Anyway , it 's the best CD player ever ... it 's a gem not to be used by little kids ! Just get them casette players in the future ... !
 I have n't had a single problem with this player yet . The anti-shock works great . The sound is great , but the volume maximum could be louder . Therefore I give it 4 stars . Definitely worth the price !!!
 This is an excellent CD player for the money . It is a trim , good looking , light weight unit with very decent sound quality and easy access controls . The bass boost is great and an excellent enhancement feature . The sound quality is pure and clear . The unit is easy to open , and the CD pops in and out effortlessly . The headphones are comfortable , and the anti-skip mechanism works like a dream . While the unit does lack a resume feature , at this price that should not be a deal breaker.I know that some reviewers have complained about battery drainage , but I play it for days on end on battery power and have not had that problem . In fact , I have had no trouble with this CD player . I absolutely love it !
 Ofcoarse I 've seen better but this is one of the best so far . With 40 sec protection , it will go along way without missin a beat . I would recomend to take this anywhere including a bus where it may be a little bumpy . Over-all , I 'd rate this product a 9/10
 its a great cd player and i love it and i really like the colors and i was very suprised at how well it worked for such a low price , i was astounded . i think the one thing that i didnt like was the colors , i thought they were kind of girly but that was only on a few i looked at . the one i got i liked the headphones are nice quality also for your ultimate listening enjoyment .
 This is the first CD player I 've ever had and I love it!It has great sound with dynamic boost base . It does skip once in a while , but not very much . If you turn the volume all the way up without base on you can hear clearly . Although it 's not very clear if you have max volume with base on . I 've only had it for a few days but overall I think it 's a great CD player and if you want a CD player with awesome looks and colors , get this one !!
 Because of the low price , I was worried that this portable CD player would break soon after purchase , or the sound would be terrible , or it would eat batteries ... something had to be wrong with it at that price , I thought . But after using it for a month I can say with confidence that it is a fine CD player -- much better than the Sony I had before , which cost three times as much . The Koss CD player spent an entire day with a six-year-old girl who dropped it repeatedly , and it emerged unscathed . I recently sent it sailing off my kitchen table to crash into my hardwood floor , and again it was completely fine . Great sound , very sturdy and you ca n't beat the price .
 i had the model 1659 -LRB- same as the 1689 but with 10 sec of ASP -RRB- which lasted about 8 months . it almost turned me off koss until i saw this on sale.a huge improvement over that design - better placement of the controls , a door latch assembly that is n't just waiting to fall off , recessed play/stop buttons that are n't so easily tripped when the player is stuffed into a carrying case.my only mechanical complaint would be the adaptor jack - mercifully placed on the other side of the case , but the plug only goes about halfway into the socket . electrically i 'm sure it 's fine , just disconcerting to see it like that.the electronics are about the same - some hiss but much less , and it seems more forgiving about slightly scratched CDs . headphones are great , with a cute `` bondi blue '' touch to them.for the bucks , a good deal .
 Ive had this cd player for about a week now , and i really like it . It sounds good and it had a low price tag . The shock protection is excellent -LRB- try leaving it on a table while a stuborn little brother does his work -RRB- and the 40 seconds are great to have in case your in a car -LRB- or bus -RRB- thats on a bumpy road . The only drawback is this , it is a little less durable than i 'd like it to be . Koss should have hinged the lid instead of using the spring . But I know it wont come off when it is closed thanks to the open switch -LRB- it is really nice because it eliminates the chance of it opening in my pocket or book bag -RRB- But that makes little difference . The cd player and headphones are attractive and the entire design is well done . I applaud Koss for their work on this cd player .
 I have prior expeirience with several products . I started with a sony cd player 5 years ago that had no skip protection . i went to aiwa shortly later that had none either . after a while i stumpled upon a cd player with 10 sec skip protect . the cd player worked great , and skip protection protected for a max of about 6 seconds . and this was another sony ! this koss cdplayer , which i bought a few weeks ago , has shock protection that lasts up to 30 seconds , and even is somewhat shock proof without the skip proof on . i dont know what these people are talking about , this cd player looks great , sounds great -LRB- awesome bass ! -RRB- and the shock protection works better than even a 100 dollar sony i bought earlier ! i recommend this for anyone who wants to get great sound for less money .
 This CD player has a great weight and feel to it , and it look awsome to . It plays CD 's super and has a very crisp sound . I got this to replace my Sony Discman , and with the replacement , There are some missing features that are hard to live without . This CD Player doesnt have a `` resume '' function that allows you to pick up off the place on the CD where you left off , and the biggest missing feature is a Battery Indicator , so you have absolutly no idea what condition your batteries are in . I will now be forced to take an extra pair of batteries with me wherever I go in case they go dead on me . But overall , its worth the money , and a good CD player ! You can always trust Koss
 Hello , thanks for reading this . I am reviewing the Koss CDP1740A Blue Portable CD Player . I just got this today , and at first glance it looked like I got a wonderful buy . I brought it home from the post office , stuck my cd in and also my batteries , closed the cd lid , hit play button and nothing happend ... I put the batteries in as the diagram showed , I hit play like the instructions showed ... what happend ? Maybe I had bad batteries . So I inserted the DC power , it worked fine . Ok so it is the batteries I thought , so I put a differant brand in , hmmm , it still did not work . OK so time to do some thinking , I put the batteries in backwords to what the diagram showed , hey it ` s working ! So the circuitry was backwords , no big deal . Other wise it ` s a GREAT cd player , the blue color is awsome . I say that you buy this , but not right away look around a little more and you will see that this is the best one for the price but most importantly the quality ! Thank you again for reading this and I hope that you make the right decision in buying this great cd player . Thank ` s Amazon.com !
 This CD player is phat . It 's got sweet headphones , nice sound , and 40 sec . anti-shock protection . Its see-through ice blue cover is cool . It has an extremely low price for a CD player of this quality and these features . If I had to choose between this CD player and any other of the same price , I 'd buy this one immediately . Go out and buy it now !
 Nice sounding , nice looking , and definitely a great deal at this price . I ca n't believe it has the 40 sec anti-skip at this price . And these are hard to come by in local stores as they sell out super fast . Great for a gift too . If the other colors ever become available soon I will buy another one for myself this time -LRB- I need different colors so I know which one is mine and which is my son 's ! -RRB- I was actually looking for a blue one at first but purple looks good too -RRB- And a suggestion - buy some CDs here at the same time as it works out to an even better deal because of the shipping .
 This cute discman manufactured by Koss have a 40 sec memory for the hard bus time . The overall sound quality is ok and there 's a bass boost option that work very well . Beside the cool design , I have to admit that the headphones are not the finest one but remember that price of this Koss player is the Panasonic and Sony 40 sec . models price divided by two !
 This player is a wonderful purchase , with outstanding features . It has an indicator to let you know when your battery is getting low . Also the anti skit feature is wonderful , now the player never skips . It also has a hold button , so if you have an annoying sibling that thinks it is funny to change your song or stop the payer , they cant do it . all and all it is a great buy
 this cd player is great , it offers 40-second antiskip bass bosst system and different programable modes.it also has an ac adaptor , and to top it all off it looks cool .
 This is the best cd player you could ever have.Iv had one for a year and their where no problems at all
 this is thing is nice . you got ta buy it
 I think it looks tight -LRB- for all of you out there that are n't in with the teenage `` lingo '' that means cool -RRB- . I like the whole clear-blue thing that it has goin ' on . It has a low price too , compared to all the other cd players that are like it .
 I enjoy the koss cd very much . How do I get an owners manual or can you send the page to my address . ThanxEv .
 I bought this cd player about 8 months ago , and I 've never looked back . Great sound , easy to use . It 's pretty good at not skipping even when the anti-skip is turned off . Sure I 've dropped it a few times , accidentally - no problems caused by that at all . The only problem I have with it is that lately when I hit the button to try to get to the next track , instead of advancing , each press of the button cycles through the modes ! I figure it 's because the `` mode '' button is right next to it , and I use it A LOT . However , I plan to replace it with the same CD player because I love it so ! If you 're going to buy a CD player - make it this one !
 This CD player replaced my Discman , and its simply great . From the ice-blue case -LRB- pretty good after all those gray CD players -RRB- to its light weight and nice feel , this is a great portable player for all those long outings and trips . Only problem , as some others have mentioned - no resume button . But its good enough without , so I would recommend it to anybody .
 I originally rated this 4 stars -- even bought 2 of the units . As it turns out , they break easily . With normal use they usually give out in 6 months or less -- skipping is the first sign , then the ` stop ' button wo n't work . It looks great and has a simple interface -- too bad they only last for a few months . Think of it as a disposable unit and you 'll be happy .
 Well , I purchased this cd player about a month ago . It 's the best player I 've ever heard . The headphones deliver the most crisp and clear sound I 've ever heard . The buttons are easy to use and it absolutely WONT skip . The design is awesome . I was listening to it on the subway and this total stranger came up and started asking me all these questions about it because he thought it was so cool looking ! It 's a little flimsy , if you push the top up hard it will snap off , but it wo n't do that when its closed because it has a open switch . The other drawback is that it eats up batteries like crazy . I went through 8 batteries in 2 weeks ! But the adapter is helpful and it 's all worth it ! ... If you want a great cd player at an unbeatable price , you 've found it !
 The player seems durable and plays like a charm . Bass soundsgood , anti-shock feature has not failed on me yet ! Although looksare n't EVERYTHING , this thing is one of the most visually pleasing discmans I 've ever seen . Operates just as well ! ... It is an overall exceptional portable CD Player that will be suitable for any situation . END
 This is the best CD player I have used . Before I bought this , I had a Nichei CD player with no anti-shock and very flimsy construction -LRB- I returned it for a full refund ... This is an excellent little player with all the features I like -LRB- the random feature is my favourite . -RRB- It gives crystal clear sound , feels very well constructed and comes in a wicked blue-green transparent colour . My minor quibbles are :1 . It eats batteries like mad -LRB- 2 Energizers in 3 hours . -RRB- 2 . The headphones that come with it are the most flimsy ever -LRB- although they give outstanding sound quality -RRB- 3 . It was relatively expensive4 . The Anti Shock gets emptied every time you pause -LRB- but I like the anti-shock meter on the LCD -RRB- These quibbles are what caused me to give this product 4 stars instead of 5 , but for the price , I at least got a 12-month warranty -LRB- not 3 months like you Americans . -RRB- I must comment on the Anti shock , it is excellent , when on the CD player does n't miss a beat -LRB- When it is off though , it skips like crazy . -RRB- Overall , an outstanding and excellent CD player . I would strongly recommend it to anyone . I have n't had it for long , though , so I will just have to wait and see how long it lasts.Thanks for reading this review ; I hope it helps you with your purchase .
 I bought this for my fiancee back in October and it rocks . The sound is fantastic ! For once the headphones on a low-priced player equal the output of the player . I could n't be more pleased . Great bass and full sound . My fiancee tells me she constantly gets compliments on the look of the player as well . ... -LSB- You -RSB- ca n't beat the price . If you do n't care about listening to the radio or other unnecessary extras , then this is the CD player for you.I do n't want to argue with the guy who gave the player to his kid who then dropped it -- I 'm sure it 's not the most durable thing in the world -- but who gives a CD player to a five and a half year old?Word to the wise , always put the anti-skip on .
 this cd player is great ! 40 second anti-skip , ac adapter and headphones makes it a great buy for its price . it also only runs on two AA batteries that makes it very economical.And to top this sweet deal off it has RAD colors
 This CD player rox ! It : * Will not skip-has 40 sec . anti-skip plus advanced shock protection * Comes with unbeatable headphones-they are the most crisp and clear-sounding headphones around-even better than some Sony headphones * Has alot of features , such as hold , pause , play , stop , track-finder , program , mode , repeat , and more . * Looks awesome * is priced at a great price for such a good discmanBad things ? There is n't a one ! If your looking for an awesome discman at an unbeatable price , you 've found it-it 's right here !
 I just got this CD player today and I must say , it 's prettygood . The 40 sec Anti-Shock works like a charm . The features -LRB- Hold ,20 track Programable , etc. -RRB- are common for most CD players but there one thing going in this one 's favor , it 's relatively cheap ... not that bad of a deal . In fact I got this one and the CDP1740A -LRB- the blue one -RRB- and am quite happy with the purchase .
 This CD player is great . The forty second anti-skip works perfectly . I use it when I go bike riding and to this day i have never had it skip . Even when the anti-skip is off the skiping is still very low . I bought 4 NiMh rechargable batteries and a charger . I just use a pair and charger the other so when the first two run out I just pop in the other two . It has saved me alot of money doing so . I highly recommend this CD player .
 i LOVED IT . IAM BUYING A NEW ONE FOR I LOST MY OLD ONE . I LOVE IT 'S LOOKS BUT MORE IT 'S SOUND . I AM SURPRISED IT IS NOT AT LEAST OVER 100 BUCKS . THE SOUND IS CRYSTAL CLEAR AND SHARP AND OVERALL ENJOYABLE.ADVICE
 As soon as i got the player i loved it . My old player was a GPX , and i got it like fie years ago , so i desided it was time to invest in a new one . I picked this one because it had a reasonable price , and it looked really nice . It is a beautifull player , and it plays just as well . It was much more compact than the other one , which was really nice . It is pretty slim , and the matching head phones are great , and they play well too
 This CD player is great ! IT looks cool , does n't skip , has the best sound quality I 've ever heard , and it 's cheap !
 Another great product by Koss . All of my cd players are made by this wonderful company . As you can see in the picture it is designed with the fashion loving Electronics enthusiast in mind . This CD player comines affordability , style and quality into a nice blue casing . This is a must have for anyone who wants to listen to their music in style , quality , and value .
 If you 're bummed out be-Koss you could n't buy the blue CD player , go for the purple or the green ! The sound quality is worth 3 times the price , and the anti-skip really works . This is one of the best purchases I 've made . Enjoy!PS
 I ordered this player , read other customer reviews -LRB- true , I should have done those first -RRB- , and became scared . I then waited anxiously for it to arrive , dreading the moment I would have to send it back because a -RRB- it would n't work , b -RRB- it ruined some CDs , c -RRB- the headphones snapped , d -RRB- all of these . Well , I received it a couple days ago , and I must say , I am VERY pleased . Read on ... 1 -RRB- The sound is one of the most crisp , most clear of all the discmans I 've owned . -LRB- And I 've had two Sonys and a Memorex . -RRB- Considering the price , the sound is excellent ! 2 -RRB- True , the plastic headphones are brittle and flimsy , but they have n't cracked , and it 's not as though they 're overly strained just sitting on my head .3 -RRB- I 've played both commercial CDs and my own CD-Rs in it , and they did just that ... played . No problem at all . Considering the quantity of CD-Rs I own -LRB- it 's up in the triple digits -RRB- , I would n't keep it if I thought it 'd ruin them .4 -RRB- This little monster 's main fault is that it gobbles up batteries . So far , Energizer e-squared AA 's have worked the best , around 3 + hours .5 -RRB- The door does not easily snap off -LRB- I do n't know how one would get it off except to pull it backwards manually -RRB- . Nor does it open while playing CDs ; it 's just as sturdy as any other.Over all , considering the price , this is a GREAT buy . The green Koss is a safe , sound buy , unless you plan on toying with the headphones or pulling at the door while listening to a CD . It 's the blue Koss that has so many flaws . -LRB- Look at its customer reviews ; I wrote one about it , too . -RRB- If you really want a discman that you can take jogging and that will last you for years to come , buy a Sony . Both of mine have yet to break down -LRB- one is at least 10 years old -RRB- , but I thought this little one would be nice for summer . This green Koss , however , is an excellent , durable buy , and it wo n't put a hole in your pocket . -LRB- And it 's always returnable if you have serious problems with it ... -RRB-
 I think this cd player was great ; even though I 'm 10 years old , I can have an opinion . When I first got it my mom and I went for a test drive in our car . It only skipped once on the biggest bump , but besides that , it was awesome ! Its bass boost has a super quality and has all the gadgets you can think of in a CD player . I highly recommended this product . It is better than my brother 's SONY and his cost more ! : -RRB-
 This player is fantastic ... it has a see-through blue cover with the controls on top , superb quality , and pretty nice matching headphones . It would have been nice to have a battery indicator , but this is quite worth the low price ... you could buy many other players for the same price that did n't remotely compare to this one .
 This is a very good cd player . The two drawbacks are it uses a lot of batteries and is hard to turn off . There is no power swich and to turn it off , one must continually press the `` stop '' button . Other than that , it 's grrrreat .
 I love my new lens and being able to take close up shots is so fantastic !! It is a great lens and I have some great pictures with this lens . Jimmy Buffet concerts , benefits , etc. , you name it and this lens has helped me to capture the moment .
 I have been very pleased with this lens as it gives me the range needed to photograph animals and scenes here in East Africa . The difference in picture quality between this lens and the factory lens is quite remarkable , even for an amateur photographer like myself . The autofocus mechanism is fast and quiet , and although the length and weight are a little much , it just took me a few days to get used to it . I would highly recommend this lens to other amateurs that are looking for quality and focal length .
 This lens is fantastic . I 'm not a professional photographer . I 'm not even a good amateur , but this lens and the T3i camera sure do make me look like one.If you like pictures with sharply focused subjects and slightly blurry backgrounds , this lens does that , too !
 Gave it as gift this Christmas . Have seen the pictures that she took and they are awesome . Wild turkeys come in their back yard and it is long enough to give her a shot . A larger aperture would be better but this is a very good lens at this price .
 This is a super sharp high quality lens . I am just amazed the picture quality , at par with L lens . I even use this lens for portraits and results are even better than 50mm 1.4 that I own . The USM is really fast even at 300mm and IS really works for handheld shots . For a price under 500 , this lens is a great investment .
 lens was a good working and functioning lens for distace slightly noisy but did not scare or disturb subject at distances of twenty feet or more
 If you want to reach out and grab something , this is the lens for you ! I photograph sporting events and it puts me right there with the players ! Great investment !
 The Canon EF 70-300mm F/4 -5.6 IS USM Lens has a useful focal length range , small size , light weight , midrange price and effective Image Stabilization . It is relatively small -LRB- 76.5 x 142.8 mm / 3.0 x 5.6 '' retracted -RRB- and light -LRB- 630 g / 22.2 oz -RRB- for its range and fits nice a Canon EOS body . Build quality is similar with my EF-S 17-85mm F/4 -5.6 IS USM -- i.e. decent
 I did add a 2x extension -LRB- ~ 600mm -RRB- and was able to take some excellent Lunar photos which impressed even me .
 This is the best lens you get for the money . I ca n't believe how great and easy it is to use . I used it to take pictures of my son playing soccer and I could zoom him right up and get close up 's that I could not have gotten with a regular lens . Love this lens ... C. Kemp
 With this lens , I can capture very nice pictures of my kids/nephew/niece . The IS work wells . Handling is good . Bokeh is what I expected.The only thing that I like to have is the Full-Time Manual Focus which it does n't have .
 Lens was all I had hoped for , performed great when just shooting hand held on solid land or when bobbing around in a kayak . Excellent wild-life and scenery shots under varying conditions and distances .
 Great lens for the price . Range is good , and focus is quick - although sometimes the 300 is a bit short for wildlife ... but at less than half the price of the 100-400 this is certainly a good option ... very sharp and fast - not quite an L but ca n't be beaten for the price . 70-200L would also be an option , but 200 would be a little short for wildlife .
 This is a great lens and the IS feature makes a HUGE difference in the quality of pictures without the use of a tripod.I take many pictures of sporting events for my four kids and my neices and nephews . I am very happy not to have to drag my tripod along . I do use the battery extention on my camera so I get a little longer battery life while using this lens . With the IS feature on it tends to drain your battery life quickly .
 This is a great lens . The image quality is very good for the price and the stabilization is great . I have taken some of my best photos with this lens .
 I purchased this lens for my wife 's XTi in January . We were both very impressed with the focal quality and sharpness from end to end , and the Image Stabilizer is priceless ! This is a great lens from portrait through telephoto , and at a price that does n't break the bank , leaves a little left over for other fun Canon gadgets . If you 're not buying `` L '' Series lenses , this is a must in your arsenal . Thanks Canon .
 If you have a small sensor camera , like a 20D , then you can enjoy it as a 480mm , is n't that great ? It 's a little slow -LRB- f/4 -5.6 -RRB- but if you are low on budget this is a great lens to purchase . High quality glass . Very solid . Nice to have the image stabilizer .
 Very clear , not too heavy , great IS function ; a very good value for the money . Lower F would be nice , but not for $ 1000 extra . At long focal lengths the f/5 .6 is still very good .
 this lens is great . All of the functions work properly , and it is very easy to use . I would but it again and again !
 I 've been using this lens for a week and love it . I 've taken some great pictures of my twin boys and some great photos of sunsets from my backyard . I uploaded three photos to flickr to show some samples . My flickr name is bfmersereau and the photos were uploaded on January 4th , 2010 . I 'm your average photographer and I 'm using a Canon T1i . I highly recommend this lens .
 I use this lens when I do n't want to travel with a heavier/more valuable one . Given its range and the image quality for the cost , I highly recommend it .
 I purchased this lens so that I get better pictures of my son at his football games . I have been very impressed with the results .
 I was a little hesitant about spending this much on a lens , due to the fact it costs as much as my rebel xs , but I am sure glad I went for it ! I 've taken some amazing shots of the moon , dragonfly 's , and birds , that I never though possible ! Its a really great lens for wildlife , and general outdoor shooting because of its range , but as I got used too it I really began to want more than 300mm ... L series here I come !! As far as sharpness at 300mm , images still look extremely sharp . The autofocus works well , but I could n't get a beep from my camera at 300mm ? My only real complaint is the noise . The focusing makes a weird plastic rubbing against plastic noise , and it gets a little old . The Image stabilization , which by the way works amazingly , is also a little loud -LRB- high pitched whine -RRB- . These are just minor complaints though , the lens really impressed me ! One review on a photography website , called this lens a L series in disguise.If you would like to see some samples check out my photostream on flickr -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have owned this lens for over a year now . I owned the 75-300 IS USM before this and was satisfied with it . I have taken some great pictures with this lens . Having never owned an ` L' lens , I do not have too many issues with the construction . However , picture quality is not exceptional , it is good . With decent light , especially 5.6 and up , it really shines . The IS is a must have for the focal length this lens covers .
 I did quite a bit of research on zoom lenses in this range and decided that this would be the one I would purchase . I am glad I did . The quality is superb and having the Image Stabilization really makes it a pleasure to take pictures in less than perfect lightening conditions . I would recommend this lens to any and everyone .
 I am interested in taking photos for about 5 years . This product actually open a new age for me . Considering the price of the product and comparing it with others , I admit that this lens is excellent and meets my need . From now on , everybody and every detail of everything will be the models on my new coming photos .
 The lens is excellent . the image stabilizer works as specified . So far nothing but good results with the product .
 This is an excellent lens . It was lighter than I was expecting and so far seems to be very sharp and much better than its predecessor . It is smaller and lighter than the 70-200 or 100-400 mm and therefore very likely to accompany me on distant journeys .
 I was thinking about getting a 70-200MM f/2 .8 or f/4 IS . I decided on this because of price and weight -LRB- very light , can carry for hours -RRB- . Works great . What ever you decide GET AN IS lens . Trying to hold still at 200mm + is very hard and even more difficult to get a non blurry image . I was a little concerned about getting good blur @ f/4 -5.6 , no worries.Cons
 I 'm just getting into back photography after 25 years . I received this as a gift and was overwhelmed at first . But in no time I was having a ball with this and how easy it was to use . Love the lens !
 This lens is very good and works perfectly for my need.Cons
 As a novice photographer , I highly recommend this lens . With the image stabilizer , it makes using the lens a lot better . Just be sure to adjust your ISO up to at least 800 , otherwise the shutter is way to slow and everything is blurred . It makes the camera a little heavy if you have to carry it around your neck for very long , but other than that , I absolutely love it . It was well worth the money .
 Great and powerful lens ! I used it with the xsi and will with the 50d . The pics so far are ourstanding . I do think it 's a little pricey but the IS system is worth it .
 This is the best lens i own . Its sharp , zoom in close , and and work great in low light .
 I will not get into all the specs . on this lense becuase there are plenty of reviews with peoples experiences on them . If you are new to the lens world and are considering a zoom lens for capturing your childrens moments then this review might give you some insight in helping you decide if this is the lens for you . This review is not really about the lens itself but to help if the zoom range of 70-300mm is something that will work for you . So we do n't need the camera geeks out there ranting and raving about how this has nothing to do about the lens itself.I use this lens for my childrens performances indoors and activites outside . The motor is built into the lens so it focuses real fast and is pretty sharp , but you will still get some shots that are soft . This lens has image stabilization that works pretty well and also a second stabilizing setting for following objects in motion when you pan the camera . I caught some good sharp pictures of my kid running to third base on this setting and I was snapping away and panning . Try this with a regular lens and you might only get a shot or two . This lens works well in low lighting also which is a plus because your flash wo n't reach the distance where this lens can cover . With all these features built into the lens , it is a little on the heavy side to hang on your neck for long periods of time.Now to get to the gives and takes . This lens is fast enough to focus and capture your shot with different stabilizing modes . The downside is this lens is long and heavy . Not exactly something you want to carry around on vacation or in a crowded environment . Another downside is that this lens is 70-300mm . You still have to carry another lens to cover the shorter distances less than 70mm if you are planning on taking close pictures . It is either step back far away -LRB- if you have the room -RRB- or switch lenses . So if you carry two lenses and have to swap them out which can be tricky if you are in a hurry and pulling them out , fumbling with caps , worrying about not to drop them , dust and putting them away.You might want to look into two other options Canon offers like the EF-S 18-135mm f/3 .5 -5.6 IS and the EF-S 18-200mm f/3 .5 -5.6 IS or some other brand.The EF-S 18-135mm f/3 .5 -5.6 IS is smaller but does not have the built motor so it focuses a little slower . You might miss your shot . But you have your close range covered and a decent distance reach . Good enough in my opinion for like small gyms , weddings , parties , kids playing in a park , etc. . But limited in reaching out into a playfield and your sitting in the stands or in an auditorium and your not sitting in the good seats.The other option from Canon is the EF-S 18-200mm f/3 .5 -5.6 IS . Now this lens should be able to cover all your needs . It is a wide angle which is nice to get everyone into the shot if you do n't have room to back up . But with a wide angle zoom your shot of let 's say a building will not be as close as a normal lens . The reason is because the wider lens is capturing a more wider horizontal view rather than a taller vertical view . So vice versa with a normal lens that will capture a larger vertical view rather than a larger wider view . So give and take . I think that this lense will be the most versatile of them all because you only have to carry one lens and it is a little more compact . You have all your ranges covered . The jump in zoom from 135mm to 200mm and 200mm to 300mm is not that major . The 200mm falls in about the middle of the 135mm and 300mm so I think it is a good median . Compare them in a store and you will see . And depending on how good your shots turn out and the quality of it , you can always crop to compensate to some degree . There are other cheaper after market lenses out there without out image stabilzation but if you zoom out far then you need it . If you do all your shots on a tripod then not so important.I am looking into getting the 18-200mm lens . I do n't use my SLR as often as I like because of the bulk , carrying extra lenses , hassle , and worries . With an 18mm range on up lens you will get all your shots near and far . I miss a lot because I do n't have the room or time to step back get closer or swap out lenses.The price differences between these 3 lense from Canon are from about $ 100.00 to $ 200.00 Do n't get me wrong , the 300mm will do the job . But if you want more versatility without having to carry an extra lens and needing to change it out then you might want to explore options . If your a serious photographer then yes you probably want specialized lenses , but if your a soccer mom trying to get shots of your other child on the field while your other child is hanging all over you or your taking pictures at your kids birthday parties where their running everywhere far and near , or want to take your camera on vacation , then you might want a lens that has a more versatile zoom range and is more compact . But remember you wo n't have the second stabilizing mode for panning on these other lenses .
 Canon DSLR Camera and LensI researched various digital cameras when I wanted to step up from my Kodak Easy Share `` point and shoot '' digital , which I do still love but wanted to broaden my photo abilities . I read articles , e-mailed friends , and even stopped people on the street with cameras to ask them the brand name and what they thought about their cameras . The Canon DSLR Rebel XTI came out ahead of all others , for simplicity in use , dependability of shots , lightweight , and price . I LOVE my Rebel XTI and it was n't any time before I just had to order the the EF 70-300mm lens for even more zoom . Even I ca n't mess up all my photos ! It 's a great camera to be able to expand your abilities with interchangeable lenses , etc. . Go for it !
 I bought this lens as a gift for my husband . We are amateur photographers who take photos for our own pleasure and memories . We purchased this lens shortly before taking a cruise to the Caribbean islands . It was delivered on time , packaged well and arrived in perfect condition . The price was better than we were able to find in other online and retail places . The lens was a great addition to our gear and worked beautifully to help capture island memories .
 For the price it is a superb lens . I find no flaws at this time . It seems to do everything it is supposed to do . A very nice complimentary lens to the 28-135mm IS that I also find is an excellent lens . Maybe neither is an L quality lens but with the difference in price you can take a couple of photo tours and enjoy your camera and lenses . I would recomment this lens . Buy it without any hesitation .
 I bought this lens to add on to my Canon 40D package that I purchased . I absolutely LOVE this lens !!! However , I am new to the DSLR world so take my opinion for what its worth . : -RRB-
 I absolutely love this lens . It works great for the sports , scenic and military photos I have taken recently .
 I have used this lens on 5D mark III . It is really good . Quick and precise focus , sharp image , efficient IS .
 I was surprised just how nice this lens is . I have taken several long distance photos and they are blur free . I can crop down and count the number of twigs in a next at least 1/2 mile away .
 I am a novice and this lens works great and is very easy to use . The price point seems to be in line .
 Product is exactly what I wanted . It came on time and in good condition
 Lens is nice , came as expected and on time . Have had no issues with the lens to date and contnue to use
 This lens works beautifully for me , a novice photographer . The image stabilization works very well in either stationary or panning mode . Plus it 's easy to connect and disconnect from the canon body .
 Love this lens , nice range . Does n't come with a hood thou . A little too pricy but I think it 's worse it .
 Amazing lens . I love it . Ordered it on Thurs and got it on Sat . Its really fun and easy to use . Alittle heavy but you get used to it . Im glad I picked this lens out .
 I really liked this lens from canon because the magnification is just AWESOME . My parents used this lens in ARCO ARENA for my college comencenent ceremony . Needless to say I was blown away in how close up the images came out . The only drawback is that the barrell looks cheap because it has a plastic look and feel to it .
 Great lens . Before purchasing this lens , I did some homework . It costs more than some others but I am really glad I chose it . The quality of the photos is awesome . And , it is 100 % compatible with my Canon digital - others are n't always completely compatible .
 First off , I am not a professional photographer . I am a newbie with limited digital SLR experience . The main reason I bought this lens was for landscapes and action photos . As a landscape lens , it is not good . As an action lens , it is great . When I was in Vermont over Christmas , I took great sledding action photos . The lens pretty much sucks for any subject less then 20 feet away . It is good for indoor shots ; I used it at my sister 's graduation and was able to get great up close shots from about 25 rows back . THIS LENS IS BIG , AND HEAVY . It is about twice as heavy and bulky as the non-image stabilized 70-300 lens . It is a great lens , and Amazon had the best legitimate price I could find .
 I have had limited opportunities to put this lens to work so far , but I have been instantly impressed ! The autofocus is quick and accurate . The benefits of the Image Stabilization is apparent the first time the shutter is depressed enough to focus this puppy . I also have the 28-135mm with the IS . I ca n't see ever again buying a lens without this feature , even if it means saving just a little while longer to have it.Also , as there was an unexpected delay in shipping -LRB- which can happen to any seller -RRB- , Amazon did me right by adjusting the shipping option to meet the reality . I am very very pleased with both the purchase of the product and the service of Amazon !
 After debating the need for the IS feature , I am glad that I spent the extra 400 bucks for it . It 's not just for very low light conditions , but is quite handy in many everyday situations where the lighting is n't that great and you do n't want to hike up the ISO . My mom just recently purchased the same lens without the IS feature , and my lens smoked hers whilst taking Christmas photos in our house . If you do n't have the room or the time to set up a tripod , and you have the cash , spend it .
 70-300 is one of those ` walk around ' long lenses for me . I tend to carry two , this one and something in the 28-105 or 28-135 range . It 's not the brightest at F4 but acceptable for what I paid . This is a ` heavy ' lens as a super-telephoto but not as heavy as the L version.One complaint I have is that the lens hood -LRB- not included :--LRB- -RRB- is a HUGE piece of plastic to put on the front of this lens . Anyone who uses to ` protect ' their lens is just a klutz and should not be trusted to use one . That said I promptly dropped mine last week . Lens hood worked . Also the other nit is the front element rotates increasing the length but more importantly messing with a polarizer . You should switch to manual as trying to adjust when in AF will damage the lens .
 It was my favorite lens until I bought the 18-200 one from Canon . Better alrounder , as it also let 's me make great shots at close range ... It 's also almost half the size , which makes carrying it less cumbersome.But the 70-300 is better suited for those in need of a good zoom lens for little money ... The Image Stabilizer -LRB- IS -RRB- is soooo worth the extra money over some of the better low-end brands .
 It is an excellent lens . For and old geezer with not to steady a hand , the stabilzer is a God send . Slightly heavy and a bit noisy . When you are shooting wildlife at 50 to 200 yards , I doubt the noise will disturb anything but you . Gives bright colorful prints and works well with flash.Even though I have been using this lens for a short time , I am no stranger to telephoto lens and know a good lens when I use it.I would reccommend this lens to anyone who is looking for a great quality lens and not break the bank . It is a professional type lens thay any amateur can put on their camera and shot like a pro in a short time.Doug
 I use this with a Canon Rebel T2i , which I got with the 18-135mm IS kit lens . I needed something longer because the 135mm just did n't zoom in far enough for a lot of things.I used this lens at a Carrie Underwood concert a couple months ago . The photos and video I got are fantastic!The only thing to keep in mind is that this lens is pretty much worthless for anything requiring a wide angle . It 's not a great &#34; walkabout &#34; lens . For a better all-purpose lens , consider the 55-250mm IS lens . The 18-135mm is also quite good , but again , just does n't have the required zoom for some things .
 Very sharp good quality lens with excellent focusing . Definitely seems an upgrade from my older Canon 75-300 IS lens originally used with my film camera .
 This is a great lens for the price . No it is n't a L Series lens but it does a great job for someone who wants to give wildlife , etc , photography a try.At this point I can only think of one minor issue that I do n't like about it . The autofocus is quite noisy . This of course does not affect picture quality but it can be slightly annoying.I would certainly recommend this to someone looking to enter into telephoto photography .
 I bought this lens about a month ago when I purchased my Rebel XT.I was initially dissapointed by the image quality but it turned out that I actually had a bad filter on the lens . Once I removed that cheap filter the lans came to life and has blown me away !! If you read some of the forums there are actually Canon owners complaining that this lens is too good and has effectively devalued their expensive `` L '' lenses!The only negative thing that I can say about this lens is that the front element rotates while focusing , making using a circular polarizer somewhat cumbersome . The Image Stabilizer really is a technological marvel though and will leave you wondering why every lens does n't come with it -LRB- the answer is that it adds to the weight and IS is n't cheap -RRB- . This weekend was the first time the weather cooperated enough for me to try it outdoors . I went to a small local zoo and took a picture of a red fox from about 30ft away ... through 2 wire fences ... in sub-par lighting . I did n't expect much . The picture actually came out and is so sharp I am having it framed.Buy this lens !
 I own several lenses for my Canon Digital Rebel XTI , and this is honestly not my favorite one . However , I ca n't fault the overall performance of this piece , and I would recommend it being aware of its limitations.PROS - Excellent build construction . The case is metal and appears quite solid even when extended . - 300mm at a reasonable cost . Combine that with the 1.6 magnification of the common half-frame sensors found in many digital cameras , and that equates to some serious zoom . - Fairly short focal length
 Have used this lens for a few months now and am very happy with it . The long reach specially with the 20D is definitely a plus . The lens is a little slow but the IS allows you to take at 2-3 stops than normal for static subjects . If I would rate it with 10 being best , optical quality is 8 , focus speed 8 , construction is 7 because of zoom creep and loud IS , price 9 .
 When purchasing my new Canon EOS 40D I wanted to get an additional lens that would add an extended zoom range from the 28-135mm lens that came in the kit . I had a budget of $ 2,500.00 for a digital SLR camera , hot shoe flash , additional lens , memory card , and a large gadget bag . I wanted to purchase the best quality camera that I could get , so I had decided to purchase the EOS 40D by Canon -LRB- kit with 28-135mm lens -RRB- , but that meant that I would have to sacrifice money spent on the other accessories . I purchased a 4GB Sandisk Extreme III CompactFlash card , and the Canon Speedlite 580EX II flash with the camera , so that meant I had roughly $ 675.00 for another lens and a nice camera/gadget bag . I researched the Canon EF lenses extensively and decided that I had to have a lens with image stabilization . I wanted a Canon lens and wanted it to have a large zoom range . All reviews I read pointed to the Canon EF 70-300mm f/4 -5.6 IS USM lens as a solid choice.I ordered this lens from Amazon and got a great price , and with free shipping . The first thing I noticed is that this lens is lightweight and feels very well made . The light weight did concern me a little , because I typically process the thought of lightweight electronics gear with cheap build quality . Well I am convinced that this Canon lens does NOT suffer from cheap build quality . The lens feel solid , and the focus and zoom rings are not sloppy at all . The auto focus is fairly fast -LRB- although it can be a little slower in the highest zoom range -RRB- , and the image stabilization works great . As others have pointed out , this lens produces a somewhat softer looking image above the 200mm range . However , the contrast and color remains sharp , even at maximum zoom . If you do n't mind giving up some depth of field by adjusting the aperture , you can get very clear images at the full 300mm . My biggest complaints with this lens are as follows : - The end of the lens rotates when focusing , which causes the constant need to adjust my circular polarizer . - The zoom changes the length of the lens . - If you tip the camera at a sharp verticle angle , the zoom adjustment of the lens will retract on its own . - Auto focus becomes slower at higher zoom setting . - Having the lens set to AF prevents you from fine tuning the focus manually -LRB- there seems to me a mechanical , gear-type lock of the focus ring when AF is engaged -RRB- Overall I am extremely happy with this lens , even with the few shortcomings mentioned above . The auto focus is accurate and fairly fast , the IS feature is rock solid , and the light weight of this lens makes it very good for handheld shots and does not cause balance issues when using a monopod or tripod . Although I have noticed some minor softness in photos above 200 or 250mm , my pictures always look clear and contain excellent contrast and color . I 'm sure you could get better results from a Canon professional lens , which would cost you well over a grand for this kind of zoom range , but for the average hobby photographer I think this lens is about as good as you can get ; and it can be had for under $ 600 . I am confident that this Canon EF 70-300mm lens will last for many years to come , and I would definately buy it again . I hesitate to recommend this lens for a professional photographer , but for everyone else it is an excellent choice .
 This is a terrific lens , my new favorite . IS is an excellent feature ; I wish all my lenses had it . Even with a 2X Teleconverter on , it is rock steady viewing and shooting . My images are sharp as a tack with great contrast and color . I 'd have to pay three times this much to get any better telephoto images .
 THis is an awesome lens that enables me to get shots that would be impossible to get -LRB- hand held -RRB- w/out the IS feature . I am VERY picky about sharpness and in the same lighting/conditions , this lens produces images as sharp as my L lens !! I LOVE how light it is and it is quick to focus ! Of course to some people the `` lightness '' makes it feel cheap , and I 'm sure it may not be as durable as a heavier L lens but I like the ease of carrying it around . I can hand hold at 1/10 a sec -LRB- I do have steady hands though -RRB- and get a decent shot ... of course THOSE are n't tack sharp shots but w/out IS I would n't get the shot at all and they are still pretty good . If you are debating between this lens and the L zoom -LRB- 70-200mm -RRB- I can tell you I use this lens A LOT and I LOVE it , it 's light , it focuses quickly -LRB- I mostly use manual though -RRB- , it is capable of VERY sharp images and gives so much low light capability due to the IS ... the L 70-200 zoom in this price range does n't have IS so you wo n't get as many low light shots and the extra 100mm is great also . People will tell you that the `` L '' zoom crop at 200mm is sharper than a 300mm shot from this lens but i have not seen that to be the case yet . I am 99.9 % sure that if you buy this lens you will be VERY pleased with it !!!!
 Hello!I 'm sure as you read this review there may have been tears shed , hair pulled out , foreheads banged against hard surfaces , screams and curses uttered , more tears , frustration , and exhaustion only to realize that you 're still contemplating between this lens and the 70-200L F/4 IS USM . The photography needs for many is like a bottomless pit , but it all comes down to the items that will ultimately compliment YOUR photography needs . Having said that , pay careful attention to the pros and cons of both lens to seek which best suites you . Hopefully this review can give you that last push to finally pull the trigger.After buying a Canon 5D Mark II with a 24-70L lens , I realized that my needs for a lens with extensive reach was necessary during nature trips , graduation events , etc. . Knowing that my next purchase of a telephoto lens usage was seldom as compared to my primary 24-70L lens , I was bit more frugal regarding $ value but image quality was still my utmost priority . I set out on a journey to a local photography store to borrow a 70-200 F/4 IS USM -LRB- ~ $ 1250 -RRB- and 70-300 F/4 -5.6 -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- which only costed me $ 40 :-RRB- Though they had my credit card on file incase of scratches or loss :-LRB- . Notice that my reviews are primarily focused on lenses with IS since my hands are not the steadiest.After going to an airplane show and local mountain , I took many pictures of flying airplanes -LRB- little redundant but just to illustrate that they were n't inactive ! -RRB- to landscape portraits . When I compared the pictures from both lens down to the pixel , I realized image quality was VERY VERY similar . Of course you 'll have differences in terms of minor distortion , vignetting , resolution and chromatic aberrations from the 70-300 lens but it was so minor that you 'll never notice it without zooming in . This is where the power of the `` L '' comes in , but only to an extent . Pictures printed up to 8x10 were fine , but any larger the minor flaws of the 70-300 became indisputable.There are many claims that the AF on the 70-300 is rather poor especially on maximum 300 zoom -- AF was able to capture almost all my airplane photos 7 out of 10 attempts whereas the 70-200 was right on the dot 10/10 which was n't a big problem for me considering the image quality was still up to par . Also I must note that the 70-300 was able to retain a great amount of detail just like the 70-200 . This is not a subjective con but rather raw proof that this lens can perform just as great ! My only itch with the 70-300 is obviously the narrow aperture will perform poorly in low lit areas which inevitably increases ISO and slowing down shutter speed which may result in blur or `` noise '' . Also please note that the 70-300 does NOT come with a lens hood whereas the 70-200 does . Weight is not a problem since they are both about ~ 1.5 lbs.As I have mentioned before , it all comes down to YOUR needs , so : BUY THE 70-300 F4-5 .6 IS USM - if you do n't mind the wide aperture F5 .6 on far zoom which also means the majority of your pictures will be taken under well-lit areas , need the longer focal length range -LRB- which comes handy especially if your trying to catch a bird -RRB- , MUCH less expensive which is by a non trivial margin from the 70-200 F/4 IS -LRB- ~ 1200 -RRB- and offers just as great image quality!BUY THE 70-200 F4 IS USM - if need a constant aperture size at all focal lengths which can translates to faster shutter speeds/low ISO at long focal lengths , compatibility with 1.4 x and 2.0 x teleconverters which can potentially extend your focal lengths to 400mm ! , enlarging your pictures past 8x10 while retaining phenomenal image quality and detail , shooting sports needing faster reliable AF.BUY THE 70-200 F2 .8 IS USM -LRB- aka King of telephoto lens -RRB- - if your sick and tired of reading review after review and just want the best of the best , have at least $ 2400 to spare from your piggie bank -LRB- which is the same price as a Canon 5D Mark II body ! -RRB- , wedding photographer , basically same specs as 70-200 F4 except for F2 .8 . Given my needs and my seldom usage of this `` secondary '' lens , I bought the 70-300 IS USM along with a B+W 58 multi-coated uv filter -LRB- a must ! -RRB- . I 've been scolded at by some colleagues for placing this lens on a pro grade camera Canon 5D Mark II , but after performing many tests , the image quality of the 70-300 IMHO is just as good . Surprisingly , this was initially a recommendation from my photography professor at ucla.I hope this helps ! Good luck !
 I have just bought the lens and took some trial pictures1 - the Auto focus is not great at 300mm .2 - it is impossible to take sharp pictures at night using image stabilizer at 300mm , however , between 70-160mm IS works great at night and to me , it is good enough .3 - regarding the construction , it looks little bit cheap comparing the L models .4 - the images taken under day light are really sharp even at 300mm . I would strongly recommend this lens if you do not mind the negatives I wrote down above .
 As a serious amateur photographer and careful research on a decent lens to help get me started , I chose this one . The photo quality and sharpness had me immediately impressed , but after using it for a while now I do start to see its downfalls . It seems to have a serious drop in photo quality as it approaches 300mm , making true telephotography with this lens a challenge . I had read reports on its focusing issues -LRB- being too slow , etc -RRB- but never really noticed or cared much . After a while using it however , it does start to get a little frustrating and sometimes found myself manually focusing on the object I wanted then switching back to auto to make sure I had it right -LRB- and so auto would n't search for seconds at a time -RRB- . That being said , the Image Stabalization does do a great job for low-light . I never found it much use during the daytime and it 's currently set to off to help save my battery while I 'm on vacation . The photo quality is really tremendous for a beginner , and one will not be upset with it by any means . It just has its limitations which I guess should be expected from a non-professional lens.Even so , if I could do it over , I would choose the similarly priced professional -LRB- L -RRB- telephoto lens even as a beginner . The differences seem to be vast .
 I had a pretty old telephoto lens . It was loud and mostly manual with separate switch for macro . The lens that I purchased is quiet and really smooth . The stabilizer is a great addition to the lens . I am very happy with this purchase and would buy from this company again and again .
 I am extremely happy with the performance of this lens . I am not a professional by any means , but I am amazed at the quality of the pictures that I have been able to take with this lens .
 This lens has dramatically improved the way I am able to shoot pictures , and the image stabilizer permits me to get normal day-time shots without a tripod !
 Excellent lens for beginners ! It could be even better than that , but as I am a beginner , I ca n't tell you about that . I bought this lens to serve as my main telephoto lens for getting great shots at the zoo or similar situations , but I 've found that it is also great for portrait shots as well !! It 's large and a bit heavy , while carrying it , I 've had many `` paparazzi '' comments from friends , but when they see the photos I get with this on my Canon Rebel T3 -LRB- 1100D -RRB- they change their tune . I did not try the non-IS version of this lens although much cheaper , but after reading all the reviews , I decided this would be a better fit since I hand-hold my camera most of the time .
 I purchased this lens through the Green Hill Camera Amazon Store . This is a very nice lens . It worked well on our trip to Yellowstone . Our pictures are still sharp at maximum focus even when blown up .
 I have had this lens since November of 2009 . It takes great shots , very crisp and clear . I have shot with it on many camera bodies -LRB- Canon rebel XSI - which is the 1000D , and the Canon 7D primarily are the two bodies I have shot with -RRB- . The images it produces are very clear , and this lens is well worth the money if you want to shoot actions shots at a game , or even wild life -LRB- given enough light -RRB- . I would recommend it to anyone .
 It is a good lense and works great , especially in daylignt or strong indoor light . Clear sharp images . In low light can have some trouble focusing .
 Fast delivery . Heavy but takes great images comparable to my 24-105mm L-lens . Fast focus but a bit noisy -LRB- acceptable -RRB- . Use this lens more than any other canon lens . Ca n't beat the price , which was $ 395 . Recommend this lens for anyone looking for an intermediate telephoto .
 Seller promised delivery on a short notice and lense arrived exactly as promised . This is a great addition to my Canon EOS Digital camera . Focus is sharp and fairly quick in good lighting condition . Lenses seems sturdy and well built . Would highly recommend this lense for anyone wanting a good telephoto lens without spending high dollars for professional series optics .
 I bought this lens to go with my canon rebel t3i . I would recommend this lens . The image stabilization is excellent . I shot a pic of the full moon , no tripod just hand held . The detail and clarity was amazing with no trace of camera shake . The I.S. also allows for low light pics with no blur . The lens gave up great pics of the blue angels in formation at 450 mph . The macro was stunning and using field of focus is a snap . For the price it cant be beat . Five out of five stars for sure !
 I 'm not a pro photographer . It 's a hobby . A few years ago when my kids started soccer I needed a great telephoto lens . I went into my local camera shop and told them I needed a great lens to take photos outdoors of my kids on the soccer field . The rep did n't blink twice and handed me this lens . This probably the most used lens in my arsenal for taking outdoor photos . I take mostly photos of my kids and I prefer to catch them off-guard , so I sit to the side and just take shots of them when they are n't really aware . I like that . I get some really meaningful photographs , one of which is one of my favorite photographs . It always makes me smile.I 'm sure the pros will say there are better lenses on the market , but really . For me , a mom wanting outdoor photos of her kids playing soccer . This is the best lens . It 's also very comfortable and easy to use . It feels good and responds well . I let a friend of mine borrow this several months back and she also took some amazing more artsy photographs with it and she more pro than I 'll ever be.Overall , this is a great lens , you can read the specs for product details , I wo n't go into all that , but know that if you need it for outdoor field-range shots , this is the perfect lens . Soccer moms unite ! ;-RRB- The only thing that this really needs and I keep forgetting to buy is a hood . Sometimes my photos are too exposed if it 's really sunny .
 Got this lens for my Rebel XTI primarily for sports . It was a hard decision between this and the 70-200 f4/L lens . It is a debate everyone has . After checking with several people who have had both lenses I decided the extra 100mm and the IS was what I needed . True the 70-200 L lens is a hair sharper but you have to really enlarge the photo to tell . This lens gets me excellent photos .
 Works flawlessly , and at an excellent price for what you pay . Add this to your setup -LRB- with kit lens ? -RRB- and you are good for a slew of photography options , now including nature shots -LRB- birds , for instance -RRB- . This likely wo n't get you published - the L series uber lenses are for the level of professionalism . But these will get you excellent shots from far away , and the IS is worth every penny .
 I replaced an older Canon lens of the same size . I mainly photograph water birds and wild flowers . I find that the image stabilizer does help me get more clear photos of birds in flight . If you need this feature it is a very good lens .
 I use this with a Canon Digital Rebel xTi -LRB- 10 megapixels -RRB- . It has given me truly outstanding sports -LRB- soccer , swimming , surfing -RRB- and wildlife pictures . The image stabiizer works great , and it is small and light enough to take hiking too.Great pictures . Great value .
 I got this lense as a Christmas gift for my Digital Rebel -LRB- so I have n't had it very long -RRB- but I was absolutely blown away . When I was looking to upgrade to a lense with a larger range -LRB- from the original 18-55 mm lense that you pretty much get with the camera -RRB- , I read through most of the reviews and compared prices between the different lenses . I was n't sure if getting the IS was worth the significant extra money over the other lenses offered , but decided it was worth a shot . On my first picture , I zoomed all the way in with the IS turned off and noticed a large amount of shaking just from me trying to hold the camera still . Then I flipped the IS on and decided right then that it was worth the money . I ca n't believe how well the IS works ... The only thing I was n't really expecting was the weight of the lense . I do n't have much experience with others like this , so I do n't really know how it compares , but I realized it was much heavier than I was expecting . The only other disadvantage is that it sucks battery power like there is no tomorrow . My next step will be investing in a higher mAh battery ... and now a bigger camera bag to hold this monster .
 I got my wife a new camera , a Canon Rebel T3i , after using her old camera , a Canon Powershot S5 IS , to shoot a full moon rise . The moon rise photo would have been very good but it was a dark moon rise -LRB- the sun had set maybe 15 minutes before -RRB- so when I brightened up the landscape it was a bit noisy -LRB- not a lot but more than I wanted -RRB- . We had driven quite a long distance to see this so a better camera seemed reasonable . The next full moon was the Super Moon of May 05 , 2012 . We got the camera with the 18-55 mm kit lens but decided to go with the EF 70-300 mm IS USM lens instead of the 75-300 mm lens that was also available in a kit . On some practice shots of the moon before the full moon I was getting some pretty sharp views . As I learned more about the camera the technique improved , like using Live View which avoided the mirror bounce , using a shutter release cable , and zooming to 10X which showed that my old tripod would shake for 5 seconds or so and then be steady enough to see the image motion from the earth 's rotation . I also calculated that at 300 mm zoom I needed to keep the shutter speed to faster than about 1/10 second to avoid more than about 1/2 pixel image smear because I was n't tracking the moon . The resulting pictures were quite sharp , better than what I had found out on the web when I looked for moon photos through this lens . When I showed an employee at Best Buy one of the images on my iPod he said I had n't got it with that lens , I said yes I did . I used autofocus on the moon . But it did n't work on the stars or planets with Live View so I tried a trick , autofocus on the moon , switch the lens to manual focus , then point to the star or planet . Was n't sure that would work but it did . I pointed at Saturn and was able to detect the rings . Not very well , no dark space between the rings and the planet -LRB- I think that will be possible when they open up a bit more in 2 or 3 years -RRB- . The crescent of Venus was also visible with this lens . Have n't tried Jupiter yet but it should show a disk and moons . Mars should also show a disk when it is close enough . I 'm not suggesting this is a good lens for shooting planets , I just tried it to see how sharp it is and was happy with it.My wife finally got to try this lens when we went to find some eagles . They were mostly far away but her first shot clearly showed some and the image stabilization worked very well . By pressing the shutter halfway the stabilization is activated and the image really gets steady . That was one reason I went with this lens.We went to see the Super Full Moon rise and found a few members of the local camera club there with their big lenses . A Super Full Moon is not really a big deal , it 's just when the full moon happens near when the moon , in its elliptical orbit , is closest to the earth . It 's a bit bigger -LRB- apparent size -RRB- and a bit brighter than other full moons . The weather was n't promising and at moon rise time nothing was seen , but maybe 20 minutes later or so a bit of it was seen peeking through the clouds and it finally got up out of the haze . Got some shots with this lens . The full moon in November 28 is the farthest from earth full moon of the year , I guess that would be a submoon , opposite of the supermoon . The apparent diameters of the May 5 and Nov 28 full moons will differ by about 14 % . Back to the lens , there are only a couple of negatives I can think of so far , and they may not be a problem for everybody . The lens cap could be better , might not be able to use it with a lens hood in place . That 's easy to replace . Also the front of the lens rotates and will be an issue with polarizing filters . This may not be a big deal , have n't tried it yet , but the following may work . Zoom , focus , adjust the polarizer , then focus again . The last step may not be needed and should be such a minor adjustment that the polarizer should be ok . I would n't hesitate to recommend this lens.Update 2012 May 18 : I read another review that said this lens could autofocus on a star . In the above I stated I could n't autofocus even on Venus but I was using Live View , not the optical view finder . When I tried the optical view finder it focussed on Venus with no problem and I got a handheld shot at 300 mm that showed it as a small crescent .
 The EF-70 70-300 IS USM does n't cost what the L-series version costs , it does n't claim to be the equal of the L-series version , and it 's not the equal . If you want bona fide 5-star optics and build , then pay at least twice as much and carry an extra pound of lens around . But for the money , this is a very nice lens , produces nice images , it 's easy to use , and it 's built reasonably well . Canon pretty much ticked all the boxes at price and focal length range . Image stabilization is really impressive and it will indeed give you at least a couple of extra stops -- very handy at full zoom . A ring USM would have been preferable , but the USM as supplied generally did a good job and was n't as noisy as I thought it might be .
 My two cents ' worth -- I recently purchased thisCanon EF 70-300mm f/4 -5.6 IS USM Lens for Canon EOS SLR Cameraslens , primarily guided by Gustavo 's review , since I like to do a lot of investigation , and simply did n't have time ; I found he had already done the work for me . So , how 's the lens ? WOW -- I 'm impressed ! Yes , as some reviewers note , there is a little noise from the stabilization , but I have not had it bother any wildlife I was attempting to photograph yet . And yes , the lens does get longer as it zooms , but compared to the price to step up to one that does n't I 'll happily deal with it ; just requires paying attention . Some mention it 's a bit heavy , but I do n't find that to be a problem at all . The ability to shoot at full magnification with the Image Stabilization managing camera shake is amazing -- got some shots of twin fawns on the dark edge of a woods while just resting my elbows on my truck -- these shots would have been IMPOSSIBLE without a tripod with my old non-stabilized lens . In this situation , I really got the 3 stops of improvement they advertise . While nowhere near the build quality of my -LRB- really -RRB- old FD lenses -LSB- yes , I 'm old too , just like my lenses :--RRB- -RSB- , this lens 's quality is a step up from the less expensive -LRB- half the price -RRB- Canon EF-S 55-250mm f/4 -5.6 IS Image Stabilizer Telephoto Zoom LensI was considering , which is similar in quality to the 18-55 that came with my T2i . I 'm glad I spent the extra money . In short , I would highly recommend this lens . BTW , in my opinion , if you ca n't afford the extra bucks , do n't be afraid of the 55-250 ; should last a long time if you do n't abuse it.One note
 I own a Canon T1i camera . In looking for a long range lens above 200mm , I read reviews on both Amazon and other commercial sites . I was looking for a lens with image quality above 200mm but did not want to incur the cost of purchasing one of the excellent Canon `` L '' lenses . Further , I wanted Image Stabilization and USM if possible . During reviews , I found that this zoom lens came as close to a full 5-star rating as any on the market in the non-L category . Since obtaining the lens , it has complimented my two other lenses quite nicely , one being the Canon 18-135mm `` walk-around '' lens and the super-fine Canon 17-55mm 2.8 IS USM non-L lens . The Bokeh is unbelievable ; the sharpness of detail is as good as I could have desired . During a recent trip to the Canaveral National Seashore , I was able to get distant photos of Alligators and Roseate Spoonbill birds that were exceedingly sharp . And I was able to use the Canon IS feature to take shots at 250-300mm without a tripod.I now find that I am spoiled . While I went into this purchase with my eyes wide open , this lens starts at 70mm ; my great 17-55mm lens ends at 55mm . While my 18-135mm is a very good walk-around lens , I find myself missing the image quality that I have with my 17-55mm and the 70-300mm lenses . This causes me , so far , to do most of my shooting with the 17-55mm and the 70-300mm creating the need to change lenses too frequently between the 17-55mm and the 70-300mm . I give up the walk-around feature that I enjoyed with the 18-135mm . Perhaps this will change in time and I will again start using my older 18-135mm for the purpose intended - a walk-around lens that I keep on my camera most of the time . But as I said , I have really been spoiled with this new 70-300mm lens .
 I owned this lens for about a year , then traded up to the 70-200L f4 , then traded up to the lens I own now , the 70-300L . This lens is * not * as sharp as the two L lenses I 've tried , esp . at the long end . I saw an immediate difference when I started to take long telephoto shots with the 70-300L compared to this lens . Even a look at Canon 's MTF charts for these lenses show that the 70-300 does not quite measure up to the 70-300L . I really have to question those any reviews that state the 70-300 is just as sharp as either of the L lenses I mentioned , because that just is not so.That said , you can get this lens for well under half the price of the L lenses , and I had very good experience with the build quality , focusing accuracy , and Image Stabilization . So if cost is a major consideration , and you are willing to trade some image quality for a bunch of cash , the Canon 70-300mm is a good choice .
 I bought this great lense used , or that 's what they said ! It had never been taken out of the box ! Saved over 125.00 and I will always buy them used , took longer to get it but I saved quite a bit and you still get a awesome lense !
 The item is as described 100 % , and the service was perfect and very fast.i am very happy that i did purchase it
 Excellent , I think not a -LRB- L -RRB- but , umm quality for sharpness and color through out range great lens __ for agood price.Great place to shop , fast shipping , and good service!Amazon !
 The only negative I have noticed so far is that the zoom barrel does not turn as easily as I would like -LRB- like the kit lens does in the Canon Rebel XSi -RRB- . I do not know if this is a design feature to prevent gravity from rolling the zoom barrel out or not . Sometimes I have to look at the zoom barrel to see if it 's not moving because I 'm at the end or because I just did n't turn it hard enough . I would rather not have to look ever.The IS is amazing ... if you take several shots rapid fire at a really low shutter speed , you can still get one that is sharp . I find that after the first few shots , my hand gets steadier.Everything else seems great!This does not have to do with the lens specifically , but for those wondering how far a 300mm lens can go - For small animals like tiny birds , you ca n't be too far away or they will just be too small . If they 're perched on a second floor balcony and you are on the ground about 15 feet away , you can get them to take up a good amount of the picture but you ca n't zoom in on their eye or anything . If you like to zoom in really close to small animals that are skittish , from what I 've heard , you can probably get away with using a 400mm lens without a tripod , I would recommend that.Also 70mm is a little too zoomed in if you want to use it also to shoot your friends that are hanging out with you in a room . If you move like 10 feet away , you can get a picture , but I felt like I had to back up a little too much . It 's still possible though . It made me start thinking about getting an 18mm-200mm to get the large range . Changing lenses is a hassle : -RRB-
 I purchased this lens as a replacement . The image stabilizer and quality is outstanding .
 I love my new lensesharp sharp photographyThank you for having thislense on Amazon
 Very happy with this purchase . I gave the lens as a gift , and the receiver was VERY happy with the lens . The pictures are coming out fantastic with no issue with focusing or anything else .
 Having only used the lens for a few weeks , I have not had that many opportunities to see limitations , but overall the lens seems to do all that I could have asked of it . The autofocus seems to be very fast and accurate . It is not a `` l '' series lens , but for the price and the focal length , it is able to capture action frames as fast as the Rebel xsi it is mounted on will cycle . I am very pleased with the performance of this lens so far and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an affordable way to outfit their digital SLR .
 Auto focus would at times act bad . But takes good photos once you get used to it .
 This lens does everything it should very well . Really allows you to take a close look at something with great image quality . The only thing I wish was better about it is the aperture . The 4-5 .6 is not bad by any means , but can be limiting when you are trying to stop fast movements . However , as long as you plan for it and the conditions are constant , you can work around it . All in all this is a nice lens .
 I have not had an opportunity to use this lens to its capacity but it is very nicely done . If you are going to do any type of photography outside which requires an adequate zoom this lens is for you . definately worth the money .
 Very easy lens , to take the result is also very good ! I recommend a friend also bought , I hope that he will like it .
 Order arrived sooner than estimated and in excellent condition . I would purchase from them again .
 I am not a profesional by any means but I think this is a very good lens . It does every thing I need to do .
 I picked this up on recommendation of a friend for my New Rebel XSi . I 've still only used it minimally , but the shots I have taken have been wonderful . I still need to take it out and shoot the kids playing soccer , baseball or basketball to see how the action is both in doors and outside , but for relatively slow moving or still shots , it 's been great.The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I have not had enough time with it yet .
 I just got this lens a week ago and I love it ! One of the things the included booklet says about this lens is that it has a `` truly round aperture hole resulting in a nicer background blur . '' That is a very true statement ! The IS feature is definetly worth the extra money . I have taken a couple hundred shots so far , all handheld , and nothing has come out blurry yet . Awsome lens !
 I recently used this lens on an impromptu nature walk and was pleasantly surprised at how much the IS helped , especially at the 200-300mm range . I was able to get some really good long shots -- all hand-held -- on a relatively low contrast overcast day . Perhaps it was what I was shooting -LRB- relatively still nature , like birds -RRB- but I did n't experience any problems that others may have noticed with focus speed or visual quality issues . I will say this is probably not the lens to use for fast moving sports or even everyday walk-around photos . For me , telephotos -LRB- 200mm + -RRB- are fairly specialized -LRB- I prefer street photography -RRB- . In most cases I would use my 28-135mm and crop . I usually use this lens for very specific purposes .
 As an action photographer I was able to get some pretty interesting shots , even though I was situated at the far end of the field.As a scenic photographer , the shots were amazing , tripod or not , even at night.Highly recommended for anyone that wants quality shots when panning.Also , highly recommended in general .
 At 300mm , this lens produced much sharper images for me than the EF 100-300mm zoom lens . The image stabilizer -LRB- IS -RRB- allowed good handheld photos at much slower shutter speeds - had to use 1/800sec previously . With IS , I can now use 1/200sec . Would like to have full time manual focus override but so far only needed it once when the autofocus was temporarily confused because I had not pointed at a contrasty area before pressing the shutter button.Using it on a 1.6 crop factor camera with very satisfactory results .
 So , this certainly is n't an L lens , however given the pricepoint and image quality , you ca n't go wrong . I 've used this lens at a number of motorsports events where the image stabilization is a must have . Before using this lens , images were blurry and just as many were bad as good . With the IS turned on , things look great . Additionally , being able to shoot in lower light has allowed me to take some shots that might have otherwise gotten away . I 'd buy again , though this time I 'd add the lens hood to it .
 Great price for this lens . At 300mm its a little soft , but easily sharpened in photoshop . The IS is awesome . Pretty light weight @ twice the length of the kit lens . Build quality seems decent . I 've had it about a month now , and have already taken quite a few pics that I 'm very happy with . It 's too bad they did n't include a hood and case for it , but still a good deal .
 I 'm not a professional , i just love to take pictures and this lens helps me a lot to get where the normal lenses not . The pictures are incredible
 This lens produces incredibly sharp pictures from Wide angle all the way up to lower 200s . After which , the image starts softening . But , you probably already know this . If you are trying to decide between this lens and the 70-200 f4L , the decision is simple - If you are a big time tripod user , get the L lens , if not , buy this . The IS in this lens is awesome , although , it makes a crackling noise , which can sometimes be annoying , especially if you are unaware of it . It can even make you think there 's something wrong with the lens . Just be aware of the noise , and you 'll soon get used to it .
 This lens is outstanding . I am a rookie mom taking football pictures for my freshman son 's games and the photos I have been able to get are great . I am in the stands and my pictures look like I am right next to the players . I can see their eyes in some photos.I bought my camera at Best Buy but found that Amazon had the best price for lens and memory cardsGreat lens package .
 One of the best purchases I 've made in awhile . Very glad I bought the Canon brand after seeing what a friend of mine went through with an off brand lens . You definitely get what you pay for .
 This Canon Lens upholds the tradition of fine products from the Canon line of photographic accessories . It takes very clear , sharp , hand held pictures with the Image Stabilizer capability activated . It negates the necessity of carrying a tripod every time one wants to take long telephoto shots . It should be a must for any serious photographer that wanders the countryside , taking candid pictures , and wants to lighten the load of equipment carried .
 After 3 months of research , going between the EF 70-200 f4 , the EF 70-200 f4 IS and the EF 70-300 IS I bought the 70-300 and can say I 'm very pleased . The IS is awesome , you can actually see the frame stabilize as the IS kicks in . I tried out the 70-200 but I just could n't get the shots handheld that I could with the 70-300 IS . I actually considered the 70-200 IS but once I played with it I thought `` do I really want to lug this around on my travels ? '' . The answer was no.I uploaded a couple of photos ... one of a white swan I took at our marina and one of my nephew . By the way , I 'm new to photography .
 I have owned this lens for 11 months now and I highly recommend it . Its my most used lens and I have taken some really nice photos with it . Here is my take ... It handles well on my rebel xti . There is ample space on the barrel to rest it on my left hand and get a nice weight balance , and still turn the big grippy zoom ring . The zoom ring is easy to turn but not loose . Although the focus ring turns during auto-focus its out of reach from my hand . You can reach the IS switches easily by feel without looking . You have to press them a bit to get them to move , but it is impossible to accidently switch them . The AF/MF switch is hard to get to , but I do n't MF that much anyway . The build quality is solid and typical of a canon mid-range/non-L lens.AF is fast and accurate . It does have a habit of hunting at 300mm if focus is way off to start with . All other focal lengths are fine . AF noise is very quiet but not silent like my EF 17-40L . The Image stabilization -LRB- IS -RRB- is excellent !!! If you have good handholding technique you can get blur free -LRB- or close enough -RRB- still photos to 1/30th second at any focal length . If your hand holding technique is sloppy IS wo n't help as much . IS really adds to the versatility of this lens.The image quality is great . The images are sharp at any focal length . -LRB- I mostly shoot around F4-5 .6 -RRB- . The bokeh -LRB- quality of the blur -RRB- is very smooth , and better than my 50mm 1.8 which can be a bit `` nervous '' at times . Colors and contrast are good.I am glad I bought this lens instead of the EF 70-200 F4 L non-IS . The L has better build , and -LRB- the consensus is -RRB- better image quality . But I have never thought , `` Dang , I wish this lens was sharper or was built better '' . But I have thought `` Boy , I 'm so glad I have image stabilization right now '' and `` I 'm glad my lense is less conspicous than the larger white L lense '' . I really think that the image quality differences will not be noticed by most people , and can easily be swamped by technique .
 I bought this lens a few years ago before I got serious about photography . Since then everything else in my kit has slowly been upgraded , but I just never seem to find a good enough reason to replace the 70-300mm . The major downsides of this lens are its slightly kludgy focus with a rotating front ring , and its slightly slow aperture compared to whats available.But then the upsides :1 -RRB- 3-stop image stabilizer . I ca n't give this enough praise . I 've taken crisp photos at 300mm with 1/15s shutter speed , sharp enough to make it onto Flickr 's blog .2 -RRB- Lightweight - as a travel zoom you ca n't beat the versatility versus weight .3 -RRB- Sharpness , colours and contrast are top notch . People who 've seen photos from this lens have assumed I had a big white expensive lens , and are shocked when they find out.Sure it feels very flimsy and is n't weather sealed , but the reality is , mine has been to dusty game drives in Africa and air shows on a windy beach , and is still like new . For similar money one can get a 70-200mm F4L , but for me the lack of IS on a 200mm lens is a deal breaker.I 've often considered upgrading to the 70-200mm f2 .8 L IS or 100-400mm f4.5-5 .6 L , or primes such as the 300mm f4 , but every time have to ask myself
 As an amateur , I shoot a lot at airshows and I have been using a Tamron AF XR Di 28-300mm lens with a Canon SLR Digital Rebel for several years . Most shots are of aircraft from 1/4 to 1 mile away . I do n't use a tripod . The Tamron lens is great until you get to full zoom or your trying to get a shot of the P-51 in a high speed pass . The results are ok . Out of 100 shots , 25 might be considered good . With this Canon lens , its image stabilization , and AF almost 75 out of 100 are poster quality . You can count the rivets on the planes ! I just ca n't wait to get to the Sun n ' Fun and Oshkosh airshows this year.I realize this lens is not professional grade , but it at least makes me look as if I am a half-decent photographer . The stabilization compensation for my inability to stay perfectly still makes all the difference in the world.Try and take a shot of wildlife or the moon with a non-stabilized lens and then try this one . It is an amazing difference.I was nervous about investing about the same money in a lens as I did the camera , but I have not been disappointed . It was certainly worth the investment and I will be able to use it on my future Canon camera upgrades , too .
 I debated a long time before buying this lens . I already had the Canon 55-250 and was getting pretty good shots , however , I wanted more reach . The 400L and 600L were way out of my pricerange so my options were stick with the 55-250 or get this lens . I did a google search re comparing this lens with the 55-250 and got lots of threads on photo forums where this was discussed . Most comments indicated if you already had the 55-250 it was foolish to spend $ 400 to get the additional 50 since you could gain the same by walking a few steps closer to your subject.But walking closer is not always an option . I enjoy photographing kiteboarders and surfers in action and walking a few steps closer means being up to my waste in water . Likewise shooting other types of sports action you ca n't walk onto the playing area in order to get closer to the subjects.So I bought this lens and am very glad I did . Now the subjects come closer to filling the frame and the photos are clearer and sharper than those taken with my 55-250 . Yesterday I had an experience that would have convinced me I made a wise decision if I had any doubts . When shooting kiteboarders I normally shoot Tv at 1/1000 because they are moving so fast and I do n't want blurring . Yesterday the wind was very good and the kiteboarders were going airborne . I had a field day and was certain I had lots of good shots . Until just before leaving I noticed that I was in P and had been shooting at a slower speed . I felt almost physically sick thinking about all the good shots that I 'd messed up by forgetting to switch to Tv 1/1000 . Staying and taking more was not an option because the wind had died down and the best kiteboarders had come ashore.What a wonderful surprise to upload those photos to my computer and find that even though shot between 1/395 and 1/512 , more than I would have expected based on my experience with the 55-250 were keepers . 1/1000 would have been better , but the photos were sharper than had I been shooting with the 55-250 and because I was shooting RAW and the blurring was minimal , I could correct for much of what there was in post processing.This lens is definitely sharper than my 55-250 . I have confirmed this many times over as I pull together photos of kiteboarders to make a kiteboard gallery . The photos taken with both lenses are good , but those taken with this lens are a little sharper , a little clearer , and require less post processing.And the subjects fill more of the frame , the desire for which was a major reason for buying the lens.I like to have a hood on my lenses to prevent possible flare , however , because this lens is long I decided against the plastic-type hood I have on other lenses . Instead , I purchased a rubber lens that you can collapse . It is not as deep as the plastic hood for this lens so does n't make the lens appear excessively long when in use , and because it collapses it takes up less space in the camera bag.Finally , I 'm using the lens on a Canon T2i , which is smaller than most of the other Canon SLRs . However , I have a battery pack , which makes the camera larger and provides more places to hold it . If it were not for the battery pack , I believe this lens would be difficult to manage on the T2i because of its length and weight ; the weight is about the same as the camera without the battery pack . It is noticeably longer and heavier than the 55-250 , which is a better size for the camera without a battery pack . So if you are thinking of using this lens on a T2i , I suggest you also consider getting a battery pack so that the lens is attached to a larger , heavier camera than is the case without the battery pack .
 I own several lenses - all Canon -LRB- except for one -RRB- - zoom and primes , but this is the lens I keep reaching for time and again . I have sons in marching band -LRB- one in college and the other in high school -RRB- . On a sunny day , coupled with a high quality 1.4 X adapter along with the 1.6 crop and you have almost 700mm of reach - enough to pull in faces across a stadium . I never realized how pathetic third party lenses were in the AutoFocus department until I purchased one . The AF speed and accuracy are worlds apart . Reviews say the AF stops working when using a 1.4 x adapter . Ummm , they got that wrong . The AF works just fine . Take off the 1.4 and you 're good for shooting in a dimly lit church . The IQ is solid with pleasantly surprising bokeh . And it is compact enough to make it through the stadium bag check . . something to think about . . I love my primes , but in the end this workhorse ai n't pretty to look at but it does the job week after week . .
 Although there are a few small minor issues with this lens , for the most part it is well worth the money , the IS works remarkably well and I have taken some extremely sharp photos with it and my Rebel XTi . The 70-300 range is versitle and I have even taken very clear shots of the moon , wildlife and far away scenery . The negatives have to do mostly with its construction
 This lens is great - I purchased it for wedding photography and it goes the distance . The image stabilizer is the best asset and it does drain the battery so keep an extra on hand !
 Absolutely the best lens I have ever used ! Color and saturation are excellent and the lens is sharper than any I 've ever seen . Stabilization works great as does the auto focus . Highly recommended .
 I 'm very happy I purchased this lens . I use it for my kid 's sporting events and I always get great photos . You can spend a lot more for an L lens , the 70-200 's or the new 70-300 L , but you 'll be very satisfied with this lens . The build quality is a little loose compared with the L series , still if you are not using it every day you 'll be happy .
 A few years ago , I made the amazing forward step UP to a Canon SLR from a point-and-shoot that I liked very much . The move took me into a hitherto unexplored spectrum of extraordinarily rewarding picture taking that was about as remarkable as adding a digital CD player to an outdated record machine with an average turntable . It had a 100 % WOW factor for me , the novice photographer with limited skill but -LRB- if I do say so myself -RRB- a pretty good eye for a great pic.I bought the Canon Rebel XTi with standard EFS 18-55mm lens ... very satisfactory , but relatively unremarkable in some ways . I wanted to `` take the next step '' UP by adding a great telephoto lens and found myself examining $ 1,200 - $ 1,700 lenses that scared me away for a while . When I garnered enough courage to return to the camera store , I discovered the EF 70-300 Zoom with Image Stabilizer and USM ... all the bells and whistles I wanted and a perceived level of quality and value that bought its way into my camera bag with relative ease . I became a BIG fan very quickly as I found that the lens easily multiplied my delight with the SLR digital photography experience and provided me with a considerable extension of the Rebel 's base capabilities.The results of this super `` duo '' have been no less than inspiring . And now , I 'm ready for step # 3 . So , oh universe of great photographer buddies , what shall be my next level of gratification ? I have definitely grown a lot in the last two years and want to add to my skills and volumes of happy experiences.Let me hear your comments and suggestions . Thanks.CP
 I recently switched from Sony to Canon . I really like the Canon cameras.I consider myself semi-pro and use a 7D and 40D . I have to saythat I struggle with Canon glass after using Sony/Minolta for so long.The 70-300USM IS is a good lens , but I would not say great and I used3 different lenses of this model to ensure that I got the sharpest that Icould find . I also did this with the 7D . If you want the sharpest camera/lens you will find that there can be verylarge variations in different batches of cameras/lenses for quality.I found the older the lens of this model to be the softest and the focushunt was much more pronounced.I also own a Canon 100-400L and it is very good in the field although itweighs a lot compared to the 70-300USM IS and the cost is any where fromdouble to triple depending on used or new deals.I find the images soft at 300mm , the AF is slow and on wildlife hunts and oftendoes not lock , but for the money and mobility it is a keeper until Canon offerssomething similar with better quality.I tried the 55-250 and if you are looking for sharpness pass on this lens . If you arelooking for a good all around lens its okay and smaller than the 70-300USM IS.This lens is okay from a semi-pro perspective and if I had not used the Sony 70-300Glens so extensively before switching I would probably be happier with this lens .
 Before buying this lens , I spent quite a bit of time debating between this lens and Canon 70-200 f4 L lens . The positive reviews and the IS feature of this lens swung my decision in favor of this lens . I have had this lens for about six months and I am extremely pleased with it . I am sure people will say that the 70-200 f4 L lens blows this lens out in various ways . But for some one who has a limited budget and for whom photography is just a hobby not a profession the value that his lens presents is hard to beat . I simply could n't justify spending $ 500 more to get the 70-200 f4 IS lens.The optical quality of this lens is really good . The pictures are sharp , with beautiful colors and contrast . This lens gives a very pleasing bokeh . Take a look at image 334 of customer images -LRB- African Daisy -RRB- to see what I mean . I have n't extensively tested the speed of Auto Focus , but from whatever little testing I did on flying birds I was satisfied by its performance . And finally the IS feature on this lens works really great .
 I have owned the 70-200 L lens and now I purchased the 70-300 IS . I like the 70-300 IS better and the pictures have been better . Actually I was disappointed when I bought the 70-200L but have not been disappointed with the 70-300 IS . I also owned the 70-300 non IS and would not recommend that one at all.I took pictures when it had rained all day and heavy overcast and the pictures were awesome . I would recommend this lens to anybody that 's not professional but wants some nice pics that are close to professional .
 Bought this lens a few months ago and have been very happy with all the photos since . I do n't think you can take a bad picture with this lens . I 've taken everything from drag racing pictures of dragsters going 320 MPH , to beautiful zoomed-in shots of flowers and butterflies with amazing results . Ca n't buy a better lens for the price . It focuses super fast and always takes clear shots . You 'll love it !!
 Do n't expect L quality from this lens . The build is not amazingly solid , it extends when zooming or being carried , and the focus is not silent.However , when stopped down to f/8 this lens is great . The IS is amazing . The focus is fast and accurate , and the build quality is good to very good . So for the price it 's an excellent buy . Just do n't expect miracles , and be willing to tolerate some softness wide-open at 300mm , and having it extend when carried pointing downwards.Update
 This is a terrific lens , the obvious benefit is the IS feature . But the lens lock is also a valuable feature . I sold my 75-300 US lens and purchased the 70-300 IS US lens so I could more easily capture birds in the wild . . What a difference Image Stabilization makes ! For a medium priced lens , you get some of Canon 's high priced values . I recommend this lens for any Canon EF mount user !
 Canon EF 70-300mm f/4 -5.6 IS USM Lens for Canon EOS SLR CamerasI bought my Rebel XT two weeks ago , and instantly knew I needed zoom capabilities . This lens not only does that , but it does it well . The images are clear and crisp , and I was able to get very good action shots . This lens focuses on the subject crisp and crystal clear , and blurs the background evenly and smoothly . I have no doubts about this lens .
 Just finished using this lens for the first time . Am very impressed with the results and the ease of use and speed of lens . Autofocus worked quickly enough to capture clean images at a Rugby match and IS function kept my pictures shake free all the way upto 300mm -LRB- the other side of the pitch -RRB- . Used with the Canon ET-65B Lens Hood .
 I read nearly every review and discussion about the Canon 70-300mm f/4 -5.6 IS USM lens , especially as compared with the Canon 70-200mm f/4L IS USM , and finally bought the 70-300 yesterday for my new Rebel T2i -LRB- 550D -RRB- . Particular concerns others have had were sharpness vs. the L , non-ring USM , and the extending , rotating lens barrel.So far I 'm quite satisfied . Shooting at f/8 I 've gotten some very nice test shots , including fast AF lock and good sharpness at 300mm on a flying seagull -LRB- which fills my computer monitor width at 100 % -RRB- . Sharpness at 200mm and 300mm seem about the same , but I like the extra reach of 300mm , either to fill the frame or to downsample for more sharpness . I think the biggest variable in the sharpness of my test photos is what part of the scene I lock focus on -LRB- as in a landscape with a lot of depth -RRB- ; I 'd conclude from my best shots that the lens itself is quite sharp . I 'm still learning the camera and lens.The extending , rotating lens barrel seems minor vs. the much greater cost , less reach , and greater size of the L lens . While shooting seagulls the AF did n't lock on plain blue sky and went blurry , so I quickly refocused on a building before looking for the next bird.I found sample images most useful to me , so I posted some of mine so far at -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- Google my name with Canon 70-300 -RRB- .
 The EF 70-300 IS USM is a superb lens . I 'm using it for sports and birding . Crisp . Focuses fast enough for US soccer . Have only used it in daylight . Have n't tried under lights yet . Easily images the goal from the half . Highly recommend it as an affordable alternative to the L series lenses .
 clarity and results of this lens are exceptional.i can stand in the bleachers and get excellent close-up shots of my son on the ball field . as he ran . . still very clear.when i downloaded my shots onto the pc , they could be blown up with incredible detail , so i can zoom and crop away . i have not tried this for indoor sports yet , so i can not attest to those circumstances.sale price is worth investment . i wanted the l lens , but went with this due to smaller size , they are both incredible lens .
 I use this lense for taking photos of wildlife here in the area where I live . Also when the Blue Angels come to town will use it then as they fly over my home . The pictures come out great with my canon digital rebel .
 The addition of the Canon EF70-300mm with IS lens to my purchase of the Rebel XTi body has allowed this very average amature picture taker to now call himself an up an coming amature photographer . The range and image quality of the lens along with with the IS feature are very forgiving , consistently providing clear , sharp , images . The lens is light enough for me to take it everwhere , even hanging from the strap over my neck . I now often leave the stock 18-55mm lens at home in favor of what is now my favorite .
 I 'll make this short -- there are plenty of other more qualified people who can give a good technical review of this lens . My kids are in marching band and they participate in a lot of events so I like to take a lot of pictures and the pictures are generally taken from off of the field either on the ground or in the stands . The previous lens that I had just was n't long enough , so after reading through all of the reviews here and elsewhere , I got this lens . I love it . Plain and simple . I have had no problems with it . I have used it at all focal lengths and have seen no problems with softness at 300mm , but maybe that 's because I 'm not taking pictures of charts and then zooming in on the corners of the picture and looking for problems . When I first got it , I tried it out in the quiet early morning hours in my house and the IS did seem a little noisy . I checked this out on the internet and from what I read it seemed normal . Once I knew that it was normal , I quit worrying about and I have n't noticed it since . This is an excellent lens , the AF and IS work fine , no slowness or jerkiness with either one . I will definitely recommend this lens to my friends .
 I am new to the DSLR world . I have a Canon EOS 60D with the 18-135mm kit lens , both of which I highly recommendCanon EOS 60D 18 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 3.0-Inch LCD and 18-135mm f/3 .5 -5.6 IS UD Standard Zoom Lens . The 135mm focal length just did n't reach out to parts of the soccer field I wanted to shoot . This Canon EF 70-300mm lens has been perfect for both soccer & baseball games . The Image Stabilization really seems to help me get great hand held shots , even at 300mm . I take pictures for our school 's yearbook , and this lens has produced a lot of great shots so far . I have n't experimented with other lenses of similar length so I ca n't do any comparing . I debated on getting a Sigma 70-300mm , Tamron 70-300 and the Canon 55-250mm -LRB- all of which are under the $ 200 price range -RRB- . I am so glad I went with this lens . I could not afford an `` L '' series yet , so this was the next best thing.Check out the pictures I have shared . They are action shots at 300mm focal length.Having the Zoom Lock is a really nice feature .
 It is a good buy for the money ; however , the lens does go soft at 300mm . It is much better at 70mm and 200mm . The softness in my lens was not apparent until I magnified the image on my 60D . I was shooting some picures of a hawk -LRB- who turned out to be a very cooperative model , by the way -RRB- , and when I magnified the picture to check to see if I had gotten the eyes sharp , I could see that the eyes were not tack sharp . I mounted the camera on a tripod , used a cable release , and the sharpness improved but still was not tack sharp . I decided to shoot the brick wall on my house at 70mm , 200mm and 300mm with the camera mounted on a tripod and again using a cable release . Again , I magnified the image as high as it would go and checked it . At 70mm the picture was very sharp . At 200mm it was slightly less sharp but still excellent . At 300mm though the picture was quite soft . Is this a fair test ? Yes and no . With my Canon 100mm macro lens I used live view magnified to focus on the stamen of a flower , and the picture was tack sharp even at the highest magnification , so the act of magnifying the picture , in and of itself , is a fair test of a lens . But , of course , the 70-300mm is not a macro lens and ca n't be expected to perform like one . And , in fairness , most of the zoom lenses that I see reviewed also show some degree of softness at the longest setting . So , in conclusion , buy the lens but if you see softness at the long end do n't be surprised . -LRB- P.S. Prior to my experience here , the lens had been thoroughly overhauled by Canon as part of a recall program . -RRB-
 I bought this lens about 2 years ago and have taken some great , sharp shots with it . The IS is excellent in both modes . I 'm glad it has the zoom lock because without it the lens will flop out . Since buying this lens I have added some L 's to my lineup and have gotten a bit spoiled . If I could do it over again , I would buy the 70-200 f/4L IS instead of this lens even though it is white -LRB- I hate to stand out -RRB- . I hate that the 70-300 does not have ring-type USM . It has the micro motor USM that you can not manual focus unless you flip a switch . If you can swing the price difference and do n't mind the shorter focal length , I would recommend getting the 70-200 instead.Update : I just noticed on the description of this lens on Amazon , they claim it has ring-type USM -LRB- the better , faster auto focus with full-time manual focus in one shot mode -RRB- . This is FALSE , it has micro motor USM -LRB- slower to auto focus and NO full-time manual focus -RRB- .
 Updated 4-20-09Having used it for a few months and comparing it to a 400mm f/5 .6 L , I still think you get a lot of bang for your bucks for this lens . Sure it is a little soft and does hunt a bit on AF sometimes , but you are looking at a 500.00 dollars tele zoom , in my opinion , you get more than what you pay for . Though nowhere sharp near a L lens , it is still quite sharp , pretty good low light performance and very light and compact . I probably would not used it much for small birds but I will still use this on people and landscape . Unless you plan to get a L lens in the near future or are birding , you will be very happy with this.Updated 2-18-09After using this for about 2 months , I would still say for the price you pay it is a very good lens . I have some good pictures from it on birds and birds in flight . Having said that , it is still kind of on the soft side , but look at the money you are paying for it , you really can not complain . I am going to keep this for close range birds in the backyard and indoor/auditorium shoot , but looking to get the 100-400mm 4.5 L or 400mm 5.6 L for better birds shoot.Updated 1-2-09Do perform the AF Microadjustment , it does make a difference even if you can not get it spot on.A very good lens for those on a tight budget . For this price you can not go wrong . Do not take the free Tiffen filter , use the credit for a Hoya coated filter .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my son . Based on recommendations from friends this was the lens to purchase for the type of application for use . It was reasonably priced verses other websites . It is easy to attach and for the recreational photographer it is an excellent buy !
 If you need a telezoom , this lens is a good option . Fast focus , two IS mode and good sharpness . I am not a professional , but I recommend .
 This lens does the job for telephoto ! At 4ft away the macro shots are not too bad either . Great lens .
 Excellent order response from Amazon/Adorama . Great price and more in line based upon the quality of the lens by Canon . It is a hobbyist lens and not a pro lens thus the focus is a bit slow on it -LRB- using 400D slr , the 55-250 seems to be just a bit more responsive on focus adjustment.Not a bad lens and sure beats the manual 70-300 non IS lens .
 Great len . I have taken thousands of pictures with it since I opened the package . Wonderful colors and saturation . I would recommend this lens to everyone .
 i 've been using this lense now for about a month and a half and i really enjoy it . the 300mm gives a good reach , but i still prefer to stay in the 70-200mm zoom if i can help it . the image quality is nice , but i recomend a tripod to be used with it , unless its a really bright day . the first thing i noticed out of the box is that the focus ring and barrel have a little bit of play in them . at first i was concerned but then i went to a local camera shop and looked at another version of the lense right out of the box , and it was the same . the person working there also told me that the focus ring is that way due to the USM gears and how they work . the only other complaint i have is that the barrel extends when zooming , and that will cause you to have to refocus and watch where you 're swinging that huge lense lol ! other than that it 's great and i do n't have buyers remorse . it was a good purchase !
 I really do enjoy this lens ! It takes honestly sharp pictures , even at night in the parking lot from a building far away it ! Only gripe I have is wow this lens is very long , and I might return it only because of that only that . Other than if that does n't concern you -LRB- if your considering purchasing this look at the specs with a measuring tape , then do it again with it zoomed out and see if your comfortable with that -RRB- I just ca n't : -LRB-
 Got this to shoot elephant seals on central California coast . Very sharp lens . Construction feels solid . Front of lens rotates during focus which means ca n't use polarizer during action shots . Wish lens was faster , but that would make it much more expensive .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my wife who is an amateur photographer . She loves it . She 's impressed with the portrait capability , color and clarity for the price . Since she 's happy , I 'm happy .
 I am enjoying the new telephoto lens . It does a great job
 I love it ! Met my expectations.Why I have to put a lot of information here ? I just LOVE it !
 I had the EF 70-300 mm lenses for some years and decided to upgrade to the IS version rather than go for a large aperture prime 300 mm or a lens from Sigma etc. . I have not been disappointed . The overall performance of the lens is better even with the Image Stabilization switched off , and with the IS switched there is a significant improvement . I use this lens when traveling &#34; light &#34; and do n't have room for my large zoom lens . The autofocus works much faster than my old lens and does n't hunt as much , but it can still be fooled especially with moving objects like birds in flight . Overall glad I opted for this lens
 This is a good lense for the price . I only purchased it because I got such a good deal . I would save up and get a bigger and better lense in the future .
 I just purchased this lens from this seller and I am very impressed . It looks and performed like new , came in the original Canon box with all the documentation . I am very pleased with this seller and this product and this price .
 I bought this lens because I wanted a 70-300mm lens to complement my 18-55mm lens . Little did i know this lens was of much better quality than the one the camera originaly came with . It opened my eyes to a whole new world of photography . Now this lens stays on my camera permanently even though it is a long lens . Every review I read they talk about how this and that lens is better than the one that comes with the Rebel t3i but I 've never heard them use the word &#34; mediocre &#34; to describe the lens that comes with the camera . Had anyone used the word &#34; mediocre &#34; to describe that lens I would 've upgraded long time ago . I 'm an amateur photographer but even I would 've noticed the huge difference in picture quality .
 It does everything you want . The IS is essential for my outdoor photography , mostly birds . I received it packaged as described . Great deal so far .
 A good deal on a good lens . I found it to be exactly as described and in perfect condition . Great .
 A bit heavier , wider and much longer than my old reliable EF 75-300mm lens . Obviously it has the same &#34; reach &#34; but the Image Stabilizer makes all the difference in the world . It comes with two mode selections , 1 for stationary targets and 2 for targets in motion . I played around with both when shooting a plane that I could see the colors but no detail . I used both modes to shoot the target . Later when I brought the images up in iPhoto , with Mode 1 , I could see the plane 's US Navy side markings with a very slight blur . With mode 2 , all the plane 's markings came in so clear I could now read the tail letters , an amazing difference . Same result with birds I shot flying around some evergreen trees and power lines . When they were stationary , Mode 1 gave me some great shots . I used the lens to shoot two basketball games . Overall I 'm very happy the results , most action -LRB- fast-paced -RRB- photos were clear and the lighting vibrant . I experimented with both the AF/MF functions , with my 75-300mm by best distance shots came when using MF , so far with this lens , the best distance shots are coming with AF . I have a Canon T4i and used the AF function to video birds , planes and sporting events with mixed results . This brings me to my one and only &#34; CON &#34; with this lens , the Image Stabilizer makes a &#34; ton &#34; of mechanical noise in a serene environment , although with sporting events , I hardly notice it . Shooting video using the onboard mike amplifies the noise -LRB- worse than wind -RRB- . Reading reviews and blogs confirmed to me that this is a normal function so I 'm learning to ignore it when shooting images and do workarounds when using my camera 's video function . Well that 's my review , I love the lens and I am satisfied that it is a worthwhile upgrade over the 75-300mm .
 This lens is really that good . Gives crisp clear photos . Easy to use . Another Canon product that does not dissapoint .
 This lens was purchased to get closer views at sporting events . It does everything I hoped it would do . At near maximum zoom it filled the frame with the action . I recently attended an Indy car race . I could shoot the cars right across from me very well and get decent shots of the cars across the track . The image stabilization gave excellent clarity even at maximum zoom . The AF focus point on your Canon SLR may need to be narrowed . Occasionally the camera autofocus would lock onto the guard rail or fence post rather than the car . A little experimentation with the camera adjustment will allow you to use this lens in a predictable manner . The weight and balance is good . I had no hand fatigue from using it all day .
 I debated for a long time between purchasing this lens versus the more expensive L-series . I know that I made the right choice after using this lens for about 2 months . It has given me tack sharp images up to approx . the 275mm focal length but softens slightly at full length . It is easy to mount , moderate weight and has excellent 2 mode IS capability . Sample shots are posted .
 When I bought this lens , I was looking for something that had longer reach than my 18-55 kit lens on my XT . I was pleasantly surprised with how much I liked the lens ... though it did n't blow me out of the water.After shooting for a couple years and handling some really nice L series glass , this lens feels crazy cheap . The main thing I dislike about this lens is how the front element extends and rotates when it focuses . Also , you can not manual focus while it 's in AF . Canon NEVER includes the lens hood which sucks but I believe it 's necessary especially when shooting facing the sun.Performance : I originally bought this lens to get better images at the local speedway , but have recently used it on my 5d2 to shoot recreational sports . After a few stints in flag football , I realized that it 's a terrific lens given you want to get up real close . You have to be really picky w / the framing and extremely conscious of the backgrounds and distance-to-subject to get decent bokeh . This -LRB- http://photos-e.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs084.snc3/15137_180353043674_818528674_2807800_328474_n.jpg -RRB- as opposed to this -LRB- http://photos-h.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs028.snc3/11563_176623333674_818528674_2780434_578842_n.jpg -RRB- . It 's only a f4-5 .6 and not a f2 .8 , and while great images are not totally dependent on that fact , it would definitely be nice to have those extra stops.The IS is great and has two modes ; one for all around IS and one for panning . So that feature coupled with the newer cameras ' ISO capabilities = good slow shutter , hand-held performance.But all in all , it 's a good bang for buck for the avid amateur . I 've listed my gripes but considering all of them , I 'd buy this lens again if I was tight on cash but needed the reach . If you can afford it , get a better , faster lens i.e. the 70-200 2.8 L.
 Nice overall lens for taking close up shots from far away . Great for our kids sporting events .
 I love this lens . I had the Sigma 70-300mm zoom lens but wanted to have the image stabilizer in this one . This is a very versatile lens and is easy to carry for an all around lens . If I could only carry one , this would be my choice . The pictures are clear and sharp . This is one of my very favorite lens .
 I searched a lot before buying this lens and it was hard to decide between this lens and EF 70-200 F/4 L.At the end I bought this one and after my first few days I can say that it is more than satisfactory.Pictures are sharp and even at 300 mm . under low light you can have some brilliant pictures.One thing that can be criticised is that you can hear some noise when auto focusing and it becomes longer and longer when you focus at 300mm . :-RRB- but it does not bother me .
 I agonized about which lens to purchase . I wanted one that gave me a range of features and crisp sharp images . This lens gives me everything I wanted .
 i feel like paparazzi , this is fantasticworked WONDERS while photographing my last wedding ; it was like i was standing at the altar with themrecommend
 I was very impressed with this lens . I originally tried out 70-200mm L glass series lens and sold it to buy this one . Much better reach and the image stabilization made up for it being a slower lens . Pictures are sharp and clear , great for kid 's sporting events and wildlife shots . I also own the 28-135 mm lens , which is a great all purpose lens .
 I have been using this lens for a month or so for long range shooting form inside a vehicle . With the engine running and my shaky arms , it still takes clear pictures . When you zoom in on the computer you can see only minimal blur . For the price and what you get , I feel like I got a great deal .
 The short version : Pros : The optical quality is great , the speed is terrific , and it compares well to the 70-200mm lens that people like to say blows this out of the water -LRB- I believe they are wrong - but we will get into that later -RRB- and finally , the price can not be beaten . Buy it.Cons : No hood , extends as it zooms , and the quality of the picture in low light situation lessens a little.The long version : I am writing this in simple terms . I found several , several reviews on this lens but they were all in technical terms and leaves you scratching your head a little . So , if you are like me maybe this review will help you.I bought this lens a couple months ago from US1Photo.com -LRB- check these guys out . They regularly have significant sales and terrific customer service -RRB- . I use this lens with a Canon 40D . I take several types and styles of pictures so I needed a lens that would do the best job at several things and have a very affordable price -LRB- right at or less than $ 1,000 -RRB- . I looked through new , used , third party -LRB- Tamron , Sigma , etc -RRB- lenses , and read too many reviews and looked at too many images to count , and spent four hours in a photography store playing with lenses before I decided to spend money and take advantage of this lens . All in all I spent about a week 's worth of time in research and testing before I bought this lens . -- Edit : Okay , so amazon wo n't let me put a link here . This is how you find me . ~ Go to Flickr ~ Then type in a '' / '' then `` photos '' then '' / '' and last type in `` gman_five0 `` And that should take you there . -- Test of comment # 1 : ~ The Canon EF 70-300mm f/4 -5.6 IS USM does not track moving objects very well and the farther to the end of the zoom the slower the tracking . -LRB- Flickr Gallery page 2 -RRB- This , I have found , to be completely wrong . I have used the lens at several sporting events and found that it tracks rather nicely . I was able to track every step of a base-runner from first base to second , slide , and recovery after the play without losing ONE shot.To see what I am talking about check out my gallery on Flickr . The older ones are NOT done with this lens or camera and taken , actually , several years ago . I will reference the pictures in question.Safe , Got There By a Mile , Breaking Up That Double Play -LRB- please note that as time goes on from the date that this was posted the pictures may have been re-moved -RRB- . Also , `` Safe '' was used instead of another shot taken at the same time and angle with a 70-200mm IS lens.To take these shots I used `` AI focus '' and the `` H '' settings on my camera for quicker tracking and the H settings for about 6 frames per second.Test of Comment # 2 : ~ The 200-300mm range is nice in theory , but a tack-sharp photo from the 70-200mm f/4L at 200mm is going to look better cropped than a 300mm full-frame photo from this lens.Again , I found this to be wrong . Though I have no actual `` full sized '' picture for this if you comment back with an email address then we can arrange a viewing of one . Otherwise , take my word for it , I own several lenses and this one stacks up well . -LRB- Ref Flickr Gallery -RRB- The pictures from the Dance Theater and Tashina were all taken at the 200-300mm focus lengths . Again , they are not full sized because of photo pirates , but if you email me we can see about full sized shots.Test of Comment # 3 : ~ The IS motor is loudI do not know what these people are talking about , but if you call that loud ... On the other hand , I have heard -LRB- once -RRB- , the sound of the IS motor , but if you are not listening for it you will not even notice it.Things I have found about the lens : If you spend some time with the lens will be one of your best friends . It is a great lens especially for people on a budget -LRB- like me -RRB- . To take the best pictures you can not just twist it on and go to shooting . Take the time to LEARN about the lens -LRB- change shutter speeds , ISO settings , aperture , white balances , etc -RRB- and it will show you where it shines - just like the L series lenses and the 70-200mm IS.This lens has a solid make and feels like it will last forever . Then again , as you zoom the lens does extend and is plastic . So , watch out if you are doing sports . You may get it knocked off . It did well for me , though . Extending while zooming makes putting a hood on the lens a bit -LRB- very little ; so little that you can not tell -RRB- awkward and it looks kinda goofy.I like the lens because it is not as bulky as the 70-200mm lens and it is extremely mobile . It is as quick as some other lenses , not as quick as some , and quicker than others . It will give you great quality pictures . It does have its limits , however
 I bought this lens as a replacement for the earlier 75-300mm IS lens . I was generally happy with that lens , but it had definite limitations - I needed to shoot at f8 or f11 and bump up the ISO to get a decent shutter speed.This new version seems sharp at full zoom even wide open , allowing me to use a lower ISO setting . Size is similar to older version , but the IS seems more effective - looking through the lens when it kicks in you can actually see the image become more stable and less shaky . I got this over the Canon 70-200 f4 L because of the extra reach , smaller size -LRB- slightly -RRB- and the images I 've seen from both are very similar.UPDATE
 After debating between this and the 70-200 L series I decided to purchase this lens . I have been pleasantly surprised by the results . I also own the 17-85 and the 50mm 1.8 lenses and I have found that I have gotten the `` most pleasing '' results from this lens . The pictures have been very sharp from my 20D - even in the 200mm - 300mm range . I 've also been happy with the quality of the bokeh.The primary drawback I see is that the AF tends to hunt a fair amount when confronted with low contrast images . That being said , I used it for some flying bird shooting at the wildlife refuge and was surprised to see how many of the shots were in sharp focus . However , it was a little bit of all or nothing . Several shots were also wildly out of focus . Since the lens is fairly slow to focus , you never know what you 're gon na get with such a fast moving object against the distant sky.I had much more consistent results when shooting soccer , softball and football in the park . The AF speed did not present an issue for any of these activities and the results were excellent.I wish the lens were a little less expensive but I the prints I have gotten from my 13 X 19 printer have been worth the extra money .
 Just returned from a trip to Hawaii and had the opportunity to put this lens to the test . I was very pleased with the results . This is a powerful lens , yet it is relatively light weight and not burdensome to use . I was able to get some really amazing wild life shots of birds , zooming in from a distance with a hand held camera -LRB- Canon EOS 20D -RRB- and virtually every shot was a keeper . The IS feature allows you to quickly zoom and compose your shot and fire it off and the image quality is excellent with sharp focus . Usually a lens this size with this much power requires a firm grip and almost always a tripod - not so with this one . I shot in both portrait and landscape mode and I did n't see any problems with focus , clarity or sharpness . All the images were clean and razor sharp . If you are looking for a long lens with the ability to bring in a distant shot without having to use tripods and other equipment , I highly recommend this lens for your arsenal .
 The Canon EF 70-300mm f4-5 .6 IS USM telephoto zoom lens replaces the first Image Stabilizer lens of its kind , the Canon 75-300mm f4-5 .6 telephoto zoom lens . It offers now up to three - as opposed to two - apertures in image stabilizing mode , as well as slightly wider focal length . The current June 2006 Popular Photography issue has a fine test report on this lens , showing that it is capable of excellent contrast and resolution in the range from 70mm to 200mm ; at 300mm , both contrast and resolution decline slightly to very good , but still an excellent result for a zoom lens in this class . It is also fully compatible with Canon 's digital SLR cameras -LRB- 112-480mm equivalent -RRB- , with improved lens coatings optimised for digital sensors . Without question this is an excellent lens for the Canon photographer interested in excellent nature and landscape photography , without resorting to a sturdy tripod to hold both the camera and lens ; thus it is also quite suitable for handhold panning shots at most outdoor sporting events held under good weather conditions .
 I have used a different brand 70-300mm zoom before which worked well , but it was noisy and slow to focus . The Canon 70-300mm is absolutely silent and extremely fast in focusing , and produces absolutely outstanding photos . So good in fact , that I have posted a few of the images under this lens for you to judge yourself . Photos that I took at the Atlanta Zoo , under all types of lighting conditions . The lens produced incredible photos . All were hand-held shots , most of which were at the full 300mm range . And the IS is incredible . I had one photo which was taken in the shade and I was shooting with aperture priority and wide open . I did not realize how well the IS stabilized my photo till I looked at the exif data on my Flickr site - the shutter speed was 1/10th of a second , hand-held , and at 275mm . What more can you say about a lens , to obtain sharp photos like that . This lens is an absolute winner for me ! For a sharp , fast , quiet lens with a tremendous zoom range , this is the next lens you want to buy !
 Well today I was like a kid with a new toy just got my new 70-300 mm this is my first image stabilizing lens so I was excited to try it outso i took off my 70-200 4 L probably a good lens to compare with.Well first thing is the weight it 's light and inconspicuous compared to my 70-200 L with its black finish , it feels very nice and its fast to focus , image stabilizion is excellent -LRB- Featuring the latest 3-stop Image Stabilizer for camera shake reduction -RRB- and the range is great 112mm to 480 mm on my XT Rebel.Colours and sharpnesss are a not nice as my 70-200 f4 Lbut image stabilization and weight and extra range make it very attractive , I am happy with it would liked a pouch and hood for the money come on canon it 's only a piece of plastic!see some picture unedited and some edited on my sitep.s I am not a professional.http : / / www.pbase.com/2bruce/gallery/canon_70-300_usm_is_
 I bought this lens to replace an EF 100-300mm -LRB- USM -RRB- that we had from my wife 's film shooting days -LRB- not a common lens to have , apparently ; the 75-300mm seems to be more widespread -RRB- . That older lens produced some surprisingly good pictures -LRB- quite sharp -RRB- , but handheld shots were hard to get right at long focal lengths.The image stabilization feature of this lens works remarkably well , but it 's quite a bit noisier than that of the EF-S 17-85mm IS -LRB- my first IS lens ; you hardly hear the IS gyrations at all on that one -RRB- . The sharpness is quite good -LRB- probably a tad better than that of the EF 100-300mm , although it 's not a foremost strength of this lens in my opinion -RRB- . I was surprised by how much faster I can acquire focus with this lens , even though reviews suggested that it still falls short of L-series lenses -LRB- see e.g. the `` flying gull '' shot I uploaded to the `` customer images '' set -RRB- . If you want to shoot hand-held at 150mm + , I do n't think this lens has much competition under $ 1000 for Canon EOS users .
 I read countless of reviews of this and the Canon L-series 70-200 lenses , and opted for this for my Digital Rebel XT . I have no regrets . As an active amateur looking for a flexible telephoto zoom for family , sports , and nature photography , the 70-300 IS has not disappointed.The importance of the IS ca n't be understated . I wanted to work without a tripod in most circumstances -LRB- soccer games , nature hikes with my son , etc. -RRB- , and the IS allows me to get great long shots with little loss of quality . I 'm sure the L lenses have great optics , but with the IS , the L lenses would have been WAY too expensive for my needs.The lense searches a bit when using AF , but a minor quibble . Fast enough for me , and I 'm very happy with image quality .
 This is a great lens that does the average thing really well . For still shots -LRB- Weddings , city trips , parks , wildlife -LRB- zoos , safaris -RRB- , some birds -LRB- that do n't move and are fairly big like over 5-8 inches etc -RRB- , its a great lens . If you have a great deal of action or movement , you better park it in your bag and whip out a fast lens , like the 70-200 , or the 50 mm 1.4 etc. . Overall , you wo n't regret buying this lens because it gives excellent value for the money . Most camera brands have a lens of this sort and range -LRB- Nikon , Pentax , Canon to name a few -RRB- and they are meant to achieve the average thing and reasonable zoom really well . These are also the cash cows of the lens department . Even professionals use them because they are fun to use and get you good results when the light is good and the subject is at not too great a distance away and time on your side . If you are a pixel junkie and spend a lot of time in front of Lightroom , possibly you have a heavier wallet as well capable of the onslaught of the big guns like the 4,5,6 or 800 mm . For the average to serious hobbyist , this is a great piece of glass.Having raved about the lens , let me tell you it is 90 - 100 dollars less on other sites . I have seen this item on Amazon vary from 575 to upper 400 's . I do n't understand Amazon 's pricing algorithm sometimes . It is so annoying to find this lens being priced in such a moody un-fixed manner . Stick to a price and leave it at that .
 Just a short blurb on how impressed I was by this lense 's IS feature . I have IS on the 3 other Canon lenses I have . All state they should eleminate up to 3 stops . This lense is obvious that it works to that level . I put the movie mode on my T2i and you can really see the amount of shake the IS takes out of the image . Very impressive . Only negative I can give this lense is that the IS mechanism was audible . You really notice when it 's working with a slight hum from the lense . You do n't hear it out and about , but in a quite room it took me a while to figure out where that new noise was coming from . Auto focus usually makes noise , but this is the only lense I 've used that hummed while the IS was working .
 I have been using this lens for a month now , and could not be happier with it . My pictures are crisp and clear , and have found that even extended to the full 300mm without a tripod , the image stabilization works extremely well . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 For the price I consider this to be a good value in a telephoto lens with image stabilization . On my Canon Rebel it is a 480mm lens when zoomed out the produces photographs with very decent sharpness and image quality .
 I love this lens . I have a regular 70-300mm lens but I wanted to have the image stability . I am often in the field without a tripod and the image stability really helps with camera shake . It has brought the love back to taking photos .
 I love , love , love this lens . It is amazing how far away you can get a clear picture . I upgraded from a point and shot camera to a DSLR , and I am not disappointed with what this lens can do !!
 This has been the best lens for me ! Our sons are active in sports and the distance to capture the shot is wonderful . There is some noise coming from the lens but to an amateur like me I do n't really notice it . Sometimes the AF is slow but I attribute that to my lack of know-how . I pictures , when in focus , are clear and crisp . I love this lens !
 Recently bought this lens for a trip to Yellowstone . It performed quite well ; very intuitive , easy to handle , and easy to swap between my standard lens and this one on my Rebel T-2 . Managed to get some good shots of grizzlies and a black bear , as well as bison , etc. . At times I wished I had gone with a longer lens , the bighorn sheep were quite a distance off , so a longer -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- lens would have been helpful . But , for general purpose , and portability -LRB- which was one of my main criteria -RRB- , I was more than satisfied . The optics are clear and focusing precise.It would be nice if they offered a hard case for the lens ; my old Tamron telezoom had a nice hardened foam lined leather case ; alas I could not find one for this so I substituted a Tamrac , nylon and foam case that worked adequately .
 For the most part , could n't be happier with this purchase . Only real issue is with using the auto-focus to track rapidly moving targets at events like an airshow . At long focal lengths , it is occasionally a bit tough to keep the focus dot on the aircraft and then the lens will basically focus on the infinite sky background instead of on the airplane . This cost me a few shots , but I still got a number of good ones that I really like . I have an older Canon Digital Rebel and the camera/lens combo produces great shots , with crisp colors , both indoors and outside . Definitely glad I went with the Canon lens and not one from a third-party manufacturer .
 After reading tons of reviews , I decided to buy this Canon Lens . All I can say is WOW . I wanted to replace my old kit 75-300mm and this was the best choice for the buck . I highly recommend this lens .
 A Great lens that really reaches out for super closeups . very sharp , close to L quality . The IS is flawless in both modes , birds in flight are unblieveable . Pricey , but you get what you pay for .
 UPDATE
 I have owned this lens for about 2 years and have taken close to 5000 photos with it . At best , I consider myself an ` advanced amateur ' that spends 95 % of the time taking landscape or wildlife pics . I use this lens on a 50D . I love photography but unfortunately at this stage of my life I can not afford the `` L '' quality lenses that so many of us can only dream of . Maybe one day . This lens fit nicely into my budget and I was pleasantly surprised at the optical quality.Pros : * Pictures are very sharp * The image stabilization is great . I have consistently handheld at 1/30 second when shooting at full zoom and the pics still came out sharp -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . Even lucked up at 1/15 second occasionally . * Affordable * Built solid * Love the fact that you can lock the zoom down at 70mm when in transportCons : * At times I have had issues with the focus not wanting to lock in when the lens is at full zoom and wide open . It does n't happen often but can be aggravating when it does . * The focusing time seems slower than any other lens I have.Overall I love this lens and for the money it is a great buy . The focusing issue is relatively minor and would not keep me from recommending this lens to anyone .
 Purchased this lens to extend my reach and complete my lens gear . I now own 50D camera body , EF 50mm F/1 .4 , EFS 10-22mm F/3 .5 -4.5 , EF 24-105mm F/4L , and now this EF 70-300mm F/4 -5.6 . I am not a professional photographer , but consider myself an advanced hobbyist and still learning . When I first received my new lens , I took it outside on an overcast day and took some scenery shots using the 50D camera body . I took several shots of the same subject -LRB- some plants -RRB- with different zoom settings . I also took corresponding shots at zoom setting of 70mm and 100mm using the EF 24-105mm F/4L with the same settings -LRB- aperture = 7.1 , shutter = 1/200 , ISO = 800 , etc. -RRB- with the same 50D camera body.I did a `` one-to-one '' comparison of these shots on the computer . The shots with the 24-105mm F/4L showed better contrast and color saturation ; however , the sharpness of the two lenses appeared to be comparable . The 70-300mm shots for higher zooms -LRB- 135mm , 200mm , and 300mm -RRB- also showed about the same IQ as the 70mm and 100mm zooms . I also cropped the 100mm zoomed picture from the 24-105mm L to correspond to the same uncropped picture taken with 300mm zoomed picture from the 70-300mm and made a `` direct '' comparison . There was a noticeable improvement in detail with the uncropped 70-300mm , primarily due to higher resolution.The 70-300mm is not quite L quality ; however , a very good lens for the price .
 I had the 70-200 L F/4 usm without the IS , I returned that lens . Without IS it was not worth keeping for me , to many blurry pictures -LRB- must be on a tripod -RRB- So I exchanged it for this 70-300 IS USM about the same price too . Love it !! Made it all worth while . It 's pretty good at up close , not a macro lens . Great with 300mm , Clear and sharp at all ranges . nice walk around lens for me . Very Happy with this purchase .
 I have had this lens now for only a few days but I think it 's a great lens overall . Not quiet 5 stars as you 'll see below : Cons :1 . I have read that at 300mm -LRB- 480 on my XTi -RRB- that images begin to get a little soft . I have noticed this too however I think it is sharper than my previous 70-300mm Tamron lens .2 . This lens drains batteries faster than any other lens I 've had . I imagine it 's because of the IS -LRB- even if it 's off -RRB- . I was having a problem on my XTi when I only had 2 bars left on the battery . I have the Canon power grip too , so I had 2 batteries in there . When it was at about 2 -LRB- nearly 1 bar I imagine -RRB- my Camera would take a picture and even use IS with the lens , but after the shutter opened it would close and the lcd screen on my XTi would not work . The power light would stay `` on '' on the camera even if I turned it off . I had to remove batteries then I could take one more picture and same thing happend . I read on message boards about this error , and it seems it 's just the draining of the battery , so make sure you have a backup battery ! : -RRB- 3 . The lens is a little heavy , not that bad , but if you were going to be walking around all day -LRB- which I do -RRB- ; I think alterating hands and lens throughout a day will be okay .4 . Not a `` L '' lens . Image quality will not be quite as sharp but hardly noticable.Pros :1 . Not a `` L '' lens . Yes I know that was a con too , but basically what I mean here is that it 's not going to standout like an `` L '' lens does -LRB- the L lens pro series has a white body instead of black like this one -RRB- .2 . Compact . Fits nicely in my Canon backpack .3 . IS . You can really see the difference at 300mm while looking through the view finder , even before you take the picture . IS is great ! 4 . Price ! For a Canon lens I think the price here on Amazon is spot on . Great lens and well worth the price .5 . Image Quality . I feel this lens is better than my old Tamron lens.Well overall I think this lens deserves a 4 . Great lens . Oh and go ahead and buy the hood , it 's worth it too .
 I 'm going with this lens over the 75-200 f/4L lens , the IS and extra zoom are worth the sacrifice of build quality and slight sharpness increasePros
 I bought this lens after returning the canon 75-300 that I was very unhappy with.This lens has impressed me every step of the way and yielded some excellent images . I highly recommend it . and if your on the fence like I was trying to decide if you need the IS or not . Just do it . you wont be sorry , My only regret was wasting my time with the non IS version.Click order and enjoy . You will thank me .
 My review is about the image quality you can expect from this lens - caution - I 'm a lens addict and probably a pixel peeper.Update 7/12
 I am very satisfied with the performance of the image stabilzed feature of the lens . Last week in the Galapagos Islands , I took a number of shots of birds in flight and in the distance . The clarity of the photos is excellent and much better than my old 70-300mm lens .
 The EF 70-300mm 4-5 .6 IS USM lens -LRB- not DO -RRB- is the best midrange lens for price and image quality . It is a good choice for the advanced amateur , and the only comparable quality lenses available would be in the expensive L series .
 I bought this lens to replace the Canon 75 - 300 mm EF lens I used with my film Rebel . I wanted the IS and USM . It certainly was worth the money . I was able to get some amazing action photos at my daughter 's lacrosse game . I had taken pictures at a previous game with my old lens and really ended up deleting most of them with a few keepers . With this lens , I probably kept 90 % . Even the pictures I took before I realized the IS was off were good . It was fast to focus and easy to handle . It 's a little heavy but that 's to be expected . I 've only used it once for a indoor shot of a co-worker doing a presentation ... with my 430 EX flash , even that came out well . I have found it to be a great investment and addition to the couple of lenses I own .
 This was a fantastic lense to use having the feature - image stabilization.Upon each hand held , photo I took , when slightly pressing the shutter , you could hear a faint motor kick in , and the image stabilizer immediately froze the movement of camera shake , allowing then to snap the photo . It was incredible and the zooming power was great .
 I looked at the `` L '' series lenses also before buying this lens and just could n't justify the additional cost -LRB- but I liked those white barrels ! -RRB- and am more than happy with it . I used the lens to photograph a weekend softball tournement in sun and rain and was very happy with it 's performance . It was able to focus very quickly and my images are sharp and clear . I would suggest a monopod for that kind of shooting-not taht the lens is that heavy , it 's just a lot of waiting for a few frantic shots . I didn but a lens hood and UV filter to help protect the lens . Great quality and so far it has worked perfect-my favorite lens right now .
 I have several Canon lenses but this one I have found to be very versatile particularly when I travel abroad . It is reasonably compact and th weight is acceptable for its capability and performance . It is very sharp , focuses quickly and has the stabilization feature which really helps when I do n't have my mono pod . You will love how crisp the pictures are and especially the zoom versatility you will have to compose as you need especially with wildlife or where you ca n't get close to the subject . A very , very good value .
 This is a good zoo lens . It is not as heavy or noticeable as something like the 100-400 L lens . Also , with the 3 stop IS and smaller size and weight this makes a great backup lens to the 100-400 on trips or when I just do n't feel like carrying around a 3 + pound lens all day . So if you do n't want to have to deal with the cost or size of an L series lens this is one of the next best options .
 This lens is just what I was looking for . The lens that originally came with my Cannon Rebel just could n't get close enough for me to get the shots I wanted of the local wildlife and missed out on a lot of good shots . The resolution is great and once I have the picture in my computer I can do more with it . The stablizer also works great for those real long distance shots and make the picture so much clearer . I make stained glass windows and take a lot of pictures that use in my designs and now I can get up close and personal with the subject . I have a couple of friends that also have the same lens and they are as happy as I am with it .
 I love this lens . It brings you right up to the action . It takes an amazing , clear image . The image stabilization works great and has both Mode 1 and 2 . The ultrasonic auto focus is super fast and quiet . Well worth the price !
 I really like this lens ! Its a good lens for photographing sport events . I brought this lens to Petco Park to photograph my San Francisco Giants who were in town . I got excelent pictures sitting 5 row away from the field , near 1st base . It works well without a tripod or monopod . There 's a switch on the lens to prevent blur . I like it .
 This lens had been top notch . Taken many action sports photos of my daughters softball games already . I could not be happier .
 This is actually the second time I have purchased this lens . After the first one I bought was dropped between a rock and a hard place ... well actually just a rock :-LRB- The IS on this lens is great , great for hand holding and low light situations . I often use this lens when out in the great outdoors . The zoom range is also great for photography of animals . The USM is quick and accurate . It is your best bang for your buck when it comes to zoom telephoto -LRB- see my last sentence on prices -RRB- . Of course it wo n't be as good as a L-series lens but consider the cost difference . Price wise I recommend searching around or watching it on amazon price tracker -LRB- camelcamelcamel.com -RRB- I bought my just a little while ago for $ 379 -LRB- new -RRB- and now it is back up to $ 479 -LRB- new -RRB- .
 Friend of mine has kept his over the years even as he upgraded to L lenses so I bought one . Never a regret !
 I managed to get this lens on Amazon new for only $ 360 . The thing works great , great stabilizer , great in panning mode . Photos look fabulous.I shot some 100 + mph motorcycles @ 300mm and got about a 1 in 10 keeper rate . That 's pretty good since I usually get 0 in 10 . Mine is very sharp and focuses fine , if a bit slower than a usm lens .
 Thrilled to see the price drop and I 'd been waiting for the telephoto lens for awhile . I weighed the pros and cons of getting this one for my Canon 40d vs an L series lens but decided in the end that this would do nicely in the meantime . I took some excellent shots through my kitchen window of some baby birds and was very pleased with the detail .
 This is a great product for doing moderate distance photos . It shipped on time and a great buy for the money .
 I have used this lens for photographing tennis and baseball action as well as still photos and it is very versatile . I am completely satisfied . It takes fast clear photos . I had reservations about the size of the lens but I have found it to be easy to manuever and not heavy . I have taken handheld shots as well as tripod and find the lens takes clear shots either way .
 There are some things wrong here with this lens . It 's slow , extends when zooming also barrel twist when focusing , for those who know what I mean , and not water proof . I got it as a kit with my 20D , worked great , color , sharp , IS the whole thing . Moved to the 50D same thing and with the cropped frame you are shooting 450mm . Move to the 5d mark2 and resolution is a slight problem but still works fine . Got a 70-200L , no image quality upgrade that I can notice by eye , well maybe a tad sharper when fully zoomed out but of course it is 100mm shorter . All I can say is I 'm not selling it anytime zoom . Might one of these days I might try a trade for a 400mm but not so sure that I would use a fixed 400mm . If a very good lens with this price is what you are looking for . Do It , you will not be disappointed .
 I bought this for taking pictures of Eagles . I wanted a nice zoom lens and got exactly what I wanted . I came pretty close to getting an L lens and decided on this because I want to purchase others items for my fun bag . I did n't want to go with any of the other cheap ones made by other brands . I have a relative that has a 75-300mm and thought it was OK but it did n't have IS . I did n't buy this for the IS and was in for a big surprise at how well it works . It is a bit noisy when active but I can live with that considering how much shake it really takes out on setting 1 ! I have n't tried 2 yet.I was kind of bummed that it did n't come with a hood though -LRB- I knew this beforehand -RRB- . So you might consider purchasing the hood along with this . I 've had a bit of an issue with the focus ring while zoomed all the way out . I hold the barrel while shooting and have , on occasion , had the hood ruin a shot or two because it rotates when you focus . It was resting on my hand or moved a leaf in my field of view while shooting birds . Not enough to take any stars away though . I just need to be aware that the barrel extends and rotates when zooming or focusing . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 Have used this lens from the deer stand while hunting , at sporting events -LRB- indoor and outdoor -RRB- and at concerts . Fast focusing and great image stabilization -LRB- IS does use quite a bit more power , though -RRB- . Have not had one problem with it . Solid build and has a little heft to it . It is a bit pricey , but I chaulk that up to it being about the best on the market . Would recommend it to anyone looking for a top shelf lens .
 I 'm not a pro , purchased for better pictures than a point and shot . I use a plain Canon Rebel XS and the lens that came with it does n't really give any zoom.I like the auto focus and stabilizer . I get great action shots of my daughter at soccer , great close ups from a distance at parties , etc. . I find the detail and quality of the pictures great.I dropped 5 bills to buy this lens back in June 2011 and have had no problems , just great photos ! As for all the tech stuff , really do n't care , it 's the end result that counts . You ca n't have it all in life !!!!
 This lens to me is the only lens I would recommend without hesitation . My results for this lens have been better than any other lens , and I consistently get what I want.One of the features that is not often mentioned is the two IS modes . If you are tracking moving subjects , switch to mode 2 . Then check to make sure your shutter speed is at least a 400th of a second . You might want to go much higher , say one 2000th of a second . Sacrificing ISO and going to 200 or 400 will not affect your quality . Shoot away and take lots of images ! Note that even at 1/400th of a second you will be almost stopping quick moving objects , and sometimes a little motion blur adds to the feel of the image.Note that it is an EF lens , so you can upgrade to full format .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . I use this lense as much if not more than my others , with taking pictures of nature , family and around our farm . Its easy to use , operate and understand . I take beautiful pictures of our Elk , the sunrises and of the kids during sporting activities . I use my Canon all the time , and usually you do n't see me without it , and I am trying to add many lenses for multiple purposes . I also purchased the 50mm for close-ups of flowers bird nests , etc. would highly recommend this purchase to anyone .
 My husband wanted a lens to use to take shots indoors at high school volleyball matches , and outdoors from high up in stadiums at marching band competitions . Needed to be able to zoom in and capture our kids who are moving fast.The cheaper lenses are no good , and the expensive ones -- too expensive for what we 're using it for.This is the best of all worlds for us and I would sincerely recommend it for a parent wanting to document a kid 's activities . I wish so much we had purchased it years earlier . Now we can have great close-ups during high speed action that we never could capture before , especially in dimly lit gyms.It more than met our expectations and has been quite durable .
 I am writing this review for the non technical , non professional photographers . I read all the reviews and they were very helpful and I chose this lens based on those reviews . I have 2 sons that do competitive gymnastics and it is very difficult to get good close up shots of the action . It is very fast , dimly lit and they are usually far away . I used this lens for the first time this weekend and it was great . A little heavy but I got some really cool shots of them and their teammates in action ! There are some shots that could be put into movie format and would be just as good as the film version . There was some hesitation with the auto focus at times , but I was very happy with the results.If you are not a professional and are just looking to get some good close ups I recommend this lens . I am sure there is a lot more that I can do and I will be learning as I go .
 My father-in-law has this lens and let me borrow if for about a month while I was on vacation . I have a 70-200mm 4.0 L non-IS and have owned a few other lenses in this general focal length . The Canon 70-300mm is a great lens , and were it not for the price point of the 20-200 L , it would be an unreserved recommendation . The L just has a little better color , contrast , clarity and all that.Like all other zooms of this general design I have tried -LRB- rotating front element -RRB- , the shorter focal lengths are great , but the longest focal lengths are less so . This lens is really sharp up to about 180mm , but less so at 300mm .
 This is a great upgrade lens from any kit lens ; the optical quality is quite good , and the IS helps . When using the IS , remember to keep the shutter half-way pushed for about a second before shooting , which allows the IS to kick in.On my 40D , I felt this lens was a bit tight due to the crop factor . I picked up a 5D -LRB- original version -RRB- and the lens came to life . I really like the combination and have decided to put off getting a 70-200L for a while . This will do just fine . I just have to decide what wide angle zoom to get , now -LRB- probably the 17-40L -RRB- . My gripes with this lens are minimal ; the lens does extend when it zooms ; the rotating focus element is not a problem for me . Sometimes I forget to change the lens settings on the lens -LRB- mode 1 or 2 , AF on or off -RRB- . It 's just something I have to learn .
 It is difficult to write a review for an item when there are so many other good reviews already present . It is even more difficult to give new feedback on an item that has a lot already said about it.I will start by stating that I am not a professional photographer , nor am I a professional product reviewer.With that said let me state that I am a person that does art , and has done it for a number of years . Photography was a means for me to try and capture my own subjects and scenes . I have a limited budget on photography equipment and can not always afford the best , or elite items.When I purchased this lens I knew that it was not going to be the fastest lens available , or the one with the highest zoom . I intended to get this for my nature photography to be able to zoom in on objects I see all around me . Instead I found this lens to be an incredible lens for capturing faces , and portraits . I can be in a crowded place , or at a party and this is always my lens of choice . I can capture someone from across the room , and they are unaware of me taking their picture . As a result my photographs are more natural and life like.I have also used this lens for nature shots , and architectural shots . In all the lens is a really nice addition to my equipment.As for a hood , I was able to purchase a cannon hood for the lens , separately . I have used the hood on numerous occasions . The size of the lens is not too bad , and storage is not a problem.In all I would recommend this lens to anyone that needed an affordable zoom .
 Excelente lente para maquinas digitais que precisam de fotografias tiradas em distancia que impossibilita a presena do fotografo para um melhor angulo , mas a facilidade de conseguir aproveitar tamb&eacute;m uma curta distancia sem a necessidade de troca de lente menor .
 Anyone wants a long range zoom with good PQ , this is the BOMB !! With crop CCD body , you get around 480mm range !! That 's LONG range zoom .
 So far I have really enjoyed the lens and the quality of picture I have been able to take .
 70-300 IS USM is a nice lens.I 'm not a professional but I could take nice shots .
 This lens is a great all around lens . It takes excellent still photos and it does a great job on action shots like at my kids softball games . We went from a 18-55mm zoom lens and could not believe the difference . We looked into some of the cheaper lenses like Tamaron and some of the others but heard some things about them that changed our thoughts and made us go with the Canon brand . I dont regret it for a minute . I only wish that Canon would offer this lens STANDARD with the lens hood .
 I 'm still learning with this lens . Like other reviews - it is soft at 300 . Using it on a Rebel xti . Hope it takes greaf surfing pictures this summer
 This lens works very nicely as advertised . Do not expect the quality to be that of an `` L '' lens but , when needing a good telephoto lens , this lens will get the job done with tack-sharp results .
 My Husband and I purchased the lens to go to Mexico and it worked wonderful . We ended up taking almost 1000 pictures and look forward to taking pictures of my son playing baseball .
 I am using this lense on a Canon Xsi and it is truely amazing . The pictures are so sharp and clear . I could not be happier with this purchase . It is a lot of money but well worth it . I love it !!!
 Takes great pictures -- but , is a beast to lug around . Make sure you have the right type of camera bag before you invest in this . Great image stabilization . I love it !
 I received the Canon 70-300mm lens quickly from Amazon.com . Their service was great . I have n't had the chance to use the lens much yet , but know I will love it .
 I 'm brand spanking new to DSL 's and took a big plunge with a 400D XTi . I wanted a telephoto ; probably more for braggen rights and when I went looking for a telephoto having the ` IS ' for Image Stabilizer , something with reach and most importantly looks cool -LRB- about 7 '' long by itself -RRB- ... well , I had to be realistic about a budget and got this one . As far as quality-hey it 's Canon which means pretty good stuff . I rated it at 4 cuz I 've not used it yet but for the price ? Well , it 's either one like this or about a 1000 buck 's more . I do n't think it 's going to see that tick on an elk at 5 miles but it brings those duck 's up closer than my point a shoot which seems to always look farther away . Still a bit pricey for us DSL newbies but it 's got the all the right stuff for a starter telephoto , in my opinion .
 The lens is exactly what I wanted . Image stabilizer is great and it is so easy to change the lens . Pics are great !
 Bought this for my son and sent it to South Korea . He is going on an adventure in the jungles of Borneo , Hiking in Maylasia and finishing his trip with sight seeing in Japan . He said the lens is great for capturing the landscape and the people in each country !
 This Canon EF 70-300mm lens is an exciting addition to my Canon T2i SLR.I was using a TAMRON lens with many of the same specifications for years , but it finally refused to work properly . I am so pleased with the few photos I have been able to take at evening football games at our local high school . I am impressed . I know lenses are often much more expensive than the camera you attach them to , but -- in this case -- the lens is worth WAY more than the price-tag . Great lens for the price .
 Bought the refurbished one . It is slightly on the heavier side but I love it and ca n't wait to use it more frequently once I get the right carrier bag .
 the canon EF 70-300 IS USM lens is great for wildlife photography out of a kayak and with a minimum of financial risk in case of a wet exit . also on the small side and light , easy to use and has given great results .
 I read all the reviews carefully and decided this was the lens I wanted.Took several photos last night and they are all awesome .
 I bought this mainly for those long shots while on vacation . I do n't use it too often , but when I have , it works great . The quality seems good , although I 'm not an expert at camera lenses so I 'm sure there are better ones out there , but for the money , I think this lens is great .
 This is a great lens . Just wanted to put it out there that this is NOT a ring type usm like the description says . It 's micro usm so there is no full time manual focussing .
 Extremely quick shipping , my daughter is just getting into photography and absolutely loves this lens . Thank you so much I am sure that we will be purchasing from here again ! Awesome product !
 wonderful lens , took great clear zoom shots , wonderful blur in background with portrait shots , have to get a good distance away to get a great portrait though
 This is one of my first lenses , so understand that my experience is that of an amateur somewhat new into DSLR.Regardless of that factor though , it is clear to see that this lens is a very good value for the cost . Comparable lenses in quality cost significantly more money . Comparable lenses in cost suffer from poorer quality.This lens is an EF lens , meaning unlike its EF-S cousins , it will work on all newer Canon models . The EF-S lenses can not be mounted on a full-frame camera as-is . Thus , for compatibility , it is a good purchase in case you ever want to upgrade your camera -LRB- as compared to the 55-250 EF-S lens -RRB- The build quality is quite sturdy . It 's significantly larger and heavier than the 18-55mm IS kit lens included with my XSi -LRB- 450d -RRB- , which feels a little strange as the bulk of the weight is in the lens as opposed to balanced between the lens and camera body . It 's not too bad though , since in general you 'd be using a second hand to steady the lens.Image Stabilization on this lens is great . I 've noticed a significant difference between photos with and without my iS enabled , and have definitely been able to slow the shutter speed down and still take clear photographs.I 've only found two flaws with this lens thus far . One is that the manual focus ring is slightly loose -- it 's very easy to rotate , though that really is n't an issue for me since I hold the lens slightly closer to the body . -LRB- and generally keep in autofocus anyway -RRB- Secondly , I have noticed a slight tendency to hunt for focus when in dark situations . It 's not terrible , but on a couple of occasions I have switched to manual to get a better focus.All in all though , the lens is quite sharp , the image quality is good , and though I have n't tested it that thoroughly yet , the bokeh seems to be nice as well.I strongly recommend this lens for anyone looking to extend the focal range of your lens collection , especially if you are starting new with the 18-55mm IS kit lens like I was . However , keep in mind the additional size and weight , which are pretty significant considering the kit lens ' light plastic build .
 This is a great lens . Nothing more really needs to be said . If you want to spend money on a `` L '' Series lens , go ahead , but it wo n't make you a better photographer and it wo n't really take pictures better than this lens .
 You get what you pay for . To me this one is good ! A lot of people compare this one too much with more expensive lenses which does n't make any sense coz they are comparing an apple with a pear ! Nothing is perfect . Especially with certain budget ! So please stop blaming on the equipments and work on yourself ! I always think the one behind the camera is more important . If you want to stick to the quality of the photos , go get more money first!I went on a trip out of country right after I received this order . This lens did n't disappoint me . It has got me plenty of decent shots . With my budget , I am quite happy with its performance . Will upload some photos later if I can coz I 've never done it before . A picture is worth a thousand words !
 I have had this lens for about a year now and am very happy with it . Sharp images , and great with IS at the far end . I have taken some nice wildlife photos with this lens.You can spend more money on a longer lens which would be better for sports or wildlife , but for the price this is a good starter telephoto . It would be nice if it were a bit faster , but a faster lens in this range would me much more money.Great lens for the price .
 I am very happy with this lens . There simply is n't anything bad to say about it . Sharp pictures , well made .
 Hardly take this lens off my Canon Rebel XT , it is fantastic , crisp , clear , everything I had hoped for and more !
 This lens is a `` bad boy '' ! I bet an erthquake wont ' t defit its IS feture.Colour , sharpness ... among a lot more , and no blur specialy shooting at low light.This is nothing comparing with what you can do when you use this lens.I let you see for yourself when you buy yours.The money I payed was well spent.Its a promotion for your camera bag in performance , not in weigth .
 very good lens . slow to focus in low light , but that 's really no big deal.I would definately recommend this lens for the price .
 Cannon 's auto focus and image stabilizer technique allow you to take picture in actions . I have catched moments of flying birds , soccer games , and water ballet of ducks where three bottoms were in the air . Even a professional photographer may not be fast enough using traditional lens .
 I originally had the Canon EF 75-300 USN III lens and was quite happy with it . When I purchased my 50D , it came with a 17-85mm IS lens , and ladies and gentlemen
 Its a great lens if you do not want to spend a lot og money for a quality zoom lens .
 This is my third IS USM lens . I 'm not a professional , just a consumer who enjoys taking impromptu shots . This is why IS was a must for me . IS has 2 modes , the lock on the lens is very nice . I have n't noticed the noise from stabilization as some reviews stated . Some reviews mention the weight . I 'm 5 ' 2 '' , 115lbs . . on my worst day . . you 're going to have some weight in this range . Get the filter to protect the lens . I selected this lens based on the reviews in Amazon and out in Google . I put my 430EX II flash on my T2i and shot a lot of picture of my dogs indoor and there was n't one missed shot of them running around the house . I recommend this lens to anyone who needs this range -LRB- 70-300mm -RRB- , wants a good value , good quality lens on a mid-budget and who is n't caught up in that ` what 's in your bag ' deal .
 Nice lens . The image stab is great . You can see the image clean up as the lens starts to focus . Really helps get clear pictures at higher zooms . I 'm very happy with this lens as a good all around travel lens . Only negative is the occasional time I 've wished the zoom range was a little wider . Doable of course but not in a lens in this price range .
 I am by no means a pro photographer but I do take a ton of pics w / this on a Canon Ti1 . This is a great lens I would not have bought it if it did n't have the IS on it . The first shots my husband took from a 40ft high deer stand of baby owls we had been watching for several weeks . Pics were great even w / my husband who is only allowed to touch my camera on rare occasions . Great quailty from my experience !
 Not being a professional photographer this lens does a great job for me . Light-weight , image stabilization , and auto focus . Great for taking those far away shots .
 Good quality lens for the money . Slight delay on the autofocus . Otherwise produces very clear images . Would buy again .
 I purchased this lens as an entry level telephoto/zoom lens to take pictures of my kid 's sporting events.This lens is easy to use and takes great pictures . Combined with the software that came with my Canon 60D , I 'm able to crop the photos , making some really nice , close-up , action shots.I 'm disappointed that this lens did not come with a hood as I 've gotten some flare on some of the shots.Overall , I 'm very please with my purchase .
 The lens arrived on time , in good condition , and it works well ; however in the Amazon ad for this product it says that buyers will receive in addtion to the 80-300 IS lens a sky filter type lens -LRB- to protect the primary lens -RRB- . That lens , worth c. $ 30 , was NOT included with the order I received and I have no idea how to contact Amazon.com to make my complaint -- no ph # , no address , no e-address readily available.The lens is a bit heavy and long but not enough to discourage me from carrying it regularly on my jaunts ; the optical quality is far above that of the 70-250mm IS kit lens that came with my camera when I bought it but , not surprisingly , not as tack sharp as the L equivalent . I do definitely recommend it ; for it 's price its quite good value and a great deal of fun . I 've used it for wildlife , for picking out faces in crowds for candid portraits , landscape , moon shots , and semi-macroshots with very satisfying results .
 The lens is a magnificent addition to your canon digital SLR . The IS feature adds a few hundred dollars to the non stabilized lens but it is worth it . Sharp immages even when hand held at 300mm
 Not a fast lens , but for the price you get alot . IS is great . Optics great
 I ordered this lens with a new Canon 60D because of a discount i received through amazon and i must say , im very impressed with this lens . i know its not &#34; L Lens &#34; quality , but for what i can afford right now , the quality of this lens is worth it . the lens focuses fast due to the UltraSonic Mechanism -LRB- USM -RRB- and images come out nice and clear thanks to Image Stabilizer . If your looking for a good telephoto lens on a budget , accept no substitute .
 This is a nice lens , it is realy operates smooth and quiet compared to the EF 75-300mm . the only problem ihave is at 300mm every picture i take is out of focus regardless what i try .
 This was my first &#34; big &#34; purchase -LRB- and first lens purchase -RRB- after buying a Canon T3i with the 18-55mm kit lens . Suffice to say , I did lots of homework , read all of the reviews of this lens on Amazon , and read a few professional reviews elsewhere online.I was also considering purchasing the :1 -RRB- EFS 55-250mm f/4 -5.6 AF / IS lens2 -RRB- EF 75-300 f/4 -5.6 USMI did my homework on each of those as well . Notes on each are at the bottom of this review.I have taken approximately 1,500 exposures with the lens being reviewed , and my comments are as follows : The lens is fantastic . Comments elsewhere on this site that mention that the tube falls out have not affected my lens . The lens works perfectly . The USM is pretty fast -- slower than on my 18-55mm , but the USM has to do more work -LRB- the lens has a wider range , right ? -RRB- The USM noise others complain about is not present on my lens either . The USM is quiet , fast , and accurate.I purchased this lens for two reasons . The most important of which was the IS feature . This costs money and adds to the price of the lens , but is well worth it . I was n't about to have to lug a tripod with me everywhere I wanted to do good telephoto work.With that said , if you plan on using this as a hand-held lens -- plan on keeping your F-Stop at 4.5-8 range -- otherwise you are going to need a tripod to yield tack-sharp results.The IS is critical . Without it , I am very confident that 80 % of my exposures -LRB- handheld -RRB- would have wound up in the garbage . With that said , I have already ordered the Benro MeFoto Transfunctional Tripod Kit -LRB- which arrives tomorrow -RRB- . Despite the fact that IS allows me to take some great exposures while hiking , the fact that this lens is n't &#34; super-fast &#34; -LRB- which keeps the price reasonable -RRB- causes me to have to leave the shutter open for extended periods . Even in the daytime , overlooking the bright San Francisco Bay , I need to be at F11 - to render shots that are tack sharp . For this , you really do need a Tri.What surprised me the most with this lens was the image quality -LRB- part of which is due to better glass -RRB- . Is it L-grade glass on the L lenses ? No . But that is way out of my current budget . What I did notice is that -LRB- aside from ME realizing that the exposures were great -RRB- is that other people commented on my photos in ways they had n't previously . Its the glass . You get a much better image . Right in the heart of this lens -LRB- F-8 & F11 -RRB- , the colors really pop and the image quality is superb.With that said , if you plan on using this lens without a tripod , your photos will be limited . Have I taken exposures at 300m hand-held ? Yes . Am I proud of those pictures ? No . The tripod will give me full use of the camera above 200m and exposures at 1/3sec and longer . Not that the lens is heavy , but its tough to keep this thing still beyond 200m and over 1/3 sec and get a tack-sharp exposure.The glass and overall construction are eons beyond my kit lens . In fact , my next lens will likely be in the neighborhood of 30-50mm -- but an ES lens -LRB- or F if I splurge -RRB- -- because with this lens -- I got what I paid for . Much better image quality and construction than results yielded from my kit lens.This lens changes how I think about photography . I am pretty new to the hobby , but have taken it very seriously . My improved photos are not only because of the zoom -LRB- yes , the zoom is fantastic -RRB- , but because the glass is a serious upgrade . The IS makes it useable in quick situations , but my new tripod will allow me to make full use of this lens.Finally -- here are some notes on the lenses I DID N'T buy :1 -RRB- EFS 55-250mm f/4 -5.6 AF / IS lens -- tested this in a local camera shop . Same plastic construction as my kit lens . The AF seemed a little slow , and there is a substantial difference between 250 & 300m -LRB- the lens I bought -RRB- . To me , buying this lens would have been a waste of money -- I could zoom more , but my image quality would have remained constant .2 -RRB- EF 75-300 f/4 -5.6 USM -- Thanks to my fellow Amazon reviewers THANK GOODNESS I DID N'T BUY THIS LENS . Would have been a total waste of money . How anyone can use a telephoto -LRB- hand-held -RRB- without IS is beyond me . Perhaps this lens works well -- but I would have been chained to a tri . No-thank you.In summary - this is a great lens . I will update this review after I receive my tripod to add commentary on the long-end of the lens .
 I do n't have to repeat how good this lens is , as it is given rave reviews just about everywhere . It is not L series lens , and there are a few nitty gritty complaints about that but I am not a professional and at the price , it is totally acceptable.The new Image Stabilizer works very well , and it capture a pretty solid image at full 300mm when holding by hand . That has always been a problem for me . A word of caution , though . The IS and USM seem to drain camera 's battery quite a bit faster . You may want to carry a spare battery when you expect to shoot a lot.Combine with another low-cost zoom lens , EF-S 18-55mm f3 .5 IS II , to cover full range of most applications , less super wide views .
 This is one of my all time favorite lenses . Extremely well price and the quality is top notch . I highly recommend this specific lens for any amateur or even professional photographer .
 I used it a couple times and it seemed great to me , but the wife is the user and she loves it ! No regrets : - -RRB-
 I bought this lens so that I could capture great shots from a farther distance back and also for taking pictures of the moon . So far I have taken it skiing and took great pictures of my nephew racing down the ski slope and pictures of my family skiing down the slope as well . I also was able to take pictures of snow blowing off of mountain peaks that were a few hundred yards away.Moon shots turned out crisp and with the craters , lines and gray patches showing up clearly . I would recommend this lens for its great quality and reasonable price compared with some of the other higher end lens 's out there .
 The zoom is great , I am adjusting to the difference in weight from the 210 , I find it is a slightly softer focus than I am used to . Over all I am very happy with this lens and the price was MUCH better than I was finding locally .
 Ok , let me start off by saying that I do both video and photo work at weddings and birthdays and other events . I do this professionally , but only started with doing it within the last year.PhotographyThis lens is pretty much what you expect when taking pictures . Not the best , but not the worst at all . It is great at events for taking candid close up shots of guests . The 5.6 aperture , if taking pictures at a poorly lit area at night is a little difficult if you do not normally work with your own lighting equipment . But this review is about the product itself , and it has the aperture and focal length stated on the box . So you pretty much get what you expect . With that in mind , it is a good starter lens and gets the job done.VideographyI also shoot a lot of DSLR video professionally and as a hobby . This lens , is not so great for video . It has a really loud and distinct motor noise that is very annoying and makes the lens seem pretty cheap . Fortunately most of the video I shoot has music on top of it , and I also have two other sources of external audio recording . If not for the separate audio recording , this lens would make it impossible to film with . The video quality is good , but the motor noise makes it impossible to shoot both audio and video with it.OverallGood starter lens . Good for photo , not so great for video . But as DSLRs were originally intended for photography and not video , I rate this product 4 stars . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was happy to receive my lens very quickly after ordering it since I wanted to take it on vacation with me . I was on a photo hike on the second day of my vacation and had taken about 5 pictures with the lens when I suddenly smelled something electrical overheating . It was my new lens ! Apparently something either burned out or locked up , but I had to quit using the lens . Amazon was very quick to send me a new lens and the new one has been working fine . I just lost out on a weeks ' worth of picture taking since I could n't use the lens . I am glad I had my other lenses with me but I missed a lot of pictures that needed the 300mm end of the lens.I have to say that it takes a little while to get used to using the lens instead of the 55-250mm kit lens that I bought with my Rebel XSI . You need to be about 5-6 feet away from your subject to take a picture but the results are excellent . I have noticed some of my photos were a little soft if the light was not good and I was shooting at F11 or higher . With good light I have had some excellent results and have been able to take hand held shots that I would have missed with my other lens.Overall I have been very pleased with this lens so far . I do miss the full time manual adjustment capability I have with some of my other lenses .
 I am not a veru techie kind of person or a professional photograph . I bought this lens for my CANON EOS 500D Rebel T1i . It works well with it . Or I would say it 's pretty good for an amateur like me . The pictures come out sharp & clear .
 First of all , I must admit that I 'm not a professional photographer . I got the photography bug about a year ago and I have been shooting mostly nature since I bought my first dSLRCanon EOS Rebel T1i 15.1 MP CMOS Digital SLR Camera with 3-Inch LCD -LRB- Body Only -RRB- . I have not used a pro -LRB- L-series -RRB- lens so I can not compare this against one.Now that you know a little bit about where I am coming from , I should let you know that if you 're like me , chances are that you 'll totally love this gem of a lens . But if you 've been shooting with the L-series lenses , your experience may be different.The only lens I can compare it with is : Canon EF-S 55-250mm f/4 .0 -5.6 IS Telephoto Zoom Lens for Canon Digital SLR Cameras . The first great improvement that I noticed between this model and the 55-250mm was the almost silent focus motor . My 55-250mm lens made very loud noises that were more obvious when I occasionally used my T1i to shoot vidoes . The proximity of the mic on the camera to the lens ruined the audio each time autofocus was used . That does n't happen with this lens . The Ultrasonic Motor -LRB- USM -RRB- is definitely worth it.I have taken so many pictures with this lens at 300mm and each and every one of them are tack sharp . I can not recommend this lens enough . This one is a keeper !
 I am not a pro , but I am experienced . I own a T2i . I just got my lens and took it out for a trial shoot . It was raining outside and a little foggy . I took some pics of trees , a road sign illuminated by my headlights -LRB- shot through my windshield -RRB- and geese standing on an iced over pond . I was sitting in my car taking the shots through an open window -LRB- except the sign -RRB- . I will say that I am not impressed at all and even disappointed . I shot the same scenes at F5 .6 @ 300mm and F8 @ 300mm . I had the stabilizer on setting 1 . I dont have the shutter speeds with me so I cant list those . The pics are VERY soft , almost out of focus . I checked the pics with Canon 's software and noted even where the autofocus was focused on was very soft . Also the stablizer motor makes terrible noises . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because I am going to try it again in better light before I send it back . I was so excited to get this lens based on the reviews here and the pro reviews I read elsewhere . Maybe I just got a bad copy . I also see the price went up about $ 20 . Edit
 The pictures are sharp and beautiful . I 'm mainly using Mode 2 on IS.I can finally bring in those birds up close .
 This lens was a great investment . It is light in weight , focuses fast and is extremely sharp from edge to edge . The IS works sell under low-light situations .
 I bought this lens as a replacement for the EF 75-300 , The reason I decided to upgrade is the internal stabilizer that the EF 70-300 has and the EF 75-300 does not have , that after I got a lot of blurred photos when shooting with the EF 75-300 . The EF 70-300 lens 's IS works very well , and there is an additional benefit of a brighter view when shooting with this lens . I took some shots of birds flying near an overflowing dam with this lens and was very satisfied with the results .
 I bought this lens about a month ago . I was concerned of the reports I read that it was not well made and that there was excessive motor noise compared to other Canon USM lenses . Well , recently I took it up to the Canadian Rockies to do some wildlife photography and it performed admirably . No bothersome noise . Well made , just the same build quality as the standard lens that came with my 40D . The picture quality at 300mm is excellent . I 'm very pleased with this lens and think its great for amateur photographers looking for a versatile zoom lens in the ~ $ 550 range .
 Just arrived and wasted no time in testing it on my T1i . No doubt that this is easily a fantastic lens . Loved the pictures taken with this lens . Though not as sharp as F4 70-200 L series lens at around 100-200 range . . but definitely sharp enough and worth the money . Strongly built body and a nice optics . The best part is the IS . Two way IS for vertical and horizontal stabilization . It really works . I tried both ways and it works like gem . I tried shooting the moon at night and result was fantastic . Another great plus is Bokeh is lovely . Spending almost 2 times more for L-series lens needs to be given a deep thought . This little monster is definitely worth the bucks . Solid investment .
 I 've owned many cameras and lens over 3 decades . My copy of the Canon 70-300mm IS lens is an excellent performer . It has a reasonable build quality , is capable of sharp photos under most conditions and the stabilization and focus are fast and very reliable . I use mine with a 30D body and find the combination excellent for shooting outdoor action shots and indoor shots with reasonable lighting.The lens focuses pretty fast and in fairly low light and has provisions for stabilization when panning.This is hard to beat . I owned the predecessor and this one is worth the upgrade .
 If you need to take a photo from far away , this is what you need . It is easy to use and the photos it takes are crystal clear . Excellent for getting the shot from a distance away . You can manually focus or put it on automatic focus and snap away . It is also has a stabilizer for taking fast photos that still remain clear . I have snapped several pictures from probably 50 feet away . They look like I am standing right next to the subject . I am very pleased with this product and feel it was worth the money . I researched for quite some time and found it for the best deal on here . There are other , cheaper telephoto lenses but this one really works .
 this lens is by far one of the sweetest you can ad to your bag . you will get stuning photos , and the image stabalizition is off the hook.i take a lot of landscape shots , and have to say that this lens has taken some of the best photos ever.canon cameras are some of the best on the market , and their lenses are superior.get this lens , you will not be disappointed !
 I chose this lens over the Canon 70-200mm f/4 L lens , though I paid almost as much . The IS feature is what swayed me , and it really does make a difference . I am able to get shots that I otherwise would have missed . The range on my XTi makes it equivalent to 480mm , so I can get really close with it and choose my framing better . The lens is somewhat heavy , but not overly so for such a big thing.That said , I can say that the rotation of the barrel during zooming and focusing is an annoyance , and it really stretches out . I also have the hood , which is beastly huge , but I think it is really worthwhile -LRB- get the cheaper precision one -RRB- . Precision Design ET-65B Lens Hood Canon for EF 70-300mm f/4 .5 -5.6 DO IS USM LensI also think that a polarizing or better UV Haze filter would be a good investment , as this lens can really amplify the haze by focusing on subjects through more haze . I have had to do a lot of correction with my pictures from Israel , though I was using it on hazy days that we could n't see as far.This lens is also great for capturing the moment without disturbing it , as I was able to take some engagement photos for some good friends from a distance . I was even able to capture him down on one knee holding the ring from a good vantage point !
 Let me just say that I 'm brand new to DSLRs and this lens just confirmed why I switched from point and shoot digital cameras . Besides having full control of my photos , the lens is capable of capturing extremely crisp pictures at the maximum resolution and even at low light environment . I also have shakey hands and with the help of IS 1 and 2 , I can now zoom in and capture clear and crisp photos regardless if it 's moving or stationary . The Lock feature is another neat idea . It locks the lens @ 70mm -LRB- fully retracted -RRB- so you can pull out the lens from your camera bag by holding the front end of the lens preventing it from extending . The lens is made from high quality plastic and about 60 % metal so be prepared for the extra weight specially on extended shoots.I took the lens to its first actual shoot , which is to my son 's basketball game a couple of days ago and it performed great with my Canon Rebel XSi . This lens is neither the cheapest nor the most expensive but it gives you quality photos that you will want to look at over and over.I just have a minor complaint . There are certain situations when the lens takes a little while to focus . Sometimes it takes up to 3 times to focus correctly by half depressing the shutter . This is really not a big deal to me for now . However , I know time is of the essence to advanced or experienced photographers when you 're shooting at fast pace so this might become a bigger issue down the road . But for now , I extremely happy with this purchase . So If you are a beginner with DSLRs and have a tight budget , this makes a great starter lens while you dive deep into the expensive world photography .
 I have shot with the 200L -LRB- do n't own one -RRB- that people are comparing this to . The lenses are different , and suit different needs . This lens was what I purchased because I wanted a longer telephoto with IS , instead of the shorter , higher quality non-IS lens . The thing that most photography reviews often do n't take into consideration when talking up one lens over another is price -LRB- I 'm not picking on any reviewer on this , I 'm just saying from experience reading many reviews all over -RRB- . To get a theoretical 70-300mm IS USM in an L series , you would pay a TON more than the 200L . The 200L is obviously shorter and higher quality than the 70-300ISUSM . If you want to know about the quality and performance of the 70-300mm IS USM , my opinion is that its a strong build with excellent IS . I 'm totally happy with mine , and have taken a few excellent shots at 300mm that turned out great . I use it in fairly harsh temperatures outdoors . For the price , you wo n't find a lens even close that does the same job better . If you 're deciding on what lens to buy , I ca n't help ya . But if you 're wondering about THIS lens , I say its great .
 Great lens . Glad i bought it , my son is 12 and plays football . This was all I could afford . I 'm glad I did ` nt decide to save a few dollars and buy a cheaper one , I 've heard stories . Oh ya make sure if your doing action photos like me you get the IS model
 It is a very `` nice '' zoom . It is quite smooth , and auto focus is excelent . I just bought it and it has been very useful for me . The only thing to take in consideration is that the weight is a little heavy , for long periods of carrying it in your neck . No matter that , it is a excellent choice . I recomend it.Another thing , We should say where we bought it from , to prevent all other people to get bad treated .
 This appears to be a popular lens for those of us starting out in photography as far a tele-photo goes . The `` IS '' is a great feature worth its weight in gold . I have used this lens now on a few occasions with great results when adaquate light is available . Just remember shes not the fastest lens in the line up but for its $ 500 + price tag , you cant go wrong . Who wants to pony up $ 1600 + for the Canon 70-200mm f/2 .8 l `` is '' lens when this lens produces such great results at a third of the price ?
 I am using this lens on my Canon Rebel Digital , and it is well manufactured , very clear with no distortion , light weight , and exhibits smooth operation . Very Happy .
 Use this to photograph baseball and it has never had any issues . Well built , lens that produces sharp images .
 Easy to hand hold at 300mm because of the IS , less expensive than the better Canon 70-300 IS lenses and better optical quality than the less expensive Sigma . The trade offs of less durable construction and a not-fully-silent focusing motor are acceptable to me . Had I not needed this lens immediately for a trip I would have waited to compare it to the announced , but not yet available Tamron 70-300 with stabilization . All said , I am very happy with it .
 This lens is very useful for different purposes . Not only as a zoom-in lens that allows you to approach distant subjects but also I find it suitable for portrait photography . In fact , you can say this is a non-intrusive lens - so to speak , when it comes to taking face close-ups . With other lower focal distance lenses I have noticed that people , and especially children , get bored or uncomfortable . Besides , it 's extremely easy to achieve a significant `` bokeh '' -LRB- diffused background -RRB- given the amplification factor that a large focal distance produces . Taking portrait pictures at 300mm the background starts to get out of focus just a few feet behind your subject . The role of aperture is not key anymore because depth of field -LRB- DOF -RRB- is n't what matters most . The IS works great and the sound it makes is n't too noisy . I have achieved very sharp images even in middle or low light conditions , thanks to this feature . Now the flip side ! This lens is heavy and too large for transportation . Definitively it 's not a good choice for traveling or if you are concerned for your safety . The lens is expensive and easily catches people 's attention . If you hold it for some time in your hands while it is attached to the camera body , you start feeling tiredness . Due to the weight and size the gravity balance point of the camera shifts from to body to some point along the lens so I tend to grab hold of the latter instead of the camera body , as usually happens with any other lens . When it comes to focusing , the process is a bit slow though I think it 's a normal behavior . Under low light conditions -LRB- for example , bulb lights -RRB- the lens might find it difficult to get a subject into focus . If that happens the focusing barrel goes back and forward till it gets something into focus . Over all
 I bought this lens after using the Tamron 70-300mm lens for about 4 or 5 month . At first I was totally ready to trash the Tamron lens . Due to my economic situation I could not afford replace the Tamron . With time and practice it started producing better and better images quality and I started having more fun with it . The truth is , I was learning how to use it correctly . The Tamron is a good , well made lens at an excellent price which I intend to keep.Now the Canon 70-300mm with IS USM is a totally different class of lens . Twice the price of the Tamron but the IS alone is worth that . Image quality can be anywhere from very good to breathtaking . This lens is very easy to use , well made and looks good . If you can afford this lens , buy it , you 'll like it . If money is a little tight , get the Tamron . You 'll have fun and become a better photographer as you save your pennys for the Canon 70-300mm IS USM .
 I have used this lens for 2 months now and I am constantly amazed with its results . Whether it is used for -LRB- reasonably -RRB- fast action at my daughter 's soccer games , or for static shots , the lens is easy to use , fairly lightweight and produces excellent results.Of course , I wish it were less expensive -LRB- and it will be in time -RRB- . Awesome .
 Sure , it 's not L glass but then you 're not paying those extra $ 1,000 . I can get sharp images within all the focal range . It might need to be stopped down a bit at 300 so it 's more of an outdoor lens but I 'm totally satisfied .
 I purchased this lens to go with my Canon XSI camera . So far the lens is all what I expected . It 's movements are very quick and smooth . The AF is really fast especially on moving targets . I would buy this lens again .
 I got the 28-300mm sigma lens a while ago and was unhappy with it . I decided to go the extra $ 250 and upgrade to this 70-300mm canon lens . I could not be happier . This is a GREAT lens for the money . It is my favorite to use while hiking to get great photos of the wildlife . The lens produces crystal clear images at 300mm . The sigma lens I had is not even comparable to it . Needless to say , I do n't know what I would do without this lens now . I should have gotten it sooner.EDIT
 I owned this lens for quite a while , sold it , and am going to re-purchase it at this great price . It takes fantastic , sharp pictures in very low light situations -LRB- such as at the zoo , in one of the `` houses '' -RRB- , great sports pictures and much more . I have shot super clear , beautiful animal pictures at 1/25th of a second , due to image stabilization . I think at about $ 460 , this lens is a steal . Rather than writing a long , boring review , click here to see just one of the animal pictures that I shot with this lens
 I received this a few days after my new Canon XSI . I used it for about a week and loved it 's crisp clean resolution , image stabilization , auto focus , etc. . However , after using it for awhile I realized that the manual focus was not working properly . I was so disappointed . After the initial shock of the malfunction , I went to the Canon website and applied for warranty service . I followed that instructions , and within a little over a week , I had my lens back good as new . The whole process was very simple and straight forward . I did have to pay for shipping but the repair was free . All in all I am very happy with the lens , service , and would highly recommend it to anyone from beginner to advanced photographer .
 Having used both the Canon 70-300 without IS , and the Canon 70-300 WITH IS -LRB- this lens -RRB- , it is ABSOLUTELY worth the extra $ 400 - $ 450 for this lens . The image stabilization is truly amazing . It allows you get the shot you want from across the room without having to worry about shakiness.Having said that , there are a couple of small negatives to this lens.One , it 's a little bit heavy . Not nearly as heavy as the 70-200 f/2 .8 L IS , but certainly heavier than the 70-300 non IS.Two , there is no manual focus override in auto-focus mode . i.e. , you need to flip a switch in order to manual focus . This is probably the most annoying complaint I have . You simply can not turn the focus ring by hand with auto-focus on.Three , the auto-focus can be pretty slow sometimes . For example , if you are focused on something 5 feet away , and then try to focus on something 60 feet away , it can take as long as 1-2 seconds.Four , this is NOT a macro lens . It says on the lens `` macro , '' but that 's phooey . It 's a blatant misuse of the word . Granted , you can get some pretty nice close-ups , but you 're not going to be getting useable pictures of insects.I know I focused more on the negatives than the positives , but that 's what you want to hear is n't it ? The issues I have with the lens ? Overall , it 's an absolutely phenomenal lens . It 's tremendously fun , and the quality of pictures you can take with it FAR outweighs its inconveniences .
 I use this lens on my 350D -LRB- AKA Digital Rebel XT -RRB- . I bought it for 2 reasons :1 -RRB- My 70-300 Quantaray that works well enough for on my Rebel film camera gives me the infamous `` Error 99 '' on my digital .2 -RRB- My daughter 's high school graduation was coming up . The ceremony was to be on the outdoor football fieldI shot nearly 300 frames with this lens at the graduation in very tough lighting . The distance from the bleachers to the ceremony required every bit of the 300mm focal length much of the time -LRB- even with the 1.6 X crop factor of the digital rebel -RRB- . With the IS I was able to get quite passable images with shutter speeds down to 1/80 , although I stayed at 1/125 as much as possible by using higher ISO settings and the largest aperature . There is no way I would have been able to get decent images handheld at these focal lengths and shutter speeds without an IS lense -LRB- especially on a shaky high school bleacher ! -RRB- . Considering the importance of the event , if I 'd never found another use for the lens it would have been worth the cost for me . I have subsequently used it at an air show and a few other events . I 've successfully used the `` Mode 2 '' on the IS to get some cool motion blue on moving airplanes and cars as well.If I have one complaint about the lens it 's the speed -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of the autofocus . It 's a bit sluggish but this is n't a shocker given that this is a consumer product and not professional gear.Anyone purchasing this lens just needs to know what they are buying . Essentially , you are buying a 200 dollar lens with 400 dollars worth of IS added to it . One previous poster recommended getting the 70-200 F4L IS instead . That would be a great purchase aside from the fact that you 'd be giving up 100mm of focal length and paying 400-500 more dollars . I considered that lens -LRB- and may get it down the road when I 'm `` rich '' -RRB- but this one will meet my -LRB- decidedly amateur -RRB- needs for quite some time !
 First off I should state that I am more of an average joe then a serious photographer but I love this lens . Like anything there are some trade offs but for what I was looking for this fit the bill and more.Like everyone else I was debating between this lens and the 70/200L . I wanted a telephoto lens and the 200 is just plain too short to be affective at taking photos of wildlife in my opinion . To me the 300mm was still a bit short so I added the Tamaron 1.4 teleconverter and have been pleasantly surprised at the speed and quality of the shots . I will say you need plenty of light with the teleconverter or it will hunt , the darker it gets the more it hunts.My brother has the 70/200L and last weekend at my nieces graduation ceremony he was unable to come close to capturing the shots I was able to get .
 I just received my Canon 70-300mm USM/IS a couple of weeks ago , and I finally got the chance this week end to go out and try it . I was kind of scared after reading the other reviews that I would have issues with the quality of the images at full zoom . Well , let me tell you something , WHAT A GREAT LENS ! I was able to take EXCELLENT pictures of my fiancee at a full 300mm settings . After reviewing the pictures on my computer , I was amazed at the details . You can clearly see the smalled strands of hair in the wind . Absolutely amazing.I also took pictures of my dog running on the beach at full 300mm . Some people told me that the focus was kind of slow and I would have issue . It 's a little bit slower I agree , but I took great shots of a moving subject . I do not know how good and fast would be the focus in another kind of day -LRB- not sunny , low light ... -RRB- but my first experience with it was great.If you go and look at the customer images link , you will find the one I uploaded -LRB- under Simon Templar -RRB- and you 'll see what I am talking about.The IS is also a great feature . No need to walk with a monopod anymore.Gotta love it !
 This lens is a bargain , excellent resolution , easy and fast to use , image stabilization -LRB- two modes -RRB- , and at a price dramatically less than other Canon tele zoom lenses , albeit this is a stop or two `` slower '' lens , f/4 .0 -5.6 instead of f/2 .8 and such . But , for the number of times I need a lens this long , I found it a great choice . A pro will want faster lens but for many if not most folks , this is a great choice . The IS is a great feature for a lens this long.I found the image stabilizer noisy , not annoyingly so but clearly louder than my other Canon IS zoom lens , which is perfectly silent . I took it to Canon and they were also concerned but then they tried some others of the same lens that they had on hand and they were all noisy , so we concluded that that 's the way this model is .
 I am getting serious about getting excellant photos and do most of my shots hand held . This lens is awesome for getting action shots and close-ups that are n't blurred by being hand held . I take a lot !!!! of bird pictures and they do n't sit still long so you have to be quick and steady and the Canon EF 70-300 is an excellant entry level stabilized lens for doing this if your serious about good photos that can have the quality for selling .
 This will be a review that wo n't get bogged down in camera terms and will just be in real world speak.I bought this lens over a year ago here used , my first used lens buy at Amazon and I was worried about what I would get.This lens did n't let me down.People love to compare it to the 70-200 L lens that is $ 100 + more new or used but being on a limited budget I needed the most bang for the buck and after reading hundreds of reviews went for this lens.The build is nice , solid and it takes sharp photos that are clean.I used it on an Rebel XTi body that had over 250,000 shots on it and I have done 25,000 + / - using this lens - most are keepers . The only bad ones are ones I misfocused on or forgot to turn the IS back on after being on a tripod .99 % of the time I use manual focusing , so I seldom used the autofocus features but when I have , if there has been good lighting , it focused quickly and most the time correctly.I have had a couple friends try mine and both have been happy enough to sell off their old 70-200L F4s to buy a new copy of the 70-300 - mainly because of the extra reach it gives you.I love this lens and while I have recently up graded my camera body and walk-a-round-lens -LRB- 24-105 L -RRB- I am planing on keeping this one in my kit for years to come
 I took this lens on a recent trip to Africa and it worked beautifully on my 60DI had planned to take a canon 100-400L which I really liked , but I needed something small enough to fit in my briefcase . The 70-300is was perfect and I was very surprised by the high quality pics I got . I got shots of a leopard and you can see the individual hairs on his eyebrows . Not the whiskers which are obvious , but the eyebrows.I cropped one print in half and blew it up to 16x20 and I ca n't see any loss of detail.Colors look accurate and blend subtly . The 3 stop IS was great and necessary because everything was hand held . I got bird shots with great feather detail and no blurring.Granted this is n't a fast lens and I did n't get any pics of birds flying or animals leaping . However , for my use it was perfect.I 've thought about upgrading to the new 70-300L but it 's 3 times more expensive and I ca n't imagine it 's that much better .
 I bought this lens to use at track meets and football games and have had excellent results . Any problems have been caused by the guy behind the camera , not the lens ! I have it coupled to a Rebel XT -LRB- about to upgrade to a 40D -RRB- and have gotten great action shots of my kids . I also have used it to take outdoor senior pictures of several kids , again with excellent results . It is a bit slow , but shooting at the highest resolution and increasing the ISO does a very good job . IS is amazing , just remember to switch to mode 2 when panning . It is also a great lens for getting candid shots of people . You can be far enough away that they do n't even notice you .
 Got the Canon EF 70-300 mm with image stabilizer lens for my Kenya safari . I 'm quite satisfied with it and got great pictures of wildlife , but wished I had gotten a more powerful one - something like a 400 . The 400 is way out of my budget ; and if I had gotten that I would have wished for something even more powerful.Some of my pictures zoomed to the max do not appear to be as focused ; not sure if I did not do something right or a shortcoming of the lense itself.The image stabilizer is great ; I 'll never be able to do without it from now on .
 I bought this lens two months ago , and so far , it 's met my expectations and then some . I 'd been using a short Canon zoom -LRB- 28-105mm -RRB- for several years , but wanted something longer in the 200-300mm range for wildlife photography . I 'm not into tripods -LRB- yet -RRB- and was n't sure I could hand-hold a lens at 300mm , but decided to give this a try.Pros
 I purchased this lens to replace the Canon EF 75-300 I 've been using at work with my Canon 60D . I was ready for a step up but not able to spend the big bucks for an L lens . I read the user reviews on the EF 70-300 and felt that this was the mid-level lens I was looking for.So far , so good ! This lens has performed very well - the IS function is great and really helps get the shot the first time . I shoot a lot of classical music concerts and it does well in concert hall lighting . The IS is a tad noisy in quiet settings but probably only noticible to other people close by.For other situations , the lens is perfect and gives me the reach I need . I can get a real nice bokeh effect too ! I recommend this lens for those looking for a more reliable and accurate zoom but not ready to spend money on an L piece of glass .
 Love using this lens . It really has increased my overall use of my DSLR . I am able to take photos from a distance and really capture a natural shot since I do n't have to be close to the object.The lens itself feels solid and generally requires if you are zooming in fully . This lens has also allowed me to get great pictures of the moon , just make sure you have a decent tripod as well . Lens is too heavy to keep still with longer shutter speeds.Overall I am very happy with this lens . Would recommend to any starter using a DSLR .
 As of 2/17/2012 this is the best long zoom lens from canon that is not an L series lens . It is not built the same and comparing to the 100-400 or any other L lens is not worth the time . But I have no doubt if you are not spending that kind of money for lenses 1200 + then this is the lens to get . Tamron , sigma , do n't bother . If you are lucky enough to live near a photography shop go and compare lenses and you will see . excluding the L lenses just try it and you will like it . then come here to amazon and buy one .
 I 've owned this lens for more than a year now and have had great results from using it with my EOS T2i . Of course this lens is not the build or glass quality of an `` L '' series Canon lens , but it does take great photos in good light . I use it mostly to take photos of critters in nature , especially dragonflies and it generally results in sharp crisp images . I have used it on birds as well with not as much success . I recently acquired the EF 100-400 L lens and when comparing the two , it is obvious that this lens does n't come anywhere close to the L lens but for nearly $ 1000.00 less that is to be expected .
 I have been wanting to get a good zoom lens for my Canon 50D for quite some time and based upon my experience with Canon products I did n't want to chance purchasing a non-Canon lens . I received this lens and started using it right out of the box . It is quite easy to use and does all things that I need as an amateur photographer . I ca n't really speak about the specs or anything too technical since I am not an expert but the end results have been pleasing thus far . I 've recently gotten some lens filters which will improve the photo quality even more . I highly recommend this zoom lens for my fellow amateur photographers .
 I really LOVE this lens . Great value for money . It is a little heavy when on camera . If you are walking around a lot it will make your neck sore with just the camera strap . Installed on a T2i Canon and works GREAT ! Very easy to use and takes great pictures . I 'm a novice camera user , but take some great pictures thanks to the quality products Canon puts out !
 Very nice lens . Replacement for Canon Zoom EF 75-300mm 1.4-5 .6 III lens . the stabilization is wonderful . The price was fantastic , hundreds below other prices I 've been seeing over the past 6 months .
 IS for 300mm is a good MUST-HAVE feature , and this Canon lens is not too pricey ! Sure , the ` L' lens will give better image quality but they are so much more expensive.Compared this with Tamron and Sigma , and given the slightly -LRB- rather than much more -RRB- price difference , went ahead to buy this.Am happy and no regrets ! Strongly recommend this Canon lens .
 This is my first dSLR camera , so I do not have much experience with other lenses . I can tell you every shot I take looks great , well , as great as the operators abilities ! I have captured some wonderful shots of birds from across my yard , the details remain clear even if I crop them in futher later .
 This lens is great . The pictures are absolutely amazing . Recommend highly although I 'm not a professional photographer .
 Nice lens , but I 'm not all that impressed , given what was paid . The `` USM '' is actually quite noisy . Image quality and focusing speed leave much to be desired.Adorama is the store you 're buying this from through amazon , do n't I paid for expedited shipping -LRB- 1-3 days -RRB- and it took almost 6 days . Adorama is a horrible amazon seller , do avoid at all cost if you 're interested in getting your items in a timey fashion and enjoy quality customer service -- they have none .
 I used this lens on our vacation in the Smokey Mountains i October 2006 . I performed great . I was able to zoom in on a bear cup and got some great pictures .
 I use this lens to capture sports and it has performed extremely well . Due to the nature of my photography , I do n't use a tripod/monopod of any kind . The image stabilizer feature allows me the freedom of movement while still capturing sharp photos . A must have for any action photographer .
 I have a passion to shot strangers . And this lens allows me to do that . Pictures are very good and clear . I do n't use a tripod but IS works just fine . My lens is noisy but that does n't bother me . A friend of mine has bought the same lens and it seems working silently . Good luck with yours . Recommended .
 The kit lens just dos n't cut it for longer shots . This lens does and then some . The IS is great . I ca n't complain about any thing .
 I was debating on weather to get a regular SLR or to get a super zoom camera . I liked the quality of the SLR better but still wanted to get the super zoom capability . I love that I can get the close ups now of my kids in sports and in a program that they are in without having to sit in the first row .
 I believe these are the best zoom lenses you can buy to your SLR camera.The images are clear and it is very easy to use.Perfect to go out and get wonderfull photos !!!
 I picked this up with my first 350d , and was very happy with it . I since purchased a whole bevy of lenses and sold this to another happy user : -RRB-
 WAAAAY too expensive -LRB- they all are though -RRB- but it gets the job done . A decent lens , but it 's definitely NOT an `` all-in-one '' ... you 'll need others to get the job done . The low and high ends are pretty much useless , but the mid-range is good .
 Great company - delivered product on time . Tested out the lens in Mexico , Brazil , and Canada . When the automatic settings on camera -LRB- Canon 10D -RRB- were selected and pictures were taken outdoors with a lot of daylight , the background is overexposed . This results in things like clouds not being included in the picture . Manual settings and adjustments within the camera will remedy the problem . However , there is an expectation that lens from Canon should take quality pictures from the automatic setting . Otherwise the lens works great .
 good I 've got no pro 's or con 's at time.I 've used it taking pic 's of the moon with some filters . it looks so far ...
 The lens meets my expectations . I 'm disappointed with picture quality at 300mm , blurry - definately need a tripod.I 'm angry about an added charge for New York sales tax . I 'm not a resident of NY . Amazon would n't ship the item to an APO address -LRB- which our federal government declares must be viewed as a US address -RRB- ; so I had it delivered to a family member in NY , then forwarded to me . I was shocked to see the previously undisclosed charge added to my bill .
 This kit helped me to get new life from an old pair of small Advent speakers.The speakers are at least 30 years old , and now they sound like new.The instructions were clear and the repair was relatively easy .
 We had a set of old speakers that had n't been used in YEARS , so naturally when we went to use them the foam around the speakers just crumbled . At first we ordered the wrong size , and the only down side is we had to pay shipping 3 times . But now that they are in , the speakers sound as good as new !
 What more can be said . They work fine , no problem , were shipped right away . I 'd buy this item again !
 7 FT for $ 1 is a steal if you have Amazon Prime.The Cable is stable and durable . Cables to Go is a great brand .
 I purchased this cable to run from my basement to the upstairs 2nd floor for a wired ethernet connection . I have had the cable in place now for 45 days and it has been working very well with no problems .
 Great cables at an amazing price . Have worked great since running them from the router located in the basement to the upstairs bedrooms .
 My brother-inlaw and I both use these cables and have had no problems.I will order more of the same should family or frends need them .
 It did the trick , I do n't think that wire was 10 feet though so I was a little worried it might be too short ... ca n't believe I got it the very next day !!!
 What can you say about a ethernet cable ? It seems to be good quality and the price is good . If you need a cable I would not hesitate .
 My boss asked me to find a cheap cable for him , and this worked out just fine . No complaints yet .
 item was received very quickly , it is a good sturdy cable and works just fine .
 This is a long cable that I ran from a back bedroom , up to attic , and down to a family room . It is working perfectly .
 Since so many use wireless modems now , cat 5 cables are something you might only occasionally need , such as when you are setting up a router . And it seems like overkill when you pull out an old 20 foot cable to connect to a router that 's sitting just across from you on a desktop.And yet a three foot cable might be too short -- not allowing you to keep the laptop in your lap while you set things up.That 's where this five foot length cable comes in handy . It 's not too long , not too short , and it can be coiled up and tucked away nicely in a drawer after you 've finished setting up the router and wireless modem.It 's good quality too , nicely made . Overall it 's a good little cable to have on hand .
 The cost was just right and it is doing the job it is suppose to do.Would recommend
 How much can one say about a cable ? Well , some cables are noticeably cheap and nasty and some are obviously designed for use with super computers . This one falls into the middle ground that fits almost every home user . In a nutshell , if you have a computer in a different room to your modem or router then this cable does the job nicely . The toughest thing is the DIY job you have to do to get it under floors and/or through walls . The snagless protectors do what they are supposed to do so if you need to move the cable then the release catch can not `` grab '' hold of other cables . Particularly one of the million strands of spaghetti that hang down behind our computer desks . We 've all been there trying to unhook the cable we are trying to pull out from under the desk which usually ends up with us banging our heads on the keyboard tray.So , nice price for 50 ' of cable that works perfectly and it easy to use if you 're moving it at all . Job done , . . oh , except for drilling those holes and crawling through the crawl space .
 Price was very good with speedy delivery . Would cost about 10 times as much at a RS store
 This cat5 cable performs exactly as expected . It was ran through 3 walls and an attic and has worked flawlessly . If you need guaranteed high speed performance , then this cable works .
 Arrived earlier than expected . Works wonderfully and at a great price . Wo n't need to find a replacement for a while .
 I have this connected to my receiver from router which is in the next room . As it is long enough , it works good .
 These cables are great ! Ca n't go wrong with them at this price especially ! I ordered extras just to have on hand .
 For personal use , I only buy cables to go . They are a high quality cable and a great price . Their RJ-45 's are quality , I have n't had one break yet ! The cable also coils nicely , and hardly tangles if I am lazy and toss it in a pile.I ca n't recommend these enough !
 I know cables are n't the most exciting thing to review -- but , this one is substantial , length is perfect for connecting router and it was inexpensive too ! It 's nice that it has the rubber protectors over the plastic connector too .
 Item arrived ahead of schedule and is just as described . Installed and using to date and no problems , works just fine . What can you say about a cable , either it works or it does n't . I 'm happy with buy .
 Works great in the Alpha 100 , good to have as a spare battery in your bag .
 This lens is equivalent to a 105mm on a 35mm camera . * It focuses fast . * It is super sharp . * Depth of field is amazing . * Allows me to get further back for tight portraits.I mainly use it for portraits at prophotoaz.com
 I really enjoy this skinny camera , it 's very light weight , tiny -LRB- 3.5 '' x 2 '' -RRB- and easy to carry . I put it in my purse and it does n't take up much space . It gives nice sharp images and I also use it as a video camcorder . Works great for me !
 Great wall mount , very easy to install and packaged with compete set of 4 different size screws for all monitor applications .
 I see everyone is wondering what the person from Washington has rated since this product is not out yet . I 'm pretty sure that he is speaking about a sound card , more than likely from the soundblaster series . As for the availability of this product , 3dfx 's web-site is supposedly carrying it , and it is in stock . I have not yet ordered it , but hope someone can find a place that is selling this product .
 Just because something is not available for retail sale does not mean it 's not available . I , for example , was lucky enough to be given a Voodoo 3 card from 3dfx -LRB- because I 'm a developer in the game industry . This is typical B.T.W. -RRB- , months before it hit the stores . I therefore could accurately write a review on the card even though the average Joe could n't go to Fry 's and buy it.Check your `` facts '' before flapping.Oh , B.T.W. Voodoo 5 is amazing .
 This card is great . Even though all the hype over the video card was great and well worth the reward of the graphics this card does n't quite compare . Personally this card was great . it performed well in every aspect -LRB- ex . in surround sound with Counter-Strike and Half-Life -RRB- it is worth the money if you want good sound . If you want great sound I recomend the platinum card from sound blaster . Now that is a card !
 I was an FSAA skeptic . Now that I 've actually seen the Full-Scene Anti-Aliasing that the Voodoo5 can do , I am amazed ! Even old games that looked jagged and dated on a GeForce look great with the Voodoo5 's FSAA . With the updated drivers on 3dfx 's website , you can also adjust the LOD bias to make blurry textures look crisp and sharp . This card will make all of your existing games look new all over again . The Voodoo5 's image quality is better than any other card you can buy . It may not be quite as fast for Quake3 as a GeForce2 GTS , but the image quality is absolutely amazing . No more jaggies , no more pixel popping , and new life for your old games .
 This is got to be the best graphics card you can buy for the PCI bus . I 'm glad 3dfx -LRB- now bought out by nVidia -RRB- decided to produce a state of the art card for both AGP and PCI . On top of that made the performance very close to the AGP . With Voodoo5 3d graphics , 64 MB Ram , 350Mhz Ramdac and the most support for games , you ca n't go wrong .
 This is a good card and better than I expected . I previously had a original voodoo1 -LRB- Monster 3d -RRB- . This was an add on card only though so you needed to have that along with a 2d card -LRB- which was a Matrox Millenium II -RRB- . So far I am impressed with the quaility of the voodoo5 PCI . Espically now since the price is only 179-200 dollars . Its worth spending the extra to goto the Voodoo5 . My system is a PPro 200 , and did n't really want to go out and buy a whole new system to play just a couple of games , so I got this card . The 3d and drivers are very good , and the 2d portion seems like it is good also . The image seems sharper and more clear then it previously did . I tried the voodoo5 with Jane 's USAF combat simulator and was surprised how smooth it ran , giving the heavy system requirements . I 'd say if you need a good 3d card and good 2d as well this is a great buy . Its especially nice if you do n't have an AGP slot and still want to get great performance with a PCI .
 I had to return this card because it would n't fit in the available computer space . So I really did not have a chance to use it . I have an HP 8760C . The card is about 10 inches long . So just make sure you measure the available space .
 I love this card i upgraded my intel card to this . 1 word AMAZING . BUY IT
 This computer card was one of the last ones that was released by voodoo prior to being purchased by Nvidia . This thing had it all , and probably can still hang with the lower end ones available right now , with 64mb of memory , 350mhz ram dac ect ... One of the best graphics cards ever built . Only the 6000 version of this was bigger , but this was a great one , highly recommended to all who need a decent card for an older system . I have owned the voodoo 3 2000 and the Voodoo3 3500tv , all are still working and excellent , this is also amongst the crowd . Highly recommended .
 This graphic card is awesome . no word . is the best . it has so crisp and sharp image . it may not be fast as Geforce2 , but it has the best graphic . though you ca n't get it unless you search for many hours in internet . -LRB- i did ... -RRB-
 This graphic card is awesome . no word . is the best . it has so crisp and sharp image . it may not be fast as Geforce2 , but it has the best graphic . though you ca n't get it unless you search for many hours in internet . -LRB- i did ... -RRB-
 This card is the best out there ... The only problem is that its not available any more !!
 These work great with my Sharp DV-SR3U video recorder , and play back on my laptop consistently with no bad sectors .
 It 's a cable that works and nothing else . The only thing I wish Cables To Go would do is have some sort of Variety pack of different colors .
 I bought this cable and two other colors of the same brand 8 months ago , and they 've been working fine . I 've been getting my cables from Cables To Go since the mid-90 's and they 've always been very high quality at a great price . Highly recommended !
 This cable arrived early and exactly as advertised . I used them for the installation I had in mind , and they are working just fine . Great Buy .
 What can I say they are patch cables . Works like they are supposed to and good price .
 The build quality of the cable is good , works as intended . Handles gigabit network speeds without issue , would buy again .
 bought this camera week ago at Amazon 's lighting deal add a 2GB memory card . purchased a Canon Selphy 740 Photo Printer -LRB- ofcause from Amazon -RRB- WOW , I do n't believed my eyes , Photo comes out great.I do n't have any trouble taking pictures nor printing it.I would said both are user friendly .
 For what it does , this is an amazing little shirt-pocket camera . Canon probably still makes the best lenses - even for cheapo cameras . The only Canon I 've ever been disappointed in is the Rebel XTi , which I tried and sent back last year . Disappointingly cheap plasticy body and images that were n't even as good as the Powershot G3 -LRB- great pix but pain-in-the-rear shutter relay -RRB- I had hoped to replace with it . In the `` entry-level '' dslr category , I 've been much happier with the Pentax I 'm using now ... . But I 'm off the subject . This little unit did a great job for backup snaps on Safari in Africa - and even held up to a bonking on the metal deck of a ferry boat when I had to jump onto the boat to get across the Nile ...
 Well , canon photo quality is a good start . I bought this camera to upgrade from 3MP SD200 . Both take excellent pictures and movies , although it is limited to 1GB file size or roughly 8 minutes.Now the WIFI feature is the one that stands out from this camera . It works really well , and it is easy enough to get connected . If you want to connect to existing home network with router , just follow the instructions , input SSID and password . Just make sure you enabled ICMPv .4 in your firewall settings or else you get disconnected all the time . For ad hoc connections , I use my laptop 's network settings to just pick up ad hoc signals , and you can use it wherever you go just bring your laptop . No problems with wifi connection to printers whatsoever , in fact you do n't need to set up anything , it is pre-set to use with pict bridge compatible printers.Remote capture is also a neat feature , I want to use it for baby monitor so no need to buy an fancy , expensive one .
 Good camera as it is - fully featured point and shoot -LRB- have to like Canon -RRB- - low noise at lover ISO - excellent prints for 5MP - body is plasticly -LRB- part of Wi-Fi design as per Canon rep. -RRB- - Wi-Fi is actually a very nice feature of this camera and it works like a charm . Good camera with a wireless bonus - if you do not care about Wi-Fi , look at other cameras in this price range with features like IS or bigger/wider zoom.Anyhow this is another Canon well done - 5 star camera - 4.5 for Wi-Fi -LRB- had to download a plug for it to work -RRB- , but it works and it works very well.Recommended !
 If you are having second thoughts about purchasing this item , then im here to say its worth it . I bought it on may 6 from amazon . And it was totally worth it . It has great battery life . And the pictures on the computyer are very clear . The manual is easy to use and very clear . I am not good with cameras but this one was easy to operate . I highly recommend it . GREAT CAMERA ... CANON is the best !
 I bought this camera a month or so ago after my old Canon S400 was stolen . I needed an affordable camera quick since we were going on a 2 week trip to europe . When I found this camera for about $ 100 , I jumped on it.The camera takes great pictures , although dark light can be tough -LRB- like most cameras -RRB- . The movie mode works well . The size is small enough to fit in your pocket.The wi-fi features of the camera work well . It 's nice to be able to just come home , turn the camera on , connect to the network and send the photos to the computer downstairs - without having to actually go down there . If you 're transferring larger numbers of photos this may not work as well , i usually connect via USB to do that.The only negative I 've found with the camera so far is that it does n't feel as sturday as my old tank of a camera , the s400 . it feels a little plasticky .
 Good pictures in low light . I compared the pictures taken with this camera with my friend 's Olympus in low light . While the pictures taken with Olympus came out grainy , the Canon one were still sharp . Also , very few pictures got blurred because of camera shake.Quite happy with this camera .
 I love this camera , it 's an older model -LRB- only 5MP -RRB- but picture quality is great . Love tha fact that you can connect to your network with Wifi to print your pictures with no cables but the main feature why I bought this camera is the ability to control the camera and take pictures using the PC -LRB- great for taking remote pictures -RRB- and this feature I havent seen in any other camera maybe the general public did not use ??? well anyway I love the camera and I 'll upgrade to a newer model if they ever bring back this feature ...
 I love the ease of photo shooting , the size , and the resulting picture from this camera ! Here 's what i do n't care for
 Its a nice camera with good features . The small zoom -LRB- 3x -RRB- is the only downside . Using wireless downloads of photos is great . So far , battery life seems to be fine , but I think i am going to need a spare battery for when I use it for any trips .
 I bought this for a replacement of a broken camera . It fits in my purse and is always available . I like the fact it takes standard chips . It does have it 's own battery but I have not used up the charge yet . Granted , I recharge it after use , but it 's not been a problem . The pictures have turned out well . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 While on a vacation trip in the Southeast , I found myself in suden need of a scanner and copier . I 'd visited a library and in their archives found a plethora of documents and photos I could use for research . There were so many that paying for copies would have gotten into more money than I wanted to pay , and the librarians had no time for scanning photos.I decided to buy a cheap printer/scanner/copier , since I already have one at home . Nothing in Circuit City or Best Buy was cheap enough , so I buzzed into Wal-Mart and picked up a Lexmark X2500 -LRB- XP certified -RRB- for $ 46.97 plus tax . The choice was mostly by default , since Lexmark was the only brand in the store that was Windows Vista-certified . Interestingly , the printer came with everything except the black ink cartridge . The color cartridge was there , but a note on the box stated , `` Black cartridge sold separately . '' This reminds me of the King C. Gillette marketing trick of selling shavers at little or no profit in order to create a repeat market for profitable double-edge razor blades.The cartridge cost $ 17.97 , so in reality I paid about $ 66 for the printer/scanner . The situation begs the quetion
 Amazingly compact , no larger than a small cell phone . Easy to operate , even though there are only five buttons . Can be configured to use different units and coordinate systems . The battery life is okay but can be as short as four hours , depending on various factors -LRB- which I wish were documented somewhere -RRB- . The built-in compass and altimeter are neat , but probably not worth the additional cost over the Geko 201 , especially if you have a separate compass anyway . The screen resolution is okay , but in the view that shows tracks and waypoints the labels sometimes start overlapping and get unreadable when you zoom out . Getting a signal can require anywhere from less than a minute to more than ten minutes , depending on how much time -LRB- or distance ? -RRB- has passed since the device was turned off or lost the signal . Getting a signal in urban areas , in forrests or even steep mountain sides turned out to be difficult or impossible ; do n't know how much of an issue this is for comparable devices . Finally , the USB cable which must be purchased separately is outrageously expensive . You 'd expect this kind of thing to be included , but no luck .
 The re-conditioned Geko 301 is indistinguishable from a new one . We use it in our land-surveying business in conjunction with National Geographic TOPO ! to find section corners and quarter-corners . I 've also used it with great results when sailing in a small vessel that lacked a compass and speedometer .
 This GPS works with very good performance , It has all of I was looking for . I strongly recomend it .
 This is a great , small GPS unit . It is very light and full of great functions . It wo n't map , but I use it to just keep from getting lost . Also , the altimeter and the electronic compass are great . The batteries last a while , but I only turn it on occasionally .
 Garmin Geko 301 - GPS receiver - hikingNot a bad piece of equipment for the price ... Reasonable battery life , fair amount of options , relatively easy operation in harsh conditions , fluctuating readings of elevations , once calibrated , generally appear to be within ascribed tolerances -LRB- have checked this against solidbenchmarks -RRB- ... . Though I would NOT want to absolutely stake my personalsurvival upon it , it is DEFINTELY better than nothing in orientinggeo-direction , esp . in the dark and provides some degree of entertainmentwhen one is out `` Lost in the Wilderness '' ... . Wish ALL screens wouldinclude transceived geographical coordinates instead of just one and ameans of noting and processing them as well ... . This item field-testedat altitudes over 12K Ft. Thanks ! Sincerely Yours From Upon High , J.
 A great simple GPS with some neat extras such as Compass.The manual is not very good on it . They seem to forget to put in the manual some simple things you would need to know on it.However it is something I am very happy with ...
 It was hard to find a charger for this old Palm Zire , but I found this . Wish it had a wall adapter , but the vehicle charger will have to do.It does exactly what the description said it would do .
 What more can be said . They work fine , no problem , were shipped right away . I 'd buy this item again !
 7 FT for $ 1 is a steal if you have Amazon Prime.The Cable is stable and durable . Cables to Go is a great brand .
 I purchased this cable to run from my basement to the upstairs 2nd floor for a wired ethernet connection . I have had the cable in place now for 45 days and it has been working very well with no problems .
 Great cables at an amazing price . Have worked great since running them from the router located in the basement to the upstairs bedrooms .
 My brother-inlaw and I both use these cables and have had no problems.I will order more of the same should family or frends need them .
 It did the trick , I do n't think that wire was 10 feet though so I was a little worried it might be too short ... ca n't believe I got it the very next day !!!
 What can you say about a ethernet cable ? It seems to be good quality and the price is good . If you need a cable I would not hesitate .
 My boss asked me to find a cheap cable for him , and this worked out just fine . No complaints yet .
 item was received very quickly , it is a good sturdy cable and works just fine .
 This is a long cable that I ran from a back bedroom , up to attic , and down to a family room . It is working perfectly .
 Since so many use wireless modems now , cat 5 cables are something you might only occasionally need , such as when you are setting up a router . And it seems like overkill when you pull out an old 20 foot cable to connect to a router that 's sitting just across from you on a desktop.And yet a three foot cable might be too short -- not allowing you to keep the laptop in your lap while you set things up.That 's where this five foot length cable comes in handy . It 's not too long , not too short , and it can be coiled up and tucked away nicely in a drawer after you 've finished setting up the router and wireless modem.It 's good quality too , nicely made . Overall it 's a good little cable to have on hand .
 The cost was just right and it is doing the job it is suppose to do.Would recommend
 How much can one say about a cable ? Well , some cables are noticeably cheap and nasty and some are obviously designed for use with super computers . This one falls into the middle ground that fits almost every home user . In a nutshell , if you have a computer in a different room to your modem or router then this cable does the job nicely . The toughest thing is the DIY job you have to do to get it under floors and/or through walls . The snagless protectors do what they are supposed to do so if you need to move the cable then the release catch can not `` grab '' hold of other cables . Particularly one of the million strands of spaghetti that hang down behind our computer desks . We 've all been there trying to unhook the cable we are trying to pull out from under the desk which usually ends up with us banging our heads on the keyboard tray.So , nice price for 50 ' of cable that works perfectly and it easy to use if you 're moving it at all . Job done , . . oh , except for drilling those holes and crawling through the crawl space .
 Price was very good with speedy delivery . Would cost about 10 times as much at a RS store
 This cat5 cable performs exactly as expected . It was ran through 3 walls and an attic and has worked flawlessly . If you need guaranteed high speed performance , then this cable works .
 Arrived earlier than expected . Works wonderfully and at a great price . Wo n't need to find a replacement for a while .
 I have this connected to my receiver from router which is in the next room . As it is long enough , it works good .
 These cables are great ! Ca n't go wrong with them at this price especially ! I ordered extras just to have on hand .
 For personal use , I only buy cables to go . They are a high quality cable and a great price . Their RJ-45 's are quality , I have n't had one break yet ! The cable also coils nicely , and hardly tangles if I am lazy and toss it in a pile.I ca n't recommend these enough !
 I know cables are n't the most exciting thing to review -- but , this one is substantial , length is perfect for connecting router and it was inexpensive too ! It 's nice that it has the rubber protectors over the plastic connector too .
 Item arrived ahead of schedule and is just as described . Installed and using to date and no problems , works just fine . What can you say about a cable , either it works or it does n't . I 'm happy with buy .
 Its a standard DB9 extension cable , not much more to say . It works and is the size listed . Seems to be made out of good quality parts .
 I purchased this cable to connect a balance to the computer for some experiments I am conducting for my research . While the lab has tons of cables , could n't find this one thus had to buy one . After looking at places like best buy and radioshack who were trying to sell the cable for 40 bucks , I looked at amazon and saw this one selling for very little . Plugged in the cable and the balance was instantly recognized . This product worked like a charm .
 I 've had this product for just over 3 years and wanted to chime in because of all the mixed reviews . My Dell Latitude X1 does n't have an internal fan and runs VERY hot from almost the second you turn it on . This product makes my computer feel -LRB- temperature-wise -RRB- as though it 's not even on ! Also , it 's so quiet that I can hear the fans running ONLY when it is completely quiet -LRB- which is rare -RRB- , and it 's definitely quieter than the internal fan on my old Dell Inspiron laptop ! The cord is a bit long , as one reviewer noted , and I do n't know if I would travel with it because it does seem a bit cheaply made -LRB- which is why I am now looking for a portable fan because I do n't want to break this one -RRB- , but the thing is still working perfectly after over 3 years , so I really ca n't complain .
 Does it what it is made for , helps keep my laptop from turning into a stove , which it felt dangerously close too .
 This is fabulous ! My eMachines notebook computer used to overheat and shutdown after only 1-2 hours of use . Now , it will run all day without overheating ! The Chill Pad is also very lightweight & fairly thin so it easily fits in my laptop bag along with my laptop .
 Would have given the Chill Pad 5 stars , but took off a star for the light material which leads one to think it is cheap and wo n't work . Well , pleasant surprise ! Prelude - I have totally had it with my Vaio shutting down . I have never had a laptop that heated up to a third-degree burning stage , shut down so often , and I have tried to be ingenious at inventing my own cooling system . Well , after having to rig all kinds of awkward items that only occasionally worked , I am thrilled and more than happy with the Chill Pad . When you see it in person , you will assume that a -RRB- anyone could make such an item and b -RRB- it wo n't last or even hold a notebook computer on it without cracking.Behold ! it does a fabulous job , the material is much sturdier than at first glance , and it is reliable . Even on your lap , it 's very comfortable , light and keeps the computer going . For the first time , we we ran a 4 hour video in the DVD drive , which in the past would heat everything up and shut down in less than an hour . I was able to complete work without worrying about saving it as often etc. . Enough said - do n't reinvent the wheel , just buy the Targus .
 This product does what it says well , but is a bit cheap . The silver paint on the plastic is starting to rub off , but it does keep my laptop really cool.Pros-small-quiet fans-fans in center -LRB- I have a tablet pc and it gets hot in the center -RRB- - Keeps laptop cool-blows air out the back , so you can set it on a bed without blocking airCons-cheap looking silver paint-silver paint rubs off easy-usb cord is somewhat long for what I need it for-On/Off switch on usb cable is unneeded and adds bulk to the cableBottom line-Does what it says and low cost , as long as it lasts it is well worth the money to me .
 If you own a Mac laptop this is a must . Laptop computers generate a lot of heat . If you actually use one on your lap then you know what I mean . Not only does it become uncomfortable it shortens the life of your laptop . I first bought one of these for my wife as a Christmas present for her laptop . It worked so well that I bought another one for my computer.It is amazing how well it works . Not only is it more comfortable to use a laptop on your lap , but it really does a great job of keeping the computer cooler . I have not had any problems with my Mac overheating . If you own or are buying a laptop , buy this product . It is well worth the price .
 You do the math . This is my third notebook and first cool pad . This item does the job it 's meant to do . I had trouble with my notebook turning off and this thing has helped better my notebook 's performance and life . I just got this today and I notice a complete difference . The keyboard is cool and not hot . I 'm a writer so a lot of my time is spent typing away . I would definately recomend this product to anyone looking to take care of their notebook . It only cost $ 25 on Amazon and it does the job it says it does . Yeah , it may not fit on the bottom of my notebook like I thought it would but it 's not like its that absurd to look at and it 's not like my notebook is teetering . Although it may not be aesthetically pleasing to some it 's overall value exceeds it 's looks . Trust me it did n't look that great in my eye but I 'm not happy when my comuter shuts off from overheating . Like I said a $ 25 purchase to protect a $ 1500 product makes sense if you ca n't afford a new computer everytimetime your computer breaks down .
 I LOVE my Targus Notebook Chill Mat ! The silver color blends perfectly with it , and it is very lightweight & portatble , and ultra quiet . Perfect for small notebook owners . I was amazed at how cool it actually keeps my VAIO . When I first got my notebook , it was running really hot and my dining table was getting hot too . Now I have a place to put my notebook on to protect my work surfaces and more importantly , keep the notebook cool !
 The Targus Traveler Coolpad -LRB- PA239U -RRB- consists of two small and thin plastic -LRB- not metal -RRB- slabs - a base and a swiveling platform upon which the notebook computer is placed . The swiveling platform has two rubber dome risers by the back edge that lifts the notebook at a slightly inclined angle , and four rubber feet by the front edge to keep the notebook from sliding . The raised positioning gives notebooks with ventilation fans aimed at the bottom somewhat more room to breathe.My experience with the Traveler Coolpad is that it noticeably reduces heat transference from my notebook to my work surfaces . This presumably results from the increased air volume between the notebook and work surface , but may also be because the Coolpad acts as a sort of heat shield between the notebook and work surface - kind of like an expensive drink coaster . Thus , although the bottom of my notebook seems just as hot as before , my desk feels appreciably less like a hot stove top and more like a desk , albeit a slightly heated desk.Prospective buyers should consider their usage habits and environments before deciding on a purchase . Mobile users may find the Traveler Coolpad preferable if only for its small size -LRB- 10.25 '' x 6.75 '' x 0.75 '' -RRB- and portability . Those who work primarily in well air-conditioned and ventilated environments would also do well with a Traveler Coolpad . Users who tend to work primarily in poorly ventilated or stationary environments should consider notebook coolers that make use of forced convection -LRB- e.g. , powered fans , like the Asus Notebook Cooler -RRB- or other technologies -LRB- e.g. , heat pipes , like the Nexus TDD-3000 -RRB- . These other notebook coolers may provide superior cooling , but are heavier , bulkier , and less suited for mobile computing - where every inch , ounce , and watt may matter ... for what is essentially a few pieces of plastic , the Traveler Coolpad seems expensive . But the price is in line with other notebook cooling products , and the Coolpad does have some benefit , especially for your furniture .
 The design of a laptop makes it more vulnerable to heat than a regular system . A simple way to counteract it is with a cooling pad . I use the TARGUS PA248U Tornado Notebook Chill PadIt is a simple solution . The pad plugs into the usb and draws the power to run the fans to cool the system . This is a smart investment.Be wary of the cord , it is not strong and having my kids move the system got it broken pretty quickly . Also watch out when putting weight on the laptop when it is not docked , it can cause the fans to be hit by the plastic.All in all it 's a worthwhile device .
 Some of the reviews are misplaced here ; this is not a powered `` cooling pad . '' No fans , no USB , no fancy tricks . This is Targus ' simplest pad , two plastic plates that swivel , one with rubber feet to remain stable and solid on your flat surface , the other with rubber supports for laptop . The result
 I bought this because my very old laptop was overheating . It keeps my computer cool and was a great price when I got it . It is a little loud but other than just great .
 This product worked very well with my computer . I have a Dell laptop which is over 4 years old now I believe . Understandably , the heat sink and fans do n't work as well in it as they used to . It was running slower and getting almost hot enough to burn me , definately hot enough to make it uncomfortable to use . I picked up this chill pad and it made a big difference . It keeps my laptop completely cool with the two fans , and all my progams run a lot faster now . The fans channel the air out the back of the pad so you do n't get any heat on you at all . I did have a problem with the power cord . It came apart at the switch so I just took the switch off and spliced the wires together . Was very easy , but now it 's just on all the time it 's plugged in , not that I ever turned it off anyways . Otherwise , very good product .
 I had a good feeling this was going to work well for my computer -LRB- Dell inspiron 1501 -RRB- because a friend of mine who has the same computer only had good things to say about it . I feel the same , over all.It keeps my computer very cool . Sometimes one of the fans will start spinning slower , but all it takes to fix that is shutting it on and then off . It is n't completely silent , but it is well worth keeping my computer cool.I 'd recommend it .
 this chill mat does everything you need it to do . it allows your computer to stay at a safe working temp so you do not have overheating and you wont have to burn your legs anymore when you use this product .
 The Targus PA248U Notebook Chill Pad , which I purchased on 17 February , 2009 , exceeded my expectations . The two large fans were so quiet that Icould n't hear them , yet I could feel the air stream they created .
 this is cool my laptop was so hot on my legs that i had bruises until i show this TARGUS NOTEBOK CHILL PAD this is the best thing for hot legs easy connection and very lightweight you dont know it is there this is a great product and was delivered to me in 2 days with no problems THANKS AGAIN AMAZON . COM
 Update
 The unit is smaller than appears in all photos I 've seen . My 15.4 '' Acer laptop hangs over the Chill Pad in all directions . But the good news is , the two up-facing rubber bumps are `` grippy '' so it hangs onto the laptop , and -LRB- here 's the most important part -RRB- it keeps my laptop COOL , period . That is no small feat , because this laptop gets pretty warm .
 This is a cheap model which I had picked up and is still date servicing me just fine . The good part is the on/off switch which comes along with the product . I use it CONSTANTLY to cool by laptop with no issues . BUT
 I first bought the Targus laptop coolpad which also works as a stand and it worked good but my laptop a Dell 600m was still running a bit hot on the top . My wrists were getting hot from the laptop , so I decided to buy the chill pad . I put it under my friend 's laptop first since his is a bigger HP ze5200 -LRB- 15 '' -RRB- , his always ran cooler than my laptop because of a bigger fan but now it 's even cooler . I lifted up his laptop to feel the bottom part and it 's nice and cool now , whereas before the top would be cool but the bottom would be hot.Now , my laptop is smaller than his and it 's cools it down alot ! I can not imagine not having this product now . My wrists are thanking me ! The only thing I can say for Targus to do is to combine both the chill pad and coolpad/stand into one product . I like having my laptop at an angle since it makes typing alot easier.If you run your laptop alot , which in my case I am a grad student and it 's on alot throughout the day -- then get this chillpad , believe me you wo n't regret it !
 I bought one of these several years ago and liked it so much I bought one for my wife . She uses it all the time . Amazing how cool it keeps my laptop . Definitely recommend this product .
 This is a great product . I bought it on a whim because it was cheap after rebate , and absolutely love it . It cools down my MacBook Pro to tolerable levels , and is VERY QUIET.I also bought an Antec , figuring it would be better -LRB- and more stylish -RRB- , but the Antec is just larger , makes more noise -LRB- even when on the ` low ' setting -RRB- , and does not cool down my MacBook pro nearly as much.The only drawback I can find is the size , which is smaller than my laptop , but , that does n't bother me too much .
 I have had this Chill Pad for about 4 days now . It arrived as advertised . It made a huge difference in cooling off my laptop . The Two fans works great and silent . The cord is long but you can tie it and it becomes a great fit . I recommend this product so far , If I run into problems I will write back .
 Works like a charm . Silent and efficient . Make sure to turn it off when you close your notebook . Fits nicely in my case and travels well . Wish the cord were shorter .
 I had an older laptop that was brand new and never used because it kept locking up . The mouse would not move and I would just have to `` hard '' shut down . Noticed that if I blew on the fan it could get the mouse working again . As soon as I tried this product I have had no problems at all . Compared to my other laptops it stays cool to the touch . So a brand new laptop that I was going to toss is now a perfect 1st computer for my 10 year old son . Great product .
 This product really helps with the hot Dell 600M I use it with . One thing though . The shipping box was really busted up with hardly any attempt to pack it in the box . Frankly surprised it worked the way the box looked when it got here .
 My computer was overheating even when doing very basic tasks . It was constantly blowing out hot air , very hot air . This product changed that and now it only blows out cold air . The only gripe is that it barely fits under my zd8000 .
 When I first opened the package , I was disappointed -- I expected it to look more technical than it did . But when I put my laptop on it for the first time , WOW . My computer was n't overheating , so the cooling was n't the driving factor for me . But it keeps the laptop at a perfect typing angle , and the swivel is really useful as I work . -LRB- I tightened the screw to keep it from moving too easily . -RRB- It also fits nicely into my laptop backpack . I paid full price for mine at a large retailer , so if you can save a few bucks , try to . But it is worth every penny I spent on it , believe me .
 A pair of these were ordered for Christmas presents for my sons.They said `` They really do work , helps the heat problem with their notebooks '' .
 Was taking a Heat Transfer class this semester when I recently bought this ` thing . ' Good thing
 My Mitac laptop has a fan on the bottom for exhaust so I figured with summer , my tabs on the PC always get stuck to the counter . This item is very nice indeed for a stable platform . Nice for lifting and having the hot air be directed in a different direction rather then just heat up the underside of the laptop . However this item I am sorry to say does not conform to larger model laptops . It doesnt sit on my lap easy and definatly not when I have my Wireless G card on the side . I would wind up if im not careful busting it . However if you find the place to keep it , aside from your lap . -LRB- Such as your bed , floor , table -RRB- This item will be a nice aide and you wont feel cheated for what you paied . However if your looking into keeping your laptop cool for the summer , I would suggest the one pad I saw that is PS2 powered and dual fans . Seems abit larger and will cool off same time . Dont have it myself , however I may get it .
 My co-workers ALL had the Targus coolpad . I was jealous and somewhat miffed that they ordered one for , it seemed , everyone but me . Finally , I decided I could not live without one because my laptop seemed to get so warm . HOWEVER , the very best part of this product is how perfect it angles my laptop . I had no idea what I was missing . This has made a great difference in ease of use of my laptop which we all know does not have the most friendly keyboard !
 Seriously , this product can not be beat . Is perfect for all laptops of all sizes . Makes a perfect gift and a definite must-have for any frequent laptop user .
 We purchased 4 of these for our 4 laptops . They come with an on/off switch on the cord and connect directly to the lap top for power from the USB port.Out of 4 , two stopped working so we sent them to our `` electronics junk drawer . '' Going through my file cabinet , I found the warranties for them , which had expired two weeks ago . argh.So I emailed them anyway . They had me check to see if it was the unit itself or the power cord . Using a working power cord , I found the two `` broken '' units do work , it was just the cord.I now have an email that they are shipping the cords out to me and they should be here in a few days . Ca n't give them a perfect score , because after all , I spent most of the last year with them in the drawer because something was broken.My daughter says her chill mat does n't keep hers cool enough and it is always shutting off overheating . But that could be another story.It defintely helps relieve the heat on the lap when sitting on the couch .
 Cools off my laptop really well . It 's a bit short for my HP ; it 's a 15 in . widescreen , but it still does the job .
 If you want a quick `` bottom-line , '' here it is
 I had been using my Toshiba laptop for about six hours the day the chill pad arrived . Toshibas have a reputation for getting super hot and mine is no exception . The areas on either side of the touch pad get hot enough to make the unit uncomfortable to use . I was at that point when the mailman rang the doorbell.I hooked the chill pad up immediately , turned it on and opened the rest of my mail . It was not more than _ five minutes _ later that I returned to my laptop and was totally shocked . In that short span of time my laptop had gone from needing to be shut down for an hour to cool off to feeling as if it had just been turned on for the day . I 'm serious . This thing is awesome . AND , my computer runs faster.Now , it is a bit more plastic than I expected it to be . I definitely would n't want to take it back and forth to work in my bag every single day . I figure if I am at least as careful with it as I am with my laptop already it will not ever become a problem .
 I have a 19 '' laptop , so trying to position the chill pad is awkward , but it 's not a problem . It works great and keeps my laptop cool . I also noticed the battery lasts somewhat longer . I can actually place it on my lap without my legs getting hot . If they made a wider one , it would be perfect .
 After reading some of the other reviews for this product , I was wary of purchasing it . However , I bought not one but three . I 'm glad I did . So far my family is impressed with how well they work . The chill pad does exactly what it says it will do . There is not enough noise produced by the chill pad for me to notice . In fact the fan on the computer does not have to run as much , so my computer is much quieter . Having it powered by usb is very convenient . The best point is that my laptop no longer burns my lap . Good product at a good price !
 GREAT ITEM , POWERED OFF LAPTOP ITS FANS WORK QUIETLY TO KEEP LAPTOP COOL . SO YOU CAN ACTUALLY US YOUR LAP , WITHOUT FEAR OF OVERHEATING YOUR COMPUTER . AN INEXPENSIVE SOLUTION TO PREVENTING COSTLY REPAIRS . WISH I 'D PURCHASED EARLIER AS I ALREADY FRIED MY CD/DVD DRIVE AND HAD TO REPLACE THEM . GOOD PRODUCT TARGUS .
 Arrived on time and in excellant condition . It works very well , my laptop is much more comfortable to use .
 As stated in the description , the Chill Pad reduces heat on the notebook and thus - potentially - extends the life of the notebook.After using my notebook with and without the chill pad , I can say for sure that it actually works . The notebooks `` hot parts '' are clearely colder . While like this effect , the pad itself is a little small and may not completely cool larger notebooks -LRB- mine is a 15.4 '' wide screen -RRB- . Two little rubber knobs are supposed to provide a little space between the top of the chilpad and the bottom of the notebook . However , if your notebook 's rubber feet are in an ` inconvinient ' position , they can cause the notebook to be wobly on the pad . Taking the knobs out seems to block the airflow and is not recommended.I think this chill pad will fit typical 15.4 '' notebooks , but may be too small for 17 '' or larger .
 This cooling pad -LRB- Targus PA248U $ 14.99 -RRB- is unbelievable . Easily the best buy i have made for my computer since i purchased it . I use a 3 1/2 year old power hungry dell that runs very very hot , but not anymore . This thing keeps my computer not cooler than cool - ice cold . Would recommend to anyone with a hot laptop .
 A good product , you have to buy it and what helps you that your laptop is not overheating and so you can last for long . do not hesitate to buy it
 I purchase 2 of the Targus ChillPads . They do work and now I feel NO HEAT coming from the bottom of both computers . I highly recommend them for anyone who uses a MacBook or Laptop at home .
 Purchased the product two days ago and it came in the mail yesterday . I 've been using the chill pad since last night.First of all , like others before me have mentioned , the picture of the chill pad online is not representative of what the actual product looks like . The one I received is gray , shaped like an hourglass and does n't look as sturdy . However , I have an Inspiron E1505 which is quite heavy but it seems to hold up just fine . As far as the wiring goes , it is not made of the strongest material but since I primarily use it on a desk with little movement , it works just fine . The most important thing is that the chill pad actually chills my laptop . My only concern is that my laptop fan still works fairly hard even though the bottom only feels slightly warm . That may just be my laptop 's problem though . Oh and also the price dropped by 10 bucks the day after I purchased it . What gives ?
 Targus PA248U Notebook Chill PadI purchased this chill pad for a toshiba laptop , was delivered in a timely manner , I installed it , cools very well thanks , jack wright
 I 've had this for over 6 months , and I 've had it on every day and it still continues to function . So long as you do n't abuse it , and leave it in place ... I feel that it 'll last for a very long time . My laptop definitely feels cooler after I turn this on .
 I love the Targus Podium Cool Pad . I have purchased Five -LRB- 5 -RRB- of them in the last Three -LRB- 3 -RRB- years . Have Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- for myself , gave one to my wife , one to my Daughter and gave one as a present to some friends . They are great to use for presentations because you can truen them instantly so everyone can see your screen .
 Very easy to connect to your laptop using a USB connection . The dual fans are quiet and keep the heat circulating so the laptop does n't get hot . Very satisfied at this point . Hopefully it will last.Craig
 excellent product . i have another one for 5 years . great design . i needed asecond one . Price is right
 light weight , nice and thin . . works well ... i blew one up by plugging my laptop charger into it by accident , was n't paying attention to which plug i grabbed . be careful !!!
 This is a great buy , I got this because my laptop kept getting to hot for my tastes . Especially when I was doing large projects that required a lot of processing power . I have a 15 '' laptop and was kind of worried about the size of this thing -LRB- its pretty small -RRB- . But I tried it out and it fits perfect . I was kind of hoping that it 'd come with an extra usb port so you would n't lose the one you 're using , but it does n't . Setup is easy , just plug in , put it under the laptop and you 're finished . It keeps the laptop cool -LRB- by cooling the underside where all the heat accumulates -RRB- and now my computer handles a lot better . Its very soft too , you ca n't hear this thing at all.I liked this and would definately recommend to those who are having problems with laptop heat .
 This product provided a drop in my average laptop core temperature of 10-15 degrees Celsius depending on the processing load and the room temperature . Unfortunately , overheating had already caused my computer damage before purchasing so I can use it for the same computing load any more
 This is a nice cool pad and works very well . It takes the heat out of the laptop and also serves as a buffer between the laptop and the lap . My amd laptop works better since it runs cooler with this chillpad . The only complaint I have is the power socket is weak . Rough handling will pull the power socket out and render the device useless . So be careful if you have toddlers or pets .
 My computer was in trouble before I got the cooling station but it did seem to help as much as I could tell .
 This Chill Pad works great . Keeps my P4 notebook nice and cool . My notebook fan , which used to run constantly , is now silent . Fans on cooler so quiet , I often forget to turn it off when I close up my notebook . Excellent item , especially for the price . Would definitely recommend .
 I first got this in December 2005 and it lasted almost exactly a year . I recently bought new one and decided to try the new cord on the old chill pad , and it worked . During the few weeks that I did n't use one my laptop was much , much hotter . The fans are pretty quiet , the little noise that it does make is not annoying . It works very well despite the cord being crappy . Maybe the cord is replaceable , I do n't know .
 This item keep your computer from overheating and most of all give you a great support ; in my case it has the same size of my laptop so it fits in my notebook backpack .
 I 've had my laptop on for the last week without turning it off ONCE , and I also had the chill pad on the entire time . It helps so much and is so quiet !
 I have a 15 '' laptop which makes the chill pad about 3 '' smaller than my notebook but it works and fits great , I use it every day . The only time I notice a little warmth in my computer is when it gets turned off by mistake . I encourage everyone to buy this model , do n't let the cheap price throw you , it is a quality chill pad you would pay $ 30.00 or more for in best buy or such stores .
 I looked at several cooling pads for my laptop and went on a whim with this one . Targus makes a good product so that was one plus . I have been using the Targus Traveler CoolPad for about 4 months and it is wonderful ! I have n't had any problems with it - it 's small enough to take in any laptop bag or case , it 's durable , it 's affordable , and it lets my computer `` breathe '' properly without blocking the vents . I recommend this to any student or traveler !
 I like it . It moves the air out the back pretty fast . Keeps my legs from melting with my HP shooting all the air down . Now I can actually work in longer stretches because I do n't have to take time to air out my lap .
 Other than the powercord on my previous chill pad coming undone due to wear and tear , I 've had no other issues with the item .
 This is a great product . My Grandson uses his notebook continously and this has helped with it not slowing down . Highly recommended !
 This was a great buy . It makes very little noise while running . I love the convience of being able to plug it in to my computer through USB drive . I am very satisfied with this item .
 It works very well . I 've been using it more than six months . The switch was gone long time ago , so that I have to connect the cable again myself . But not a big deal . I do n't have any overheating problem with my DELL INSPIRON 600m model . Got noisy a little bit , but can not feel it during the day .
 I have purchased two of these units and the only minor problem I have had is that the power shuts off . The problem is easily rectified by moving the plug that goes into the pad to a different position . Other then that it works great and was satisfied enough with it that I purchased a second for a relative .
 This chill pad is wonderful , my laptop keeps cool and is less expensive than other brands .
 My mom and I have had our Targus 's about a year now , and they 're still very effective in cooling off our Mac laptops , but after about 10 months , we both noticed that they got a little louder than they had been originally - which still is n't super loud . They 're just not as inconspicuous as they once were , and we can definitely hear the whir of the fan as it is still cooling the computer , thereby extending it 's life .
 I have a Toshiba Satellite a65 series laptop that started shutting down late in the day due to overheating . Running mobmeter and can tell that this pad does keep my laptop much cooler . Stays around 60 degrees C . It may not hold up well , have not had it long enough but should keep my laptop running longer . Wish i had bought one earlier .
 I purchased the Chill Pad so I could use my notebook on my lap without getting 3rd degree burns . The Chill Pad with its two fans dropped the CPU temperature by over 10 degrees F . The fans are also very quiet . I can barely notice the noise from them . The Chill Pad is a little too small for my 17 '' Gateway , but the size difference does not bother me at all . As in other reviews , I noticed that the power cord is much longer than it needs to be . I just used the same twist tie it came packaged in to take up the slack . I rated it 4 stars since I 'm not sure how long the all plastic construction will hold up , but otherwise , I 'm very pleased with it . Check some local stores as the Chill Pad seems to be on sale a lot . I picked mine up for $ 20 at Office Depot .
 I 've owned one of these chill pads for over a year and use it with my notebook a few hours almost every day . It is very quiet , has worked reliably without fail , and keeps the notebook cool even when I 'm doing heavy-duty number crunching for hours . It also keeps * me * nice and cool when I have the notebook on my lap . I 'm buying another so I do n't have to swap between different notebooks I use.This device is not made for a road warrior . It is relatively cleap and would probably fall apart with some rough usage . But since I do n't move it around much , it has continued to work well .
 I love this device . It keeps my laptop from overheating and from burning me when I use it on my lap . Very convenient and quiet . I highly recommend it !
 Decent price . Customizeble . Saves your notebook from coffee spills . Small fits in your back pack and cools off your laptop . Most of all it angles the laptop keyboard towards you so that you can tyoe ... then it also lifts the laptop lcd up 2-3 inches so that you do n't have to look down all the times ... for the price of $ 29.00 or less is a must . I have 6 of these . . not all for me of course ... 2 for me and 4 for each of my collegues !
 The Targus PA241U Podium Coolpad keeps the bottom of the laptop elevated and prevents overheating of the laptop . Great job !
 Loving this item ... it 's saving me from having to replace the existing fan on my laptop - I 'm not quite ready to replace my laptop but it 's to the point where I do n't want to sink money into fixing it up , so this was the perfect solution - my laptop does n't overheat and I 'll be able to use it with any future laptops too , so it wo n't be a wasted expense when I eventually upgrade to a new laptop !
 We were initially skeptical if this would work with a 15.4 inch Dell Inspiron 8500 . My Dell would get heated up very fast in just 1 hour of use and the fan would kick in at high gear . But this chillpad keeps the bottom surface cool . Now we are able to use the laptop for hours without any problem ... So far we are happy after about a week of use ...
 small investment on a costly laptop . . its worth it . my compaq used to get so hot after 5-7 hrs of use that it was untouchable at bottom . this product keeps it cool .
 Let me say for $ 10 AR this is a worthwhile investment . I have a 15.4 inch widescreen laptop , and it always got hot on my lap . Now my laptop -LRB- and my lap -RRB- stays cool and I have peace of mind . This cooler will not fit a widescreen laptop exactly but good enough . The fan runs extremely silently , you wo n't even know it 's on . Buy this product !
 I have this pad and the larger Podium CoolPad -LRB- ASIN
 I use it on my lap for my 12.1 '' notebook that heats up pretty quick . It saves my lap from getting burned . I also use it on my desk for the fact that it swivels . I love that because I can easily get to the back to the notebook for plugging things in and out . I could n't imagine not having one . However , it loses 1 star for the fact that 2 pieces of plastic with rubber pads costs as much as it does .
 I like my CoolPad very much . It does minimal cooling for the laptop , but it REALLY keeps my lap cool . New laptops just get too hot to leave and work on your lap . With this product , I can leave it on my lap all day with no problem . Also , the ability to rotate it in a meeting is very helpful . $ 20 MSRP is steep , but you can find it anywhere from $ 10 - $ 15 and that 's reasonable .
 I use this fan for my Mac because it tends to run pretty hot , my husband even had a battery semi-explode so I try to keep mine on a fan whenever I use it . This fan is surprisingly quiet and feels really sturdy . It fits great under my 15 '' laptop and under my husbands 17 '' as well . The newer version of this has a great new design . The price on Amazon is much cheaper than I saw in several online and regular stores when I was shopping around . All around great buy !
 It works well , the picture made it look bigger and it made it look like it had a flip up bottom to raise the rear of the laptop BUT it does work well and keeps the laptop cooler for longer . And as long as you are on a hard surface and not using it on your lap it works well .
 I 've used the Podium CoolPad for several years now and love it . The three things I like best are :1 - The space under the laptop really helps keep everything cooler ,2 - It slides nicely into the bag with the laptop requiring very little space , and3 - It does not require power that drains the battery and adds to the heat problem.The only reason I did not give the Podium CoolPad 5 stars is that I wish it were a couple of inches wider . I like using it on my lap to help keep both the laptop and myself cooler and those extra two inches would add to the stability .
 I 've been using this Targus PA248U Notebook Chill Pad for about 3 weeks now . I have to say it has made a big difference on my IBM ThinkPad T40 . It used to get so hot that I worried about it locking up some day . Also the battery life was getting shorter everyday . Now it seems that I 'm getting a lot better life and I do n't worry about the hard drive getting hot and failing . Wish I had this when I got the lap top originally . To that note , I purchased two more chill pads for my kid 's laptops which I just purchased in the last month . They are in college so their HP Notebooks get plenty of use . Hope the chill pad works as well for them . I would recommend this product . Great for the price .
 This product really helps keep my computer from overheating , which was a serious problem . I 'd reccomend this to anyone who uses their laptop often .
 I was skeptical at first , but willing to try anything to help keep my Apple iBook cool . The tornado chillpad does the trick and is absolutely silent . Especially while playing games a laptop can get really hot with all the processing it needs to go to keep you fragging punks . I was impressed with this product and would recommend it .
 i bought this for my sony vaio pcg-frv25 , this laptop is big and yet i found the chill pad really useful . My laptop used to be burning-hot and now it is not even close to warm ! Just a little smaller than my laptop so not as good looking ... but overall great ! . . Recommend . .
 The second one I received was different from the first one and the picture but the small size will be great for taking my computer with me . Targus AWE23US Stow-N-Go Chill Mat for Laptops up to 15.6 Inches -LRB- Black -RRB- . This is what I got instead of the one I ordered but it is fine with me
 Add the right size laptop and this system will keep it cool . If you want more than that you should look elsewhere .
 I think something was subsituted , but the wife loves having a second one to leave in her office as well as having one at home .
 IT DOES WHAT IT IS SUPPOSE TO DO . NO PROBLEM , I RECEIVED IT IN RECORD TIME . LOVE IT AWSOME
 Ok this product works well it takes some positioning to work which is why in my opinion it is a 4 of 5 but once its in the right position it works well so if you need something like this i recommend this product
 good product that does exactly what it was intended to ... no complaints ...
 I recently purchased a MacBook and they are notorious for overheating . Once I purchased one of these , it solved my overheating issues . The bottom of my book is pleasantly warm instead of blazing hot .
 i bought this several months ago because i was one of the people who stuck things under the laptop to allow more circulation . it worked great for the first week and then i noticed that it does n't stay plugged in . so half the time it is n't on anyway , when i move my computer the cord moves and if its not in an exact spot the fans dont run.sure its great if you dont mind taping it but i recommended getting a different chill mat
 Easy to install -LRB- one cord for power -RRB- . Works as advertised . What more is there ?
 I bought this fan after a recommendation from a friend whom also used it . I must admit , when i bought this fan , it did work good at keeping my laptop cooler . Using the built-in temperature gauge , the fan was keeping my laptop about 5 degrees cooler than normal . My friend whom also had this said that games and applications ran much more smoothly while using this fan.The only problem with the fan is that it begins to wear down overtime , and when it does , it can go down hard . My friend and I both have experienced multiple problems with it over time -LRB- about a year -RRB- . These include the following : - The power USB cord can have the on/off switch come apart , although its rare . - The unit itself split in half after use by my friend , starting by splitting around the power plug and eventually spreading through . - Both of us experienced the fan creating a VERY loud whirring sound , as if the fan was spinning much too fast . The only way to stop it was to turn it on and off repeatedly and hope for the best , or touch the specific fan -LRB- right fan in my case , left fan was ok -RRB- and hope the sound stops.This is a good fan overall , but do n't expect it to hold up necessarily over time . While my fan is still usable , the loud whirring sound happens close to everytime now , making me prefer to not use it at all .
 I 've had the cooling pad for a little over two years , for use with a Dell Inspiron E1505 . It seemed to do a sufficient job at keeping my computer cool consistently . The unit and laptop would be a little bit awkward to carry together along with the cord -LRB- which I did out of laziness so I would n't have to reconnect the cooling pad -RRB- . The unit stopped working consistently about a month ago . The fans would still turn on when there was no computer on top but would usually stop once I added back the laptop .
 now i can type at the bed without burning itit works very well i love that it spins and now less tangeled wiresi find it works best on the lowest tilt especially if you are on for long periods of time just be careful it can slip if you dont have iton straight mine never came lose or fell but when moving it from table to bed just becareful ... great purchase i do reccommend
 Great item . Unlike other chill pads , this one sucks the heat from under the laptop ; which cools it much better . Downside of this product is that the replacement part of the USB seems to be discontinued . Take good care of the chill pad 's USB cord becaise it seems a little fragile if you accidentally tug the cord . Overall great item and I would recommend this since it seems to be one of a kind .
 I recently received this product as a gift . I was showing my father and he fell in love with it . So I got him it for fathers day . I love it . It keeps my laptop computer nice and cool and provides a nice stable surface to put in on too . I recommend this product .
 I was looking for a replacement for my Targus chill pad which had fans that just stopped working after 3 years . I was not sure if I should buy this one because of some of the negative reviews . I did not want a flimsy pad that will not cool my laptop . To my delight , this pad cooled better than my previous targus and it is sturdy enough for my use . I do n't carry mine around , it pretty much stays in one place . It is cheap and works great . Great bargain .
 An essential item to keep your laptop running cool while traveling . The podium coolpad is a better choice for home or office use since it tips the laptop up a little more and allows for better air curculation , but also is bigger and does n't fit as well in a laptop case .
 I bought this to cool my 12 '' PowerBook . The pad itself works well -- the weak link is the power cord . The first one had a bad connection in the plug end . After repairing it with some home soldering and electrical tape to cover the wires , it worked well enough to wait for the replacement cord from Targus . -LRB- yes , I had to scrape away the housing to find the wires -RRB- . Within two weeks , the wires into the on/off switch were falling out of the switch .
 I love my new chill pad . My Dell laptop gets extremely hot during use , but the Chill Pad completely cools the laptop .
 I 've had this item for a while now , and it works great . It is quiet and it keeps my laptop cool . I actually just bought another one as a gift , worth every penny
 This product is fantastic ! I 'm sure it will extend the life of my laptop . I encourage anyone with a laptop to purchase this chill pad .
 The Targus Chill Pad is simple and does what it is supposed to do -LRB- keep the laptop cool -RRB- effectively , all for an excellent price . The Chill Pad is highly recommended to keep the laptop battery from overheating , which will undoubtedly extend the lifetime of the computer .
 Good product . Fans definitely keep bottom of computer cooler . This is my second Chillpad . The first lasted 5 months w / heavy use .
 light , small , works great for my laptop . i totally recommend it if you have a small laptop -LRB- im sure it 'll work just fine with bigger laptops -RRB- . i love the fact that it 's usb-powered .
 the chill pad works really well if you have one of those laptops that overheat -LRB- like most dells -RRB- . however i 'm not sure about how long they last b/c my last chill pad started making weird sounds b/c hair somehow got caught in the fan and i couldnt take apart the chill pad to take the hair out . other than that the chill pad does what its supposed to do .
 i love this thing . it works great for my laptop and very useful ; you really can turn it 360 degrees .
 We have been very pleased with the Targus Notebook Chill Pad . We use our Dell laptop -LRB- 15 '' screen -RRB- quite a bit while sitting on a couch , and have been plagued by the heat it creates in our lap for several years . With this cooler , we have resolved the heat issue entirely . It makes essentially no noise , and since it plugs into a USB port for power it is so easy to use . We would recommend this product to anyone who wants to stop feeling the heat from their laptop computer .
 This is one of the best purcahses for my laptop I have made thus far . I run my laptop as a game server so it 's on day and night . I chose a laptop because of the battery it holds , I have it connected to a timer that disconnects it from the wall every X number of hours for 1 hour.Because of the way I run my laptop it was starting to get very hot and I was afraid it would over heat and fail . At times the laptop keyboard was * hot * to the touch . This pad cooled the laptop down so much . The fan is so quite too.If I had any complaint about this it would be the length and width , but I do n't even want to complain . My laptop is a widescreen and the size of the cool pad is not affecting it 's function . For what I am doing , this is exactly what I needed .
 Great product . Keeps machine MUCH cooler . It has prevented my laptop from over-heating and shutting off.It is a bit loud , but I 'm not sure there is much which can be done about this .
 This review is for the PODIUM Coolpad , which has NO FANS :-RRB- Oddly there are reviews for the Chillpad , which does have fans , mixed in here.This is a simple product that does two simple things that gives you three benefits . It lifts the back of your laptop up off of the surface it 's sitting on to a variable , selected by you , height . This allows better airflow under the laptop , which is often all that 's needed to allow the laptop to run acceptably cool . This also puts the keyboard at a slant , which for some -LRB- like me -RRB- is more comfortable for typing . The other thing it does is swivel.It 's all very basic and simple , which brings some other benefits . There 's not much too it , so it does n't take up a lot of space in your laptop bag , and the weight is minimal . Being simple , there 's not much to go wrong and mine has lasted for years , now supporting it 's third laptop.I now use this with a very large , very heavy Toshiba Qosmio , and it 's still holding up fine . The Podium comes with a support bar for large laptops that 's very helpful .
 I did not purchase this from Amazon , I purchased it from OfficeMax -LRB- I think ? -RRB- . Anyway , I got my first laptop 4 years ago , and this is the cooler I bought to go with my laptop at the time . To this day , I am still using the same Targus laptop cooler , it has n't let me down . I have waited for it to crap out , simply because my laptop is on nearly all day and all night , but nope it keeps going ! At the time I purchased this , I think I paid around $ 25 or so for it . I would have to say that I have got my moneys worth , and then some . Sometimes I do unplug it so that I can use the USB port real quick , and I can surely tell a difference on how hot my laptop gets when I have it unplugged . Once I get done with the USB port , I plug it back in , and my laptop gets cool again-perfect !
 I have the Targus Podium CoolPad with 360 Degree Rotation . This product does NOT plug into anything . It 's a silly piece of plastic that elevates the laptop back , allowing airflow underneath . It breaks down into something about the size of a notebook and a giant roll of spree candies and gets stuffed into my travel bag . It 's easy to use , it 's small and light , and it takes up no energy from my laptop -LRB- which I 've read causes the laptop to heat up even more -RRB- . I highly recommend this product -LRB- or if you feel industrious go build something similar yourself -RRB- as a great option to cooling your laptop . Ignore the 360-degree rotation option because the lap top gets a little wobbly when you rotate the base .
 I 've had my Coolpad for over 4 years and love it . It is simple and I would have given it 5 stars if there was a bit more thought in the design . But it is simple , reliable and compact .
 This is a great , low-tech and efficient accessory for a laptop . I have had one for several years & as I move from notebook to notebook , it follows along very well . Simple - no fans or batteries - it raises the laptop slightly to allow the vents to cool more efficiently . It 's also great as a means to swivel the notebook around in place without actually picking it up or otherwise moving it . This was a great buy years ago & I intend to buy another one for my husband 's new laptop . The rubber pads on the bottom help keep the notebook in place when swiveling or just typing & I would not use the laptop for any length of time without having this baby in place .
 After using this product , it is very difficult for me to type on a laptop that is flat on a surface . This podium puts the keys right where they are comfortable to use , and it is your choice where that would be . It gives room between the counter and laptop for breathing space . I highly recommend this product . Easy to use , nothing to plug in , rotates nicely and cleans up quickly when needed . Also , so easy to stick in your bag with your laptop and take along anywhere .
 I already own one Podium Coolpad and ordered a second for my new laptop . It 's a great little product that serves two purposes -- it keeps the laptop off the desk and so facilitates cooling , and if you are using it as a desktop replacement -LRB- as I do with both my laptops -RRB- , it raises the screen a few inches , giving you a more comfortable view . I use a wireless external keyboard and mouse and the Coolpad makes my setup perfect . Highly recommended .
 this cooling pad is amazing . I bought one for myself 3 years ago and it still works great . just recently bought one for my brother ... however , this cooling pad is mainly good for laptops with the hard dives in the middle . If your laptop hard drive is on the side then this cooling pad is n't exactly what you may want to invest in .
 After spending four months trying to get Dell 's tech support people to simply acknowledge that the Inspiron 600m has a problem with overheating while playing hi-end 3-D graphics games , I took a gamble and bought the Targus PA248U Tornado Notebook Chill Pad . At first , it only helped to delay the problem -- the computer still overheated while playing games like `` Warcraft III '' or `` Rise of Nations '' . The cooling fans on the chill pad were doing a good job of cooling the center of the notebook , but the back was still getting hot . I tried lifting the back on the notebook -LRB- by setting the backend of the notebook on two hi-lighters to lift it about 1/2 inch above the chill pad to improve the airflow -RRB- and that solved my problem.My notebook is a Dell Inspiron 600m with the following configuration : Pentium M 725 -LRB- 1.6 GHz , 2MB level 2 cache -RRB- 512MB DDR SDRAM -LRB- 1 Dimm -RRB- ATI MOBILITY RADEON 9000 w / 64MBWhen playing 3-D graphics games , the computer -LRB- especially the memory chip -RRB- would get very hot and the frame rate while playing the games would drop 95 % -LRB- in one game , dropping from 60fps to 1-3fps -RRB- . The computer never crashed , but it made game playing impossible . The Inspiron 600m is a thin notebook -LRB- 1.29 '' thick -RRB- , so it probably does n't allow enough airflow to adequately cool off the components when pushed to their limit by a 3-D graphics game . Thank heavens companies like Targus are making products to address this issue.Just as a note to Dell users , I talked to about a dozen different Dell tech support people over a four month period and no one would even admit to having heard about this problem . Apparently Dell has a policy of never admitting that a problem exists .
 Cut to the chase and skip all the rest - A lovely multitasking convience product.I have a 15 macbook pro and my lap was taking a lot of heat . Not to mention the funny angels you can get yourself into while reclining on your porch can be at best awkward for tying . The Coolpad has these simple lego style pieces that you build onto on another to raise your laptop in 1/2 inch increments up to 1 3/4 inches . -LRB- If you build fewer than 4 posts you can build it much higher but have fewer contacts touching you laptop -RRB- It seemed a bit silly all these lego pieces floating about , but after using them , I love it . It 's so easy to adjust , so when you are at a table vs when you are lying on your belly you can have the height you desire . I hinted at it but let me say it clear - Yes , the Coolpad lets you use your laptop on a bed.One last bonus for those of you living with children or someone prone to spilling drinks - your $ $ $ $ piece of equipment is raisied off the surface it 's on . That in itself is worth it to me!The turntable feature is aslo a win . I was afraid it would lull about freely , but you have to exert a little -LRB- just enough -RRB- to turn it . I did n't think I need this ability at first but find everytime I want to show someone my screen I intuitvly use it . Whenever I begin to take this feature for granted I see someone else picking up their laptop to turn it and as they jarringly set their laptop down I cringe and appreciate my Coolpad for the nice piece of hard drive protection it is.As for the airflow cooling aspect , well , I beat my mac with high processor programs , and yes the fan still kicks on , but I feel better knowing it has an easier time cooling off . There is no worry about the fans being blocked or struggling for air so to speak.So , * all ports are free * laptop is at your desired typing angle * you can turn your laptop about 360 * guaranteed an air buffer no matter where you set down * liquid spill protection * non slip rubber feet really hold laptop in place -LRB- I mean secure ! -RRB- I looked at every kind of portable stand for a week and finally , wearily , bought the Coolpad . I would buy it again in an instant , and will purchase several at Christmas time for all those I know who have admired , lusted and `` borrowed '' my Coolpad .
 Its a rare day when Im willing to give something 5 stars . Today is one of 'em . I have an Emachines laptop with a 15.4 '' widescreen and plenty of processing power . Meaning my laptop is about as wide as they come , and runs about as hot.Summer just came round my neck of the woods , and in my hot little house , my hot little laptop couldnt hack it . I had it on a table , and by mid afternoon , it shut down . And wouldnt restart . The top was hot to the touch , and the bottom just as bad . So I got one of these Targus Chill Mats , figuring a couple little fans would help a bit.They did more than help . Im convinced they saved the life of my laptop . My once hot-enough-to-fry-a-pie harddrive now tops out at a reasonable warm . Id say the air under my machine went from 95 to 60 . Its not cool enough to refresh a beer , but its more than cool enough to allow my machine to stay on and operational all day.At 11 3/4 '' by 9 '' its smaller than my laptop , but the feet on my machine still fit on it just fine . As I wouldnt expect Targus to make these in 3 sizes I think they chose a good route . Slightly smaller means itll fit nicely under any laptop , is more likely to fit in accessory pockets in bags -LRB- its only 1/2 '' thick -RRB- , and leaves more room for the airflow you obviously need . So I cant fault it there.Between my machines feet and the little rubber bumpers on the Mat , my machine is stable on it , and its stable on its own feet . I cant tell the difference between typing on it , or on a table . Despite the slightly smaller size.Only having one little cable -LRB- which I keep bundled and twist-tied to the shortest length possible -RRB- running between the two is totally unobtrusive and easy to deal with . And dont even think about the sound . I honestly didnt even realise it was on at first.The best $ 30 Ive spent on my computer in a long time . And spending that now sure saves the cost of replacing burnt out parts.That was all written over two years ago . Here 's an update : After near constant use , my Targus died . It starting making lots of noise . And after careful deconstruction and dedusting , it was still noisy . So I replaced it -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Instead of receiving Targus PA248U , I was sent Targus AWE12US -LRB- looks exactly the same , but without the USB hub -RRB- instead . The AWE12US fan , while strong , is annoyingly loud . I owned a Targus PA248U for three years before it died , and wish Amazon would have sent me the exact replacement I had ordered , instead of `` upgrading '' the item.i 'm giving this item 5 stars , based on my first purchase , and the AWE12US 1 star .
 I had been using this for many years before I discovered the Allsop Metal Art Laptop Stand . The CoolPad is great . The swivel feature is handy . It comes with several little plastic risers with rubber tips . This allows me to adjust the elevation . The rubber tips keep the laptop from slipping.When I upgraded to a larger laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 9400 -RRB- , the CoolPad was a bit too small . The little bar does n't help that much.I tried several products until I discovered the Allsop . The CoolPad is still a great product and probably better for smaller laptops . It 's also more portable . I used to take it with me everywhere.Both are good at keeping the laptop cooler . This is supposed to greatly increase battery life .
 I used a freeware system monitor utility to see if this thing actually brought down HDD , CPU , and GPU temperatures . Low and behold , it actually did reduce them all by 2 to 5 degrees or more depending on the load of the computer.I also used this little guy to sit underneath my Xbox360 - a device known to produce extreme temperatures . I ca n't make an objective assessment of this technique , but the cooling is clearly much better than when the xbox is sitting on the carpet . Based on the results from my laptop test , this definitely gives me peace of mind when running the Xbox for Xtended periods of time .
 I have had this since January 2008 . It has done a very decent job of helping to cool my Dell 1525 laptop.Which does a decent enough job on its own i must admit . Yes the picture is different and it is made of plastic . If you are a busines user I do not know if this will help , but for Home use on a normal scale , I would say this product helps to keep the Laptop cool.P.S My brother has an HP Laptop and is a Journalist . he uses his laptop a lot . His Laptop Fan does not do a good job at all of keeping cool . This Product has helped tremendously.Also Best Buy are selling this for $ 31 .
 I would like to start off by saying that I am very pleased with this product , it 's very light , keeps my computer cool , and does n't need to be plugged into the wall . The Chill Pad sits comfortably on your lap , or on your desk . I have a 17 '' laptop and it sits fine on the chill pad , to sit perfectly fine it would have to be about 2 inches wider , but it does a superb job keeping it cool with its current size .
 I purchased this one , as oppose to the other 4 or so popular ones because it was on sale , currently , it is listed at $ 25 , it is not worth that much.I have a cheap dell , so it overheats and this cooler does a good job at keeping it cool . It 's not the most powerful thing in the world , but it gets the job done , unless your laptop major overheats . My laptop fan is directly over one of the cooler 's fan , so it worked out well for me , but it might not for other people since its focus point is whats pictured.Pro : It is a closed backside , meaning you can keep it on your desk or put it on your lap . I keep it on almost all the time - sometimes even at night when I 'm sleeping and I do n't hear any noise at all , 6 feet away.Con : The usb cable is too long . Its hard to clean since you have to reach from the back to the middle , or the top in - but who really cleans them ? The plastic and 4 black button thingy on the back -LRB- it actually fell off , but you do n't really need it -RRB- is cheap . After about nine months of use , the cord part starts to get silly - I have to bend it in a certain way for it to work - with the help of a rubber band .
 The Targus Chill Pad helps keep your lap and laptop cool . I got an upgraded version , its a bit sleeker and looks better . The cord is long enough to easily reach any USB port on my laptop . There is also an on-off button next to the cord on the pad . My version also has vents on the sides to let air come in even when you have the main vents on the bottom blocked with your lap . A very good product , I am happy with it . = -RRB-
 This is the second chillpad that I have purchased . I work at home 8 - 10 hours a day and this is a MUST HAVE if you spend that kind of time on a laptop . The first Targus chillpad I purchased lasted for three years almost 24/7/365 . Quality product and extends the life of your laptop because it wo n't overheat .
 this cooler stoped my computer from overheating , , , if you take care of if it will last you longer , , , just dont turn off the fans at all because the on/off switch seems to break easly , , , , , im happy with mine , , ,
 The product works as advertised . The order was shipped promptly . Great service .
 My son recommended this product to me because my laptop was always getting hot and shutting off while I was using it . Since I have been using the Chill Pad , it has not turned off once . I only wish I had looked at the dimensions , because it is a little bit smaller than my laptop , and there is a bigger one available .
 i had very good service i like the unit only wish it had a usb extra hub to plug other add ons but for the price does keep laptop cooler .
 I recently purhase the Targus PA248U Tornado Notebook Chill Pad . And I am very happy with it so far . Before purchasing the chill pad my notebook would run extremity hot . Now I do n't play that many games on my notebook . But I do watch a lot of movies on it . Before useing the chill pad my movie watching was very limited to one maybe two movies at a time than my notebook would become to hot to use . But with the chill pad I seem to be able to watch one movie after another with no problem . And I 'm sure the chill pad would work the same for people who play a lot of games as well . The construction of the pad is good . The wiring on the latest model . Is a lot better than on the older one . There 's also a model that comes with UBS ports on it . In conclusion the Targus Chill Pad is a good inexpensive way to keep your notebook cool and in good working order
 I have had my Gateway 400 laptop for over three years and it 's still kicking . However , one annoying feature about Gateway 400 's is that they have a very loud cooling fan . In fact , my friends joke around that my laptop runs off diesel because the fan is so loud.I got the Targus PA248U yesterday and was amazed at how well it worked . I use my laptop for about 10 hours a day , and the loud `` diesel '' fan has only come on once!I ca n't speak for how it works on other laptops , but it is great for the Gateway 400 .
 I saw this item in several stores , and resisted buying . Then I found it on amazon for cheaper than in the stores , and got it . I am so glad I did . I 've had my iBook sitting on this thing for several hours now , and only one corner is even SLIGHTLY warm , whereas if it was in my lap , the whole bottom would be very hot . It is whisper quiet , and does its job very well.If you have a laptop , but this now .
 I just thought I 'd add my 2 cents here because it seems like this item has gotten it 's fair share of bad reviews . I 've got a really bad back so I spend a lot of my time on the couch lying down and my notebook would get so hot from my clothing or blankets . Since I got my Chill Pad my notebook has never overheated and it has managed to survive through 2 notebooks . I 've never had a problem with it all , and I 've owned it for about 3 years now.I bought one for my friend a year ago and she has managed to break the power cord twice , so I 'll agree with the bad design there . I 've found that by tying up the cord -LRB- I use a velcro cable tie -RRB- it does n't get yanked out and stays out of the way . I 've suggested that she do the same next time around . To be honest , I think the on/off switch could be removed since the pad powers off when the laptop is turned off.All in all , I think this is a pretty decent product for cooling down your notebook and it 's well worth the money .
 I have a Toshiba A75-S211 -LRB- 3.2 GHz , 512 MB ram , ATI Radeon 9000 w / 64 MB -RRB- . I have had problems with it getting hot since I got it back in January . Once the fan actually burned out so I had to have it sent off . I wanted to buy a chillpad with a fan so I would n't have to worry about it anymore . I accidentally bought this one , but I could n't be happier . This is lightweight so I carry it in my notebook bag all the time , it swivels , and it keeps my notebook cool . Two thumbs up from me . Plus ... it 's cheap !
 My laptop does n't overheat and malfunction ; it 's just too warm to comfortably use on my lap for extended periods while it 's plugged in . When running on battery power , it 's a little cooler , but still uncomfortable.I took a gamble that this would help , and it paid off . This thing not only keeps my lap from overheating , but keeps it cool . `` Chill Pad '' is n't much of an exageration as a name for this nice device.The Chill Pad is a little small for my rather large notebook -LRB- a Dell Lattitude D800 -RRB- , but it still works fine . It 's very light weight and thin . I would n't think twice about extra weight or space when carrying it around with my laptop . It 's also very quiet . In a quiet room , I can hardly hear it , and it 's no louder than the laptop fan -LRB- which seems to run a lot less when the Chill Pad is under it -RRB- . It a room with any background or white noise , forget it ; you 'll never hear it.The fans draw in air from the top -LRB- between the pad and the laptop -RRB- , and exhaust out the back of the Chill Pad , towards the knees . It moves enough air , though , that it 's not even warm on my knees.The only suggestions I would have to make this slightly better , would be to make the usb/power cord shorter . Would anyone ever really need it to be 3 feet long ? The extra cord is just in the way , even if you have it bundled up -- which of course , I do . There 's also a power switch on the cord . Seems kind of dumb to have a switch on there at all . Why would you not want this thing on , if it 's plugged in ? And if you did want it off , it would certainly be quicker and easier to unplug the cord -LRB- from the usb port on the laptop , or the power-in connector on the Chill Pad -RRB- than to fumble around trying to find and manipulate the tiny switch on the cord.But that 's a pretty small complaint for a useful device that exceeded all my expectations on it 's primary function . It keeps my laptop -LRB- and my lap top -RRB- cool .
 i have a dell inspiron whose cooling system is junk . i got this pad abt a month ago , it really keeps it cool . it makes little noise which sometimes become annoying . rest it does its job
 I live in El Salvador . I just bought an Averatec 3220 laptop and this chill pad . Hey ! They are just the same size -LRB- 12.1 '' screen laptop -RRB- and even though i work without A/C , the double fans keeps the laptop as cool as if I have just turned it on ! And remember i live in the tropics ! I certainly recomend it . Yes , it could be faster but the fans would make a lot more noise and drain more power .
 It 's quiet , inexpensive and totally worth it . My tablet lap top was over heating all the time and freezing-up as a result , now it is cool to the touch after hours of use , amazing !
 Like this product for several reasons : - Lightweight . I carry it to work every day and while traveling . - Compact . Easy to carry whether on travel or not . - Great swivel feature . Great when sharing the screen with the person next to you . - Good for ergonomics . Without it , I find myself shifting my hands to an awkward position or I end up shifting the laptop . Now I just nudge it left or right .
 Very quiet , light , and slim . The only issue I have is that it is a bit small for a 15 inch laptop . Other then that it works great .
 I 'm disabled so I 'm on my laptop in bed most of the day & night . I was so tried of the laptop getting hot on the bottom . This laptop cooler really is working well for me . It 's been a great blessing for my lap . I have never owned a different one so I have no way to compare it . I hear no sound when I turn it on . It seems to work great .
 As a college student , I find it necessary to keep my laptop on for days on end . It would sit on top of a plastic blotter and , within the span of a few weeks , the heat coming from the laptop warped the plastic . Within SECONDS of placing this product under my laptop , the computer stopped spewing heat and the chassis cooled down.Overall , an excellent buy . Worth it 's weight in gold .
 I bought this item for my daughter who just purchased a computer - she really likes it especially that it swivels .
 I was reading the `` advice '' to use a muffin pan for your laptop . Well , I think people have used stuff like that , I 've used an empty box for when I put my laptop on a cloth covered surface -LRB- like my bed -RRB- , but I mean c'mon , that gets old after awhile . I 'm not going to travel around with muffin pans , not gon na do it , not that CHEAP ! LOL .
 Thanks for having it in stock and your prompt delivery . I was concerned about the news recently about all the trouble with battery fires , now that concern is covered .
 My MacBook has n't really gotten hot yet with my new Chill Pad .
 This is the only laptop cooler I 've tried . It does seem to be helping , but it 's not the dramatic result I was looking for.My laptops been on for an hour surfing the web and it 's hot enough that I 'm ready to turn it off and let it have a break already.That said , for the price it was worth it .
 Targus Chill Mat is simply two fans in a slim box . Product is more cheaply made than I thought but it does exactly what they say it does and it really works . I bought it after my company 's recommendation of it to keep my laptop cool .
 I 've got a powerbook and this keeps it at an elevation that is very comfortable for my hands and shoulders . . at the same time . . I can rotate the platform freely so as to adjust my angle of view or to share the screen with others . It keeps my computer very cool and allows for almost the entire bottom of the laptop to be exposed to air so that air-flow limits how hot your computer gets.highly recommended ... it travels easy since it dis-assembles like LEGO pieces and is a great -LRB- cheap -RRB- alternative to many of the ergonomic elevators or cooling pads out there.IT 'S GREAT !!
 With so many people choosing to buy laptops computers today , we often hear overheating that causes these computers to burn out , and the batteries to catch on fire . That can all change with the flick of the switch . Targus has made that all possible with the Tornado Notebook Chill Pad . This is a convient pad that you place below your laptop , and it cools down the heat that comes from operating and typing on your laptop . The mat is also powered by simply plugging in your pad through the USB ports , and just simply flicking the switch on . It works like a charm , and without any external power from an A.C. Adapter . I definitely recommened this for anybody who owns , or wants to buy a laptop computer.Price
 Yes , the cord is too long . yes I 've hooked it a few times and almost put my notebook on the floor . BUT , it makes my Ferrari 4006 - that previously could be used as a hair dryer or popcorn popper after only a few minutes - totally cool both to the touch and out the vent.If you have a 15.4 widescreen like the Ferrari -LRB- exact same chassis as the travelmate and new macbook but the ferrari 's AMD64 runs way way hotter then either the solo or duo intels , way better chip has it 's cost -RRB- do n't worry it is fine , the puter is wider but it 's held securely by the rubber pins.Major TRUE & NOTICEABLE difference over just having a non-fanned air-venting `` lap desk '' . Originally I was only using this when at home but now it goes in the case with the puter and I use it at every table.Look , it 's cheap enough to buy a couple -LRB- about half the price of one good thick computer book , right ? -RRB- . Everything breaks , this is worth having a spare and living with a 6 month individual lifespan .
 I bought this after my laptop overheated 4 times during some games that used intense graphics . So far no more problems . It allows heat from the bottom of the computer to diffuse into the air . It also inclines the keyboard for more comfortable typing . The cons
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT !!! Why spend all that money on a product with fans , when this product does the job that it is intended for . My laptop does not get hot now with this product .
 Inexpensive , lightweight , and really cools down my laptop ! The one I bought from Best Buy did n't last for more than a month -LRB- the fan just stopped working for some reason -RRB- . However , the one that I got from Amazon works perfectly !
 Laptops get hot , sometimes , very hot indeed . Mine is no exception . So I bought this little gizmo to help reduce the problem and save my laptop from the excessive stress that heat was causing.It does the job.I 'm a happy camper with a cooler laptop . And I 'm grateful that it runs off the laptop itself , so I do n't have to go hunting for a free outlet to plug it in.Perfect ? No . There is still some heat accumulation , but compared to the heat before I began using it , it 's minimal . Reduced heat has to be extending the life of my machine.If you have a laptop that heats up , consider using a chill pad . I 'm glad I did -LRB- and do -RRB- .
 I bought the Chill Pad as I was tired with my old Dell laptop overheating . The Chill pad is surprisingly light and fits nicely on the lap . The fans work fine and my new HP pavilion has not over-heated yet .
 Light weight and easy to use . There are no cables or fans to deal with . I can work with my notebook computer in my lap for hours without my notebook or lap getting too hot . Great price , terrific product !
 I found this product to exceed expectations . It keeps my laptop cool and the fans are extremely quiet . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I recently ordered 44 cooling pads from AMAZON.COM in 2 separate orders 20 and 24 . I do not have any issues with product itself ; nonetheless , the packaging was not good . All cooling pads in the first order were removed from their original box and made it easier for them to break during shipping and extremely difficult for me to reship them . That was my only concern . Overall , i am very satisfied with the product and i will order more of this product . Amazon is excellent in term of security an protection -LRB- sellers vs buyers -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- Targus PA248U Notebook Chill Pad
 It works as good as a pricey pad it shares the same set back as all of them with the faluty cords that like to short out but iv not own a pad that did not have that issue . great buy tho
 I had this product for about three years and one day decided to try to clean it . I broke it trying to clean it , it was my fault and my current fan simply is not as good.I have an original MacBook and they have a known tendency to run hot so my friend and I bought this product . This product noticeably lowered my computer temperature , that I check by using the iStat widget . The dual fan is also great because if one breaks or is n't running as well as the other , you still get some cooling . The general design and lift also keep the computer a little cooler , by allowing airflow.They were out of stock or not shipping from Amazon when I got my new one , but hindsight being 20-20 , I would have paid the extra 3 dollars to get this product instead .
 Ive had this cooling pad for a few weeks now and have used it for numerous hours and i have n't had one bit of problem out of it . It puts out a lot of air and is n't loud at all . Its very simple . Sit your laptop on top of cooling pad , plug cord into USB port and push the on button and your set to go . No complaints at all . Before purchasing this cooling pad i purchased the Targus Laptop Chill Pad - PA248Y01U and it was the cheapest made thing i had ever seen and it did n't even work !!! I bought it and plugged it in and the cord or the cooling pad itself had a short of some sort in it and it you had to move the cord constantly to get it to work until finally it just stopped working , it got returned after the first day . When it did work it hardly put out any air at all . I then purchased this one and im very satisfied .
 This light weight notebook chill pad keeps my lap top cool and is quiet while it 's doing it . I added a usb extension port so I can plug this and a usb wifi hook up in at the same time . Very pleased .
 I got my first laptop this year and within a month had to have 3 major parts replaced due to over heating . So , I got the Chill Pad and from day 1 it has worked . I can feel no raised temp from under or above the pad . The only thing that keeps me from giving this a 5 star is that the fan has gone out after less then a month . Targus covers the pad with a 1 year warrenty and are replacing it totally.Targus PA248U Notebook Chill Pad
 For my dell vostro -LRB- core 2 duo 2.20 Ghz -RRB- , it brings down idle cpu temperature to 22C from 28C and high activity temperature to 45C from 54C . Runs quietly.on / off switch.no extra usb ports .
 The Targus Podium Coolpad is not flashy . In fact , I hardly see it at all since it sits under my Macbook Pro . With it 's lego-like blocks simple is sometimes better . There is a noticeable difference in the heat being put out from my notebook . The swivel base is helpful to share views with neighbors or for visibility from different desk angles . Overall , this small , unassuming coolpad seems to be worth the money put in to have a little piece of mind and a lot less heat .
 I purchased the Chill Pad after seeing my brother-in-law use it . I use it with my MacBook Pro . MacBook Pro 's tend to get pretty hot on the left side , but the Chill Pad keeps it probably 15 degrees cooler , making it much more comfortable to work on . I 'm very , very pleased with it . My only gripe would be that it is kind of noisy , but since I usually have music playing while I work , it really is n't that noticeable .
 I was looking for this product in some other stores and Amazon just have the lowest price to offer . Aside from that the product really sets my laptop real cool . It does n't have to suffer those long hot session during surfing . . It 's a great deal and the shipping of Amazon is really fast .
 I do not own either a Targus Podium Coolpad or a Targus Chillpad.Reviews -LRB- mostly negative -RRB- of the Targus Chillpad are showing up under the Targus Podium Coolpad.The Podium Coolpad is a fanless solution that helps cool the laptop simply by raising it up in back -LRB- and a little in front -RRB- , and also provides a swivel function . Height is adjusted using Lego-like stacking column pieces -LRB- which can go missing all too easily , according to * actual * reviews of the Podium Coolpad -RRB- . The Chillpad uses fans powered by the laptop through its USB connection . According to reviews you can read here , it has a lot of problems with power switches and fans failing.Until the review assignment error gets resolved , if you read a complaint about a switch or a fan or a USB port -- it 's about the Chillpad , * not * the Podium Coolpad !
 this notebook cooler has been most helpful in the hot weather when you are working on you notebook and you have to have it on your lap . it keeps your lap cool as well as the notebook and very moderately priced . i love it .
 My notebook is happy to chill on this pad . . the product works well at keeping the computer cool enough so that the cpu cooling fan itself does n't even need to run , 90 % + of the time . On the more rare occassions that I 'm not jammin to music or there 's other miscellaneous background noise , peace & quiet time basically , the fans in the pad are audibly noticeable . The pad fans ' sound/noise is minimal though . Using the product several hours almost daily for about 2 months and it 's running great . With the wear and tear I know it will incur going forward , I 'll be satisfied if it runs effectively for 2 years . Indications so far seem that to be a reasonable expectation , at which time I 'll update my rating to 5 stars . Cheers !
 This product , so far , is working really well . I love the pivot feature , which I did n't think I 'd really make use of , but now I use it all the time ! I 've only had it a few weeks , but I do like the new angle of my keyboard and the added height . I think it does alleviate some pressure on my wrists , but I guess only time will tell . It 's nice and small , so it 's very portable when I bring it to all the different offices I work at . A great , simple to use product , and a very fair price .
 I own two of these . One I use with my home laptop and one I take on the road . It weighs very little , holds the computer at a comfortable working angle and provides better air circulation so the fan comes on very infrequently . Once I found the best working height I glued the little building blocks down and together so they do n't get lost .
 The chill pad works great and I 'm very happy with it . My only criticism is that it is a little small for my laptop .
 There seem to be different products pictured on this page . I have the silver Targus PA248U . It does not swivel . I am using it with a 17 '' HP and it is very stable . The computer hangs over the sides about 1 1/4 '' front and back and 1 3/4 '' on both sides . The computer does not slide and the cool pad does not slide . It has been keeping the computer much cooler and it is very silent . I did see a comment about the connector on the cord and can see where it could get damaged . Use a little care that it is turned so it does not get pinched and it should be fine .
 This is a great product for notebook owners . It allows for comfortable typing , swivel abilities and gets air under your notebook . The product is easy to carry and there are adjustable rubber molds for proper height placement . A highly recommended product .
 I used to be one of those frustrated guys whose Toshiba notebook would overheat and power off . While Toshiba denies it , the cooling system just could n't keep up with the heat the processor produced . Someone suggested that instead of using compressed air to blow the lint that collected in the fan to use a vacuum to suck the stuff out . But even then , it still overheated . But then I discovered this Targus Chill Pad . What a difference ! My computer has n't powered down once using it !!! I was afraid that it was be too loud -LRB- whirring fans and all -RRB- but honestly , it is so silent . And it 's so light it can be carried anywher . For anyone whose laptop powers down , I recommend it highly !
 I gave this as a gift because my boyfriend is always saying how hot his legs get with his laptop . What he really enjoyed about the coolpad was the swivvle feature and the angle it puts the computer on . He could n't be more happy with it . so , it had more delight then originally anticipated . The shipment arrived on time like it was predicted and there was nothing that went wrong . I was very pleased
 Excellent product . I was having trouble with the fan running constantly in my laptop . Since the purchase of this Chill Pad it has n't come on once ! Plus , it 's light and fits right in the bag with the laptop . Recommend it to all !
 I like the product . It helps with the heat if you have your computer on your lap . It is very lightweight and easy to carry around . The only thing I was dissappointed with is it does n't cool off the computer as much as I would have liked . But it does elevate your computer some and keeps it off of sensitive surfaces .
 This is the third Coolpad I 've owned and I really like it . I own a 17 '' MacBook Pro and the Coolpad works fine on this redesigned version sporting an added wider riser for larger laptops . You get the added benefit that the columns snap together like Legos .
 This product is wonderful . It keeps my little netbook nice and cool . I love it . It 's easy to use . I would recommend disconnecting the wire from both unit and computer when storing it or putting it in your laptop bag . It 's not meant for rough handling . Take care of your chill pad and it will take care of your laptop !
 Although its a bit pricey , its a really good product . You can change the height depending on how much space you need your laptop to have from the surface . It helps so much with the ventilation process .
 This Chill Pad currently being sent out is not the curved one in the photo . It is the rectangular one pictured above . I thought I was getting the curvy-sided one , but the rectangular one arrived.It works just fine for me . I was a little dismayed by the noise it makes , but I got used to it quickly . It is like having another computer on nearby or something , noise-wise . It cools off my Dell laptop quite well . No problems to report !
 I was skepticial at first . But once i started using it I was amazed . Beyond Amazed . My typing has improved , and it swivels which makes it handy for when I feel like putting my feet up . The only downfall is there is an odd number of little pegs , but i just use the bar .
 I have an HP ZD7000 notebook , which is really a desktop replacement . It has a wide screen and powerful processor . These are all great features but the drawback is that it gives off so much heat that I ca n't put it on my lap for too long . Because it was hot on just one side , I would have to place it unevenly on my lap , and putting it in constant danger of toppling off my lap.Then I discovered the Chill Pad . It really does keep the notebook cooler , and I can keep it on my lap . The limiting factor is the notebook 's weight that keeps me from keeping it on my lap for too long.Be careful when reading the reviews . Unfortunately , the reviews include reviews for different products , which are n't as effective as the Chill Pad apparently.I 'm all about using accessories to enhance my gadget . This is the one accessory I use all the time .
 I before I got this product my HP laptop got so hot on its bottom that I could n't touch it for more than five seconds ! After buying it , my computer is nice and cool , even after long use on my lap . Using it is also extremely easy . It plugs into the USB port and takes very little energy from your computer so you can use it even on battery . It also comes with an on/off button so you can control its use . My suggestion
 This Podium Coolpad is made by Road Tools , who supply Targus . This Podium Coolpad is great for lifting up the laptop for better viewing , especially when you are using a laptop all day long . It is made of heavy duty plastic . I had the coolpad for one day , and it is comfortable to use . It seems to be much better than the smaller original coolpad -- it has a wider surface and it allows for more elevation . ...
 I bought this the other day , because I was concerned about how hot my laptop was getting , particularly during long sessions . With the exhaust fan on the bottom , there really was not good air circulation.I was delighted by how well this worked . My computer went from being noticeably warm , hot underneath , after about 20 minutes of use , to being _ cold _ after even after several hours of use.This is a flat plastic box , with two small fans , which runs plugs into your laptop 's USB port for power . The fans are completely silent . It is easy enough to carry around - it fits in my computer bag , lying under right alongside the computer.One note - this is almost the exact size and shape of the footprint of my relatively small Averatec laptop . It may not be large enough to support a larger laptop as comfortably , although the cooling properties should still work fine.Note
 Let me start by saying that I have the Targus USB chillpad with a powered 4 port hub built into the chillpad . This seems to be slightly different than the product described here but the basics are exactly the same -LRB- with exception of the USB hub built into mine -RRB- . That said , I have been using the Targus chillpad for about a year now and I must say that it works really well but unfortunatley I can not vouch for its effectiveness in keeping my laptop cool . I use a program called Everest to monitor the temperature of my latop and there is really no difference between the temperature with the chillpad on or the chillpad off . The laptop is noticeably cooler to touch on the underside but the fans still kick on all the time and the temperature readings are still the same . I give this 4 stars because the product is well designed and works well but because there is no measurable difference in internal temperature I can not give it 5 stars . It might work better for you if you constantly use your laptop on a bed or similar surface or if you actually use it on your lap . *** Plus points of the chillpad include
 If you own a mac laptop and looking for something to keep your machine cool when it 's on the desk , while making it easier on your wrists , the look no further.I was looking long and hard for a simple yet elegant device to just keep my laptop cool -LRB- as in not warm -RRB- . I really did n't care about ergonomics as much since the stand I was already using was so bad that anything could be an improvement . Here 's what makes this device a standout :1 -RRB- The most important thing about this device is that it keeps the underside of your machine cool by not having any part of it touch your machine and allowing plenty of air to flow underneath . And it does it in style . This device perfectly matches the ibook colouring and blends well w / a powerbook .2 -RRB- Simple device which just consists of a platform with stackable `` lego '' like stands that have rubber tips to keep your machine stable . It 's light and can easily be packed away . It keeps your machine right where it is-no slipping.now for the whammy -LRB- this is what totally bought me on this device -RRB- 3 -RRB- it has this swivel feature that allows you to turn your machine around 360 degrees without lifting it . It seems like not a big deal but they do it so well that you will find much use . It 's not loose to turn and in fact resists in such a way that you will not accidentally move it . I originally wasnt looking for this feature but considering all the other things -LRB- and the fact that it is so bloody cheap compared to all the other brands -RRB- I consider this a bargain . Some people will like the travel version but I dont know anything about that.All and all this machine is definitly 5 stars . Do n't consider anything else . Buy this . You wont be sorry .
 Good price and fast shipping . But , the fan noise may lull you to sleep if you enjoy the white noise . I ca n't realy complain for the price was nice and the product does do what it was intended to do , and I do like that it has a USB connection and you do n't have to plug it into a wall outlet .
 My Dell Latitude gets very hard workouts every day and runs hot most of the time . The internal fan just does n't work adequately . The Targus fan made all the difference . Runs cool and operation of laptop has actually improved . A slightly bit noisy but not problemmatical . Next generation they should quiet them down a bit . Well worth it and highly recommended and you ca n't beat the price .
 I 've got two dual core laptops at home that I remotely run virtual images on and they tend to get rather hot with the lids closed . Putting a Chill Pad under each laptop keeps both of them much cooler . I do n't hear the internal fan in the laptops firing up anywhere near as much . I did have to turn the Chill Pad sideways for one of the laptops to align the fan vents with the laptop heat vents but it works fine in that configuration . If I pick the laptop up and put it back on the Chill Pad the fan inside may start to spin off balance . You have to turn it off and then spin it back up . Overall a great deal for heat venting needs .
 Great item to ensure my laptop remains cool all the time . I purchased 4 and gave them to my kids along with their laptops .
 I have a Dell inspiron 6000 that gets really really really hot ... to where I fell almost like I 'm getting burned . Enter Chill pad.I can feel the air being sucked in , and I can put my laptop back on my lap ; -RRB- Pros
 Had this product for 3yrs before it finally quit on me . I just replace it with the Zalman NoteBook Cooler.Notebook Cooler Black
 This pad is light , quiet , and the plug is sturdy . I have owned others and the plugs were flimsy and easily short out over time with limited use . The pad is quite and light , I travel with it often . I def . notice a temperature diff . when it is used .
 I have a 17 '' laptop and for anyone who has tried to buy a chill pad for a 17 '' laptop , it is difficult to find one that really works well . Well , I am happy to report that this one cools my laptop so efficiently , that my laptop fan does n't even run when the chill pad is on which was my goal in finding a chill pad.Targus PA248U Notebook Chill Pad
 ive had this product for almost a year now and ive had no problems until i accidently dropped it . i would definitely buy a new a one since that was obvioulsy my fault . i do suggest you clean it once in ahiwl with a gas duster to prevent dust from collecting .
 This product works great when using your laptop as a true laptop . My laptop would get so hot that it was uncomfortable to hold on your lap . The chill pad works great to keep the laptop from overheating .
 Excellent Product , Very pleased , Vendor A + + I feel I got what I paid for , it was cheap and does its job of keeping my notebook cool.Im glad I made the purchase
 It is an effective unit that keeps one 's lap and the laptop cool . It is a bit small for 17 '' laptops if you are sitting on a bed or a coach , but otherwise , it is a very useful unit . The fan noise is minimal and since it works off of the USB port , it automatically shuts off when one closes the laptop lid .
 The Targus chill pad is very nice . It 's really easy to use and protects my computer from overheating during periods of extended use . It has to be plugged in to operate though so do n't freak out if it is n't functioning off the battery . The pad is necessary for using your laptop on your lap so its not bad price to pay . The manufacturer 's warranty does cover the product from defects for some time if it does n't work .
 We have two laptops in our household and they both have problems with overheating sometimes -LRB- 1 Mac & 1 PC -RRB- . We switch it out between both machines and it seems to do its job well . The results are so good that we 're considering buying a second one .
 I bought the Targus for my husband . We had noticed that the laptop had deteriorated the table top that it sits on but did n't know what would work . I got the listing for this fan off the HP website and we are so happy . At first he did n't think it would work , and it came with no directions inside . All you do is sit it down , plug it into a USB port and set the switch on . It has been cool since . It is quiet and hidden . Great product !
 Exactly what I was looking for . It cools my 15-inch Macbook Pro just fine . It 's pretty quiet , my laptop fan is louder . It 's not attractive but does what it 's supposed to do . Have n't had any problems with it yet . I 'd recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this item and first thing I notice is how long the usb cable is . It gets in the way when I try to also plug the power for the laptop . The second thing I notice is that it is louder than the laptop fan at its loudest . It does help cool down my graphic card , hard drive , and the whole bottom part of my laptop . I notice that the plastic have a cheap feel to it and would crack easily if not handled properly . Overall , it was worth the money I paid for it to cool my laptop off .
 It not often that you but a product that is `` As Advertised '' . This chill pad is an exception . The 2 fans are quiet , the additional 3 USB ports are a blessing and the card reader is a great added benefit . The best part is that it all works well . My PowerBook tends to get very hot , however this chill pad manages to to get the heat down to just warm . As with all products there is always something that we do n't like . And the one thing that I do n't like about this chill pad is that the power cord plugs into the side towards the front . I wish they had put it in the back of the pad as the did with the USB Laptop to chill pad connection .
 Very light , therefore portable . I guess it is true that you get what you pay for - no frills , does the trick but is rather loud . Add that to the noise generated by my laptop 's internal fan , and you 've got yourself a white noise maker ! I 've been planning to get a higher quality fan-dock once it breaks but it has already been a year ! Not sure if that 's good or bad .
 People , This is not the Targus laptop chill pad with fans . This is the simple podium pad which lifts the back of your laptop up as high as you stack the lego pieces . You decide what angle you want to type on . It is great for cooling and wrist ergonomics . As mentioned it also swivels due to the pivot in the center of the bottom plate . I 've been using one at work and home for five years . The last picture in the description is wrong - not the same unit .
 My wife 's laptop suffers from slow performance after a few hours of continuous operation , since the fan points down -LRB- not a very smart design -RRB- . But after lifting the computer up with this cooling pad , the problem has been resolved . My own laptop uses this cooling pad to stay cool , and it has been performing like a champ for the past 4 years . In my opinion , this simply cooling pad is all that a laptop needs . The more fancy ones with built-in fans are just redundant , prone to failure , and eats up power . Anyhow , if you are looking for a cooling pad , look no further , this is the one to get . This pad is also thin enough to throw into your computer bag or luggage and carry with you on the road . I take mine everywhere I go .
 This chill pad keeps my laptop running smoothly and it does n't heat up like it would when just sitting on the desktop or on my lap . These are invaluable and inexpensive . Thank you for bringing be a good deal .
 This product was smaller than I thought it would be , but it seems to work fairly well - definitely keeps my computer cooler !!
 I love this thing - I bought the travel version , and it fits in my bookbag perfectly . It works on my desk , lap , bed , anywhere . The swivel feature makes it easy to turn your laptop if you need a different angle , and the rubber feet on the top and bottom keep your laptop from slipping , and keep the CoolPad from moving around on the desk.Ever since I bought this , I 've noticed an improvement in battery performance -LRB- since the fans do n't run as hard -RRB- , as well as general performance . Very much worth it !
 My notebook pc runs very hot and was too uncomfortable to keep on my lap while using . By using the Tornado Chill Pad with my laptop , the PC stays TOTALLY cool . There is n't a hint of warmth . I think it will entend the life of the PC by keeping the hard drive from overheating .
 I bought this a few months ago and have no issues thus far . It works pretty well on my Toshiba 15 '' and keeps relatively cool to the touch , however the pad is smaller than the computer itself . I bought this model over the powered model with the four USB ports , 1 -RRB- because this was cheaper , and 2 -RRB- I do n't want to carry another power cord . There is no need to run this thing all the time only when you are using the computer for extended periods of time . Did I mention that the unit is super quiet , ca n't tell if it is running or not . My only gripes are 1 -RRB- It is cheap plastic , I wonder how long this thing will last , and 2 -RRB- Craftsmanship , this unit has the potential to fall apart so I took some gorilla glue to the seams , and lastly the small size , my laptop easily engulfs the unit.One note
 You can have the keyboard of ur laptop in a nice height , and it makes the hot air flow , but the begining part of the podium makes the air of the end of the keyboard dosent flow ... but perfect for my Hp Dv6000t
 exact product at an affordable price w a smooth transaction
 Are you tired of trying to type on a flat set of keys ? Does your laptop get so hot underneath , you are sure it is gon na fry ? Well , this gizmo is the item for you . Your keys are now angled to a more comfortable position . The air is able to circulate keeping your computer cooler and the palms of your hands resting on it while typing.A great and simple item with purpose .
 The chillmat cools the laptop great . However I have had mine since 4/2006 and the cord to the USB is already shorting out on it . Which is what made me give it 2 stars.If Targus would make the cord hold up better then I would have gave it a higher rating . Now I have to wait to hear from Targus CS to see if they will replace my cord . * Edit * After writing this I had to raise the rating for this . Targus sent a new cord and it 's now 9/22/11 and I still have my chillmat and the replacement cord .
 I use a 15 inch G4 MacBook Pro 4 to 5 times a week for about 6-7 hours a day straight . At my job , if my labtop freezes or overheats and shuts down , I 'm royally screwed . Before using this coolpad , the bottom surface of my labtop would heat up to the point where it would practically burn my fingers by the end of the day . I also noticed that files would take longer to upload and the mouse arrow would freeze occasionally due to the hardware overheating.After using the coolpad , I noticed a significant difference with my labtops performance . It 's not a life changing difference but every little bit helps . My computer never freezes or stalls when uploading files and when I touch the bottom of my labtop at the end of the day , its more luke warm than boiling hot . Without a doubt , the best thing about this pad has to be it 's slender design and easy storage . It fits perfectly in my carry-on bag and has detable parts which make it easier to store.I must admit that the price is a slight bit high for a cooling pad . In my line of work , it 's definitely worth it though . And like I said ... every little bit helps .
 You ca n't go wrong with with CoolPad , for 10.00 the best investment I made for my laptop . It 's lightweight , swivels , and keeps my laptop cool . I am very happy . : -RRB-
 If you own HP zd8000 then you know that it gets hot , specially under the right palm . I actually had to send my HP back to factory to replace fans ... I tried the Targus with two cooling fans without any difference . Following the input from users here on Amazon and some bulletin boards I gave this one a try - what a difference ! Notebook still gets a bit warm , but other than that its the way it should be . HP should ship this coolpad as a standard equipment with this series of notebooks.Even that the coolpad looks small , it hold zd8000 -LRB- 17 inch -RRB- firmly in place . Rotating podium is also a nice feature . I actually started to like having keyboard in angle , so I 'm considering to buy couple of those coolpads for my desktop keyboards . Works with them too !
 Pros : - raises laptop screen to a more comfortable level-angle of keyboard make typing easier-keeps computer off of wood desk , no more marks on wood-provides for good ventilationCons : - requires attention to placing laptop correctly so it 's not wobbly -LRB- only an issue if , like me , you are taking your laptop off the stand every day -RRB-
 really like the chill pad . Keeps my laptop cool !! does its job and i would recomend it to anyone.Lizzy
 I have an older laptop that really gets hot when holding it on my lap , bought the Chill Pad and was surprise how the two little fans work in keeping the heat factor down . It would be worth 5 stars if it was adjustable .
 This thing works really great , only in order for me to feel like my laptop was getting maximum cooling on the bottom , I took two of the pegs and super-glued them onto the wide part at the bottom , using two caps with the rubber stoppers on top . I do n't think it keeps the laptop cool enough without doing that . But they have stayed well and it works great now after I made that modification .
 It was what i spected ; Kinda smaller than the dimentions they specify in the decriptions , but it works good ...
 As a teacher I use my PC the entire day for my powerpoint presentations . I noticed my dell battery pack was getting very warm by the end of the day and had some concerns that the heat might be doing some damage.Well I plug this cooler in it cooled down my dell in less than 2 mins , run very quietly , bit cheap looking with the plastic but an excellent buy.One note to be aware of is my laptop has 15.4 monitor and the cooler does handel it but you will need to jockey it around till you find a good balance so the PC does not flip over or fall.There are other ones that also have USB ports added in case you need more ports
 I bought this item because my laptop really gets hot . The chill pad runs off the USB port so it does n't require an additional plug or outlet , is lightweight and makes no noise at all . It 's pretty cool .
 The Targus Traveler Coolpad is probably one of the best little investments I made for my laptop . I own a Dell , which can get pretty hot after working on it for several consecutive hours . I bought the Coolpad , and ca n't live without it . It 's very small , and can fit in any small computer case or backpack . I even put it on my lap when working on my couch at home . Overall , a great product , reliable , and affordable . There is no need to buy a more expensive product or a USB-powered fan , in my opinion .
 I 've had my laptop for 10 months , and today after getting my Targus Tornado notebook chill pad is the first time the laptop has not been hot to the touch . My Toshiba laptop overheats often , which locks it up and forces me to restart the system or get out of and back into applications to unlock everything . The Targus solved that problem completely for me . In addition , I use the laptop all day for work , and it is always resting on my knees or thighs , which become uncomfortably hot as well . The Targus eliminated that problem for me too . The Targus is a lightweight , hard-plastic platform that fits under your laptop and plugs into its USB port . It 's streamlined and takes up practically no room , so after you start using it , you hardly know its there except for the great way it solves your overheating problems . It has two fans that emit a constant cool breeze , but the fans are virtually noiseless . After several hours of using the pad , the laptop is still cool , and so are my knees . It 's comfortable to use , too . I was concerned that my laptop might slip off the pad , since I generally work in a reclining position with my knees up and the laptop at an angle , but the laptop stays firmly where it should thanks to the gripper surface of the pad , and all I notice is much greater comfort . I ca n't say enough good things about this product . It 's relatively inexpensive , especially compared with store prices here for the same item , and it works just as I hoped it would . The product is made for a 15 '' laptop and mine is a 17 '' , but it still works perfectly for me . Highly recommend .
 The Targus PA248U Tornado Notebook Chill Pad works just fine . It works with the power supplied by the USB Port .
 My wife and I have been using our Targus Coolpads for the last two years while we have been travelling around the world ... and working at our home office . I bought this one for a friend who just got her first notebook.This coolpad is excellent because it sets your notebook at a good angle and , best of all , keeps the notebook elevated off the table/surface in the event of spills , etc. I also like it because , unlike other coolpads , it 's simple , straightforward and packs away easily . Other coolpads we 've looked at tried to do too much and were too bulky -LRB- USB powered fans , huge lifts , etc.The targus is simple and effective ... and it 's inexpensive !
 I have a Fujitsu Lifebook C-Series that I was unable to sit with in my lap for more than a few minutes at a time without my thighs feeling like the skin was about to peel off . This `` Chill Pad '' has saved the day !
 I have a rather big Toshiba notebook -LRB- 15.4 ' screen -RRB- , so it is about 2.5 inches longer than the pad . However , it is still pretty stable on it , and it 's a lot better than using just some board to keep the computer in my lap -LRB- both for my leg and the laptop , which can get pretty hot in some portions on its bottom -RRB- . Also , 25-30 $ seems a bit pricey -LRB- but not by too much -RRB- for a plastic pad with two small fans in it -LRB- it 's not that hi-tech or innovative , after all -RRB- . Still , it 's definitely worth it , since I 've seen crappy , no-name pads on sale for $ 15 or more.Bottom line , if you do n't keep your notebook in your lap or it does n't get that hot , there are more useful laptop accessories you could get for this money . Otherwise , it 's a must .
 great Fan and cooling , have had to replace the cord twice . . perhaps because I use it for hours each day .
 works great , laptop does not slip off , keeps laptop cooler for better performance . great buy for the money from amazon , similar in stores cost 2X 's as much .
 This is a very good product and a great price , I gave it to my daughter for Christmas she was very pleased .
 I purchased this item for a gift and it was exactly what my daughter wanted . Using her laptop for long periods of time it keeps it from overheating and keeps her lap from overheating when she sits using in on the sofa . I was concerned as it was sent by the supplier without any instructions for how to use it and connect it to the laptop . However , my daughter knew how to hook it up .
 Decent for the money , laptop cooling tray with two fans . Slightly noisy but so far works well for the money .
 very good price for the notebook chill pad , so far so good i love it .
 I was reluctant at first to buy a plastic cooling pad but this one actually works quite well . I bought it specifically for the Xbox 360 to cool it down . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap way to cool your laptop or as I am using it ; for my Xbox 360 . Targus PA248U Notebook Chill Pad
 This is the the third of these we 've outfitted in our studio -- I think that speaks for itself . Best of its class . No other design is as functional and practical as this one . In addition to increasing usability , the design of this riser keeps the notebook exceptionally cool .
 I think `` cooler '' would be a better word to use in describing this item . It 's fairly quiet and seems to do the job of cooling not chilling . Must be used with the AC adapter or you get zip for battery life ... like you are running two fans . For the money , it 's perfect . My iBook G4 fits on it perfectly . I 'm sure it helps to deter wear and tear on the `` innereds '' .
 We 've owned this particular model for a week now and I 've go tot say , no complaints -LRB- knock on wood ! -RRB- We had that white plastic piece of crap thing from Belkin and the leg broke off after 2 months of use so when we purchased a new laptop last week and bought this new pad along with it.It has no leg to break off and is a really great design . If you have it on your lap , I 'd reccomend parting your legs a bit so tha tit can get air from below to cool the computer . It 's very quiet , the USB cord is long enough to accomodate the USB supply that might be on the sides of the computer as opposed to the back . All in all , very happy with this purchase thus far!way to go Targus !
 This is a great inexpensive , quiet way to keep your notebook running cooler . It plugs into a USB port and runs silently and efficiently . Highly recommend this chill pad .
 The item I received was black and looks a `` tad '' different but it serves its purpose well . A little noisy but the price was right . Bought it at $ 14.99 Lightening Deal offer .
 First , the pictures shown on the amazon web page are of a different model , the model I received and the model shown on the Targus website for this model number -LSB- ... -RSB- dont have those grooves that you see on the pictures shown on the product page . But the rest of the item is the same , with 2 fans , the usb port , the power switch etc. I have been using this for the past 2 days , and I find that this is an excellent product for the price . I have a 17 inch laptop , and I often work with it on my bed late into the night , or on the patio with the laptop on my lap . I have had my laptop really heat up my lap , making it very uncomfortable indeed . This chill pad has powerful enough laps , and very quiet . I had my reservations on some of the reviews that spoke about the noise , but there is literally none , except a very low hum . After a while , unless you are listening hard for it , you wont even realise it.Dont really know about the power consumption , coz I often keep my laptop plugged in when I am working , and remove the plug only when I need do . But I havent seen any appreciable depreciation -LRB- hmmm . . `` appreciable depreciation '' . . is that an oxymoron ? :-RRB- -RRB- in the battery life . .4 stars because I would have liked Targus engineers to consider 17 inch laptops while designing this , maybe have a couple of retractable slots on either side that would extend out when needed , and slide back into the main body for smaller laptops ? That way , those slots could even serve as maybe mouse pads for smaller laptops ? the pad is rather small for my 17 inch laptop , extends about an inch on either side.but besides that , I find it an excellent product.Definitely recommended .
 I bought a POS laptop from Circuit City for college . It had severe overheating problems and Circuit City wanted to take 30 % of the purchase price as a restocking fee , which I could n't afford . So I kept the awful bottom of the line -LRB- Averatec brand -RRB- laptop . -LRB- Never heard of it ? Did n't think so . There 's a reason . -RRB- I purchased the Targus branded cooler after my Antec one died ... it is of slightly better quality than the Antec , though not by much . -LRB- I waited until after the Antec died because the Targus branded cooler was more expensive -RRB- . Amazon has a great price on both the Antec and the Targus , $ 12 . When I needed the cooler -LRB- in college , usually on an emergency basis -RRB- , I had to rush out to Best Buy and sink $ 25-30 for the Antec or $ 40-50 for the Targus . So you can see why $ 12 is a bargain to me.The Antec and the Targus both have a life expectancy of one year -LRB- in my experience ... if you get a dud , it can be less ... -RRB- FYI Targus has a good warranty and will be helpful in making an exchange of your dud for a working cooler.If you 've already sunk your money in a craptascular laptop , then a cooler might be a good idea . If you have n't purchased your laptop yet , you might consider buying a laptop without an overheating problem . Or at least do n't buy your laptop from Circuit City .
 I was nervous about getting a chill pad . My friend has owned several because she said they broke frequently and had to be replaced . I have had my chill pad for over a year now and could n't be happier . Other than the fans being a tad rattly from frequent use , it 's a great product . It helps divert the heat from my laptop and keeps my lap nice and cool.I RECOMMEND this product .
 i really like this little fan . my computer has had no distortion at all since i began using this . i also bought one for my daughter ...
 Just look nice and really help me a little bit in cooling down with HP notebook . My notebook is hot all the time and even dead in winter from time to time . With this chill pad , I can not say it completely cools down , but is never dead again .
 Feel very comfortable using it . Very light and well built.Provides bushes for height adjustment for Laptops such as 17 '' ones . Freely dissipates the heat generated by laptop by natural flow of air.Good angle to type.Must buy for any laptop size , especially for 15 or higher.Thank youAditya Maturi
 This product fixed the issue I had with my laptop 's fan upon first use . Often when I am running the processor hard , I hear the fan kick into high gear ; however , I no longer hear the computer 's fan , and the product 's two fans are very quiet . I wish I did n't wait this long to purchase it !
 I bought this item under great suspicion . My laptop is a Dell inspiron 5100 and it 's cooling system is a piece of garbage . I have already had to send my system in once , but now that it is out of warranty , I am looking for a new solution to my new trashy cooling system . This product helped dramatically . My computer is much cooler , the fan does not go on for nearly as long or as loud , and this product does not affect the useability at all . I would highly recommend this item .
 I like this product so much that I just bought a spare so that I do n't have to carry it back and forth -- I almost never use my laptop without it . For me , the biggies are the greatly improved typing position and that it brings the screen nearly up to eye level -LRB- where it belongs -RRB- . I use it with the maximum rear elevation and wish it had one more set of risers.That it allows better airflow and swivels are extra bennies but not my main reason for liking it.The latest model comes with an extra bar to put on top of the risers for additional stability . That 's not shown in the photo as of this writing.Edward -- I see the brevity of truth . --
 I got my targus Tornado a week ago from Amazon . Amazon shipped it real fast . I think it is a must for all laptops . It drastically reduced the heat from the bottom of my laptop . Its so convenient . I use a dell Inspiron 9300 , which usually generates a lot of heat . After using this I dont have to worry about the heat , even during playing high end 3d games . I surely recommend
 I was having trouble with my Toshiba P15-S479 overheating during the use of some CD based software . The computer would just shut off ! I got this CoolPad and not only does the computer not shut down , it is cool to the touch all the time . I am sure that this will extend the life of my laptop . A small price to pay for my investment !
 I 'm using this for my SONY VAIO ... . solved the problem of overheating to a great extent . . I strictly recommend this if you leave your laptop switched on for long hours ... . but the quality of plastic with which it is made is not so good ... and so are the binders which keep the fans fixed ... . my chill pad makes some noise as one of the fans got displaced -LRB- probably . . i 'm not sure -RRB- ...
 I have owned multiple laptops , with the latest being a Dell Inspiron 8500 . When I first purchased the Dell , it gave me no problems while gaming , database processing , or while I did high-end graphic development . I even upgraded to 2GB of DDR RAM , but as soon as I tried to watch some long DVD 's , the laptop started crying for help.After some different ideas I felt like giving this a shot and I am so glad I did ! It was very inexpensive and worked like a champ.If there was one thing I would do differently , I would NOT plan to pick-up the item at Circuit City as I did with this item . It was such a difficult time there , and I will make all purchases solely through amazon.com from this point forward without a Third Party .
 The main use of the coolpad is to be used as a platform . It gives a good grip and is quite stable , even for big notebooks -LRB- mine is a 15.4 '' -RRB- . To be able to rotate the notebook is a nice improvment if it is on your desk , but it is too small to use in the lap . Very light and portable . It cools just a bit , so do n't buy if you have overheating problems . Look for one of those pads with fans . Also make sure you do want your notebook a bit lifted . Finally , it could definitely be cheaper . Nice construction , but still just a piece of plastic .
 I bought this product from amazon.Since I bought this one , my laptop did not crash even once due to heating . It powers thru USB which was good for me.Only reason why I did not give this 5 stars was that it makes some kind of noise when its running which sometimes irritates me especially during the night .
 I was hoping this product would make my HP Pavilion ze5300 quieter -LRB- the fan runs full speed ALL the time ... sounds like a leaf blower -RRB- . The fan is still running full steam ahead but the bottom of the laptop does not feel as hot as it use to . It must be working .
 For $ 11 it 's what I expected . It elevates my laptop so there 's room for the heat to get away . It 's a little small for my 15 inch laptop but it 'll work . The base swivels which is nice and makes it easier to adjust the angle of the laptop screen .
 I have used this item for my deployment in Iraq . I was scared about my laptop over heating that I purchased this item without completely reviewing the durability . I can now tell you that this item works great under hottest weather condition .
 Neither my Apple PowerBook G4 -LRB- 12.1 '' -RRB- nor iBook G3 -LRB- 14.1 '' -RRB- gets insanely hot , but I thought it was a good idea to protect them from overheating anyway . Besides , the bonus of being able to swivel the computer easily when at my desk and protect it from spills -LRB- I work in a lab with lots of liquids around -RRB- made this a worthy purchase .
 Do n't expect this item to `` cool '' down your laptop . It 's just good enough to put it between your lap and the computer . Check for the dimentions of your laptop before buying .
 This is a nice notebook cooler for my HP Z2000 , but it 's made of cheap plastic !
 Since I bought this coolpad , my Dell and Toshiba have had no more overheating problems and are never hot to the touch anymore . Further neither sounds like a wheezing horse since the fan barely needs to run now ! Games and programs that take up a lot of system resources do n't hang up or run slowly anymore . You already spent $ 1000 or more on a laptop ; there 's no reason NOT to buy the Coolpad to protect your investment .
 Works great ! My Dell notebook used to overheat all the time , but now I canwork without interruptions . I am extremely satisfied .
 I am using my laptop on my legs and I was afraid of the consequences ... I am very with the product .1 . looks and feel solid .2 . very quit3 . cool the computer .
 Since purchasing this cool mat , I hear my laptop 's internal cooling fan running way fewer times thus maintaining the life of my laptop . Every laptop owner should have a cool mat with fans . This product in particular is reliable , trouble-free , and well designed . This design secures and cradles my laptop while allowing it tremendous ventilation . I should have bought this years ago !
 I have a fairly high powered HP Pavilion laptop with 17 inch screen . Gaming -LRB- or anything else that was processor intensive -RRB- would CONSTANTLY cause my machine to shut down due to overheating . Ever since I 've used the Chill Pad - I have n't had ANY issues . It connects directly to the PC 's USB port - very convenient.Great product .
 The pad works just as described , the only thing I have had trouble with is the power connection on the pad . When you attempt to remove the cord from the pad it pulls the entire unit -LRB- power cord assembly -RRB- out . Otherwise great .
 I just bought this today at an Office Depot . I was concerned that it may be loud and/or bulky . However , my laptop 's fan is not running nearly as much as it was prior to plugging in the chill pad . Also , just by simply touching my laptop , I can tell that the temperature has decreased significantly . That was the main reason for purchasing this ... I love my laptop , but it was getting so hot that I could barely stand to type for any extended period of time . So ... temp down and very quiet . It is much quieter than just the normal laptop fan . Overall , I 'd definitely recommend this to anyone having issues with a too hot laptop .
 Light and comfortable to use , keeps the heat of your laps and also reduces the temperature of your laptop , as you can feel that the computer fans do not come on as often as they did . Side power cable can be a nuisance sometimes and in my opinion , if Targus had routed the connections on the back than on the sides it would be better .
 For ~ $ 20 you ca n't go wrong with this . I always hated how hot my laptop would get after working for awhile , but this really helps . I would give it 5 stars if it tilted to make typing a little more comfortable , but it 's slim so not a big deal .
 It does what it says it 's suppose to ! The fan on my laptop goes on lees often when I use the cooler so that 's good !
 This product did not work properly with my newer Macbook Pro . My computer just slipped right off the supposedly sticky rubber grips . It claims to work with all Macs so beware if you have a Pro or Powerbook . I think the finish on them does not work well with the product . I gave the CoolPad to my boyfriend for use with his Macbook and it works wonderfully with that laptop . It seems very secure and it 's been sitting there for weeks .
 The Targus Coolpad definitely keeps the laptop cooler as well as the surface it is sitting on including your lap . The laptop does have a tendency to slip forward especially when sitting on your lap but that can be fixed by wiping the rubber props with a damp cloth from time to time . I would recommend them to others .
 What a great price for a great product . This Pad is so quite that I 'm always checking to make sure it has n't stopped working . It 's a little small for my machine but still keeps it from overheating .
 I 've been using this product for about two weeks and am satisfied with it so far . It 's very quiet and small enough to easily fit in the case with my 15 '' laptop . It works great on carpet or in bed where my computer used to overheat . I was hoping my laptops 's noisy fans would n't have to run when I 'm using the chillpad , but they still do , even on hard surfaces . The chillpad takes up one of the two USB ports on my laptop , but that 's not usually a problem for me , and it 's more convenient than plugging into an outlet .
 Great Product . Works well . My laptop tends to run hot but this chill pad really works . No more cutting off due to overheating .
 I would recommend this to a friend . this chill pad was the cheapest and best decently rated chill pad I could find for my laptop . I got this for less than $ 7 , and its definitely worth it . It does it 's job , and keeps my laptop quite cool , even keeping my lap a little cool too . I was worried about this being relatively loud , but the first time I turned it on , I was n't even sure it was on ... there was no sound or obnoxious vibrations , and I have no complaints about this . The only slight annoyance is that it is a little cumbersome to bring anywhere -LRB- school , work , etc. -RRB- but for home use , -LRB- in bed , on the couch , etc. -RRB- I could n't be happier ! Definitely worth the cheap price .
 I had another coolplate i bought in the store for way more that burnt out in a few weeks not the same brand i 've been using this one for over a month now my computer is n't heating up and you can feel it cooling its honestly worth the money shipped really fast!I have since bought a new laptop so now we have two and now i have purchased my second one :-RRB- Luv this chill pad its well worth the cost and way cheaper then in the stores
 It works well , very quiet but for the price you can buy one with three fans and light indicator op power
 Good item to help keep your lap top from getting too hot . A necessity for lap top computers
 This podium is very nice . I have hp pavillion notebook -LRB- 17 '' -RRB- and it fits very well . This product does n't have any external cooling system .
 great if you 're looking for a low-cost solution
 I bought this because my laptop gets hot and burns my wrists i read the reviwes on amazon and i went ahead a got it it works wonders my laptop never gets hot and works slightly faster.Buy this !!!
 It 's light , thin , portable and it does its job very well . Certainly cools down my laptop , which used to get awfully warm after some time .
 I received my Chill Pad in such a short period of time ! After inspecting it , I instantly took it and placed it under my notebook . I could feel an immediate difference.I recommend this to any one who has a notebook . It is compact enough to fit in my briefcase , light weight , easy to handle and plug in . It is also quite sturdy.I had shopped for along time for a cool pad , and I am most proud I purchased this one . And have to give thanks for the quick mailing from the seller ! PROPS TO YOU!If I should need another Chill Pad , I know what to buy and who I would like to buy it from !
 The cooling pad is really light and two fans gives enough air circulation to effectively cool even my DELL laptop . Without this I can not work with my laptop on my lap !!
 I have noticed a marked improvement in the performance of my laptop since using the chill pad . I use my laptop at home a lot and it is frequently left on for several days at a time . I noticed before that my laptop was becoming very hot around the area where the processor is located , especially if I had been typing for some time . This was having a negative effect on my laptops performance . While using the chill pad the constant air flow on the bottom of the laptop is quite adequate to keep the computer cool and also keeps it from damaging my desk .
 This product does exactly what it is supposed to ! It lifts the laptop to a better position for airflow and more ergonomic typing , and it also allows you to easily rotate the laptop . It is also small enough to tuck in a laptop bag , in contrast to some of the other laptop pads . I bought this for my husband for his new laptop and now he * never * puts the laptop down directly on a table or desk - he always puts the CoolPad down first !
 If you do n't have a lot of money but have a hot Dell like me you 're going to want to buy this . It does make a huge difference in cooling down the computer . I recommend turning it on before you turn on your computer , it works much better if you give it a head start . If you play games or are just on the computer for long periods of time this is a great way for the money to cool down your computer .
 The product they are selling out is totally different from what u get ... i do n't say it 's bad . . i believe it 's a never model ... and might be better ... i have bein using is for only a couple of days so do n't be able to tell the exact performance !! ... but seems descent the real test would be if it lasts ... . i am writing this review only to let people know that product u get is different from imageThe things that are different :1 . -RRB- Thicker2 . -RRB- More Stylish -LRB- has curved sides -RRB- 3 . -RRB- More nosier than expected4 . -RRB- Cooling may be some what be better than the last modelThe Specification has also changed : Dimension
 The fan is a little louder than I 'd like but is fine in an office environment . I 'd pay more for a quieter unit or one with a heat sensor if this was for home . Rubber pads on top and bottom keep everything in place . Air is pulled in from the side and escapes from the side . I 'd think you 'd want air in or out the back since that 's where most batteries are.I use this from my MacBook and the internal fan has n't gone on over 2 days use then it used to kick in at least once a day . So cheap way to keep from stressing out the internal fan .
 Really great value for the money!keeps it cool & off the lap too!PLUS good warranty also
 I 've had this cooling pad for a couple of months now , and I have n't had a problem with it yet . I like to have my laptop on my bed when I 'm at home , and it used to be a problem with the heat that it generated . I used to prop up my laptop on books and have a fan blow underneath it to try and cool it off , but it did n't work . After a while I could n't deal with the heat , and I went out and bought this chill pad . I have to say that it has made it so my laptop is completely cool -LRB- just like it is when it is off -RRB- , and I never have a problem with using my laptop in bed anymore . At first it feels kind of cheap and that you could break it very easily , but it is surprisingly sturdy and has no problem supporting my laptop . Overall this has exceeded my expectations with no problems , and I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 I have an HP dv9000 that I use daily for rendering video and playing games . The laptop was running hot , to the point of lock ups and hard reboots . I bought this product , my first cooling pad , and it has done the job well.I agree with `` monkeyboy '' in that it would be nice to have the fans further back , but with some trial and error , I found the right spot to get maximum cooling .
 Good value and great product . Almost completely silent - had another brand that was very noisy , which I replaced with the Targas . Highly recommend this pad !
 I 've heard this product has been discontinued , which would be no surprise since it is reasonably priced , effective , and low-tech/no maintenance . It is lightweight , swivels smoothly through 360 degrees to allow multiple viewers to see the laptop screen , tilts the laptop just enough forward to allow better cooling and ease strain on the wrists . Pretty dang good for a $ 20 bill . Hope rumors of its extinction are exaggerated -LRB- but I wish I 'd bought two just in case -RRB- .
 This is what I wanted . It keeps my laptop cool and works as expected .
 Laptop stays cool with this on . I can hear it in a quiet house .
 I purchased the coolpad to use at meetings . I take notes on my computer and it gives the proper leverage and comfort I need while taking the notes . I recommend it for those who use a laptop all the time .
 I love the Targus PA248U Notebook Chill Pad . It does all that I had anticipated it would do and I would highly recommend it !
 Very awesome cooler for the price . It cools well and runs pretty quietly . My laptop fans do n't need to run as much or as high speed now . Very pleased with the purchase !
 This product is just as is advertised . i wanted something to help cool my 13 '' Macbook without getting too fancy with fans . i do n't know a lot about computers but i knew this '07 laptop needed help in staying cool . not only did it help keeping it cooler and lessening the internal fan from having to kick on all the time at full speed , but it is a nice platform you can adjust to your liking and relieves stress on your wrists from typing . the moving platform is a GREAT feature . when i video chat it helps find the best lighting without having to move everything . the grips that hold the laptop in place are very good . i have not had a problem with my laptop slipping what so ever . the only thing i do not like , and maybe it is because i have a smaller and lighter laptop , is that the grip between the platform and the surface you have it on is n't as good . like i said it may be because my laptop is smaller and does n't have enough weight to push down on to really engage the grips . every time i rotate the platform it also moves the base . other than that i am very pleased with this product . simple , cheap , and it works .
 I am writing to review the Targus Podium CoolPad with 360 degree rotation -LRB- PA241U -RRB- . I begin this way because it appears that negative reviews from some Chill Pad products have been placed here with reviews for this Podium CoolPad.Right off the top , let 's be clear
 I got it for $ 12 and it works pretty well . My HP 2510p gets pretty warm after about an hour use and this keeps it pretty cool . It 's very light and very quiet . My notebook is 12.1 '' and it 's a good size fit . I just wish it did n't hog one of my usb ports . But it 's pretty good for the price .
 I own 2 of these chill pads that I purchased for about $ 10 each . I purchased my first one over 2 years ago and to this day it still works . It has gotten a little noisy , but it still does the job . Its parts are cheap , but what do you expect for under $ 10 ? I never use the on/off switch which is probably why it still works . If my laptop is on , the chill pad is on as well ; otherwise what is the point of having it ? If I want it off , I just unplug it from the usb port . What I like best about this cooling pad is that it draws the heat away from the laptop instead of blowing air up to the laptop to dissipate the heat and in the process blowing dust into your system . Every laptop I have had , from my old VAIO S560 to my current one , the Dell Inspiron Duo , has remained cool while using this cooling pad . Some dust does get on the bottom of the laptop , but it 's minimal , easily wiped away and is n't blown into the laptop . The only thing I would add to this setup would be to make it a usb hub as well . Seems like all the new cooling pads that have additional usb ports blow air up to cool instead of drawing heat out .
 Not only is it small , sturdy and lightweight , you simply MUST get the CoolPad.It swivels so sharing is eaiser.It allows air to circulate while allowing you to put your laptop on your lap without the heat!It levels the laptop so typing is better.My laptop dose n't make the big fan noise anymore.Best add-on you can buy !
 I use this with my 17 '' Powerbook and it works great . It lets more air circulate under the computer so it does n't get too warm and the ability to swivel it around is nice too . The pad also tilts the computer slightly forward so typing is comfortable . It is a nice thing to have if you are using a laptop at a desk or table .
 The Targus Podium Coolpad delivers as promised . It lets you position your laptop at an optimal angle for your wrists and eyes.The extra spacing gives your laptop base fans room to vent warm air . And the stable-feeling , two-piece Podium base swivels nicely on a table-top . The unit comes with a bar-like attachment to contact the bottom of your laptop , but I found that the four rubber-topped posts were more than enough for my 14-inch Toshiba . You may think you are paying a lot for a molded piece of rubber and plastic but the Podium does the job nicely . In this case , simplicity works .
 I purchased the Podium Coolpad -LRB- PA241U -RRB- to elevate my MacBook Pro -LRB- 15.4 '' -RRB- at a higher angle than was afforded by the height of my desk . Combined with the Wireless Mighty Mouse and Apple Wireless Keyboard , this device perfects my work space.The re-sizeable , plastic columns on the back are circular and fit neatly on top of one another with no snapping or twisting . The tops of each column have heat-resistant and gripping rubber caps.The base of the pad , where the edge nearest the notebook user sits , also has such rubber pieces that hold the notebook in place.The base does indeed swivel , but stays put when you want it to.I highly recommend this to anyone who finds themselves leaning over their desk to type on their laptop keyboard and wants to improve their overall notebook experience . My favorite aspect of the product is by far the way it brings the laptop screen to eye level.As a sidenote , if one so desired , one could turn the podium around so that the laptop keyboard angles down and away from the user , in an effort to improve the circulation in one 's wrists .
 Ummmmm , it 's a cable . And it works . I mean , it 's just a cable , right ? So . I do n't know what else to write .
 I am no techno-freak , just a straight-point-and shooter . This camera is actually two in one . Having a wide angle and long range zoom in one unit is a dream come through . The pictures are of great quality and this is all I care . In the past I used the canon S2-IS , but I feel that this one is superior , especially with the wide angle and the more compact size . Love it .
 I am really happy with this camera . I was searching for the camera which has high optical zoom and more than 5 MP and Panasonic TZ3s is really matching to my requirement . I will suggest to go with this camera if you want high optical zoom and slick model . I will rate this as a 4.5
 I just got this camera and brought it on a trip to try it out . Although it is a little larger and heavier than the Casio I lost , I am finding it really easy to use . I have n't begun to discover all the things it can do , but the camera is very good at telling you exactly what you are doing . The icons are intuitive , but each selection displays on the large screen what the icon does . I 'm really impressed with the 10x optical zoom as well . The outdoor setting for the digital display is very helpful and makes taking and reviewing pictures outdoors really easy . All in all a really good choice although they could have thrown in a memory card .
 This camera is the perfect camera for travellers . It concentrates the best technology in a compact shape . It could be lighter - the lens is quite big - but this lens is so great that i ca n't say it 's a real problem ...
 I recently bought this camera and was very excited about the hype . This camera looks great , very `` quality '' feeling , I also find it has the ability to take great pictures , you just have to experiment with the settings . My only gripe about the camera is that the sound quality is SO bad . My 4 year old camera sounds clearer ! If you do n't care about the sound quality then I would recommend this camera for you . Overall , it 's good enough .
 The Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3K Digital Camera is a great camera . Having alots of fun with it . The pictures and colors are superb . Have know problems with it at all . I subscribe to consumers reports and it givesPanasonic Lumix Camera the highest ratings . Thanks a lot for the greatprice and service . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I wo n't go in depth as many others already have . I wanted to point out that the USB support on the camera is very slow . 45 minutes to move 2 GB of photos is ridiculous . I ca n't believe they designed it that way . This may not be a deal breaker though , because you can just use your own card reader instead of plugging the camera into your computer . Also , for those of us with fat fingers/fumble fingers this may be the last point and shoot ever made that actually has the minimum amount of size and weight needed to actually get a grip , thanks to the requirements of the heavy lens . Most other cameras in this class are half the weight and size . This camera is the perfect size for me and my shaky hands.Given the beautifully bright and huge LCD , the battery time on this camera is not bad ! I have taken pictures all day long with this camera and it still did n't need a recharge!One other disappointment is the inability to focus or zoom while running the movie camera . Whatever focus and zoom setting you are at when you first push the button is what you get for the whole movie . That is werid and disappointing . The sound quality of the movie is also not on par with a Canon camera ; it is a lot more fuzzy .
 After much shopping around , I purchased this camera before my trip to South Africa this past August . I was heavily debating whether or not to `` step up '' to an SLR , but I also like to travel light and did not have time go through the SLR learning curve , and the 10x zoom -LRB- for safari pics -RRB- is what did it for me . Lo and behold I soon found out that with the extended digital zoom , I could go up to 60x ! During my trip , many people -LRB- including SLR owners -RRB- raved about my camera and the amazing pictures it took , especially for it 's size . It also takes great video . I highly recommend it !
 This camera has all the features that allow you to take YOUR photography to the expert level ! Panasonic leads the way in anti-vibe tech and the photo 's show it . This camera will become your favorite , and your FAMILY & friends will love the pictures you take of them !
 I love this camera ! I received it just in time for a family vacation in Portugal this month . When I looked at the instruction book I was afraid that the camera would be too complicated for me . It was n't ! What I like about this camera is that right out of the box it takes great pictures . But it also has features that allow more experienced photographers to customize settings . I love the wide angle lens and the 10x zoom . When I opened the box , I expected to find a separate wide angle lens but was happy to find that it 's not a separate component - it is part of the camera !
 I am naive when it comes to cameras , so I read all the reviews , the consumer reports and listened to the droolings of the person I purchased this for.I really got the bargain , I truly believe . This camera was all that was dreamed of and more according to the reciever of the gift . I have even used it once or twice and I am surprised and really pleased with the results ! I never expected anything quite that nice to come of any pictures I take .
