 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 First time I tried the extractor , it busted off inside the bolt . Very hard metal , but so hard that it is quite brittle . Very little amount of free play , and does n't let you put any torque on the bolt at all , so if it is rusted in there , forget about this set ! Seems like a cheap knock off of the ever so popular `` easy out '' set.Now I have to figure a way out how to get the stupid thing out of my bolt so I can drill a new hole and tap some new threads in . Ca n't drill it out because the metal is so hard , it is chewing up my drill bits .
 This tool is made of cheap material and never work or extract tripped screw . I have tried so many times and eventually have to buy different brand tool to make my work finished
 Do not waste your money on this set ! After an hour I had worn the smallest drill bit in the set down to a nub trying to drill through a small transmission bolt on my Pontiac Sunfire . I did get the screw extracted , however , the set was worthless by the time I got the screw out . Also , the extractors are weak . One will need a small torch to heat up the metal to loosen screws and bolts to keep from snapping the extractors .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 I needed this for a small repair job , but thought it would be useful to have around for years to come . I ended up returning it because parts were missing and the company never responded when i contacted them on their website.A note in the box requested that issues be resolved by contacting the company rather than returning the item , which I tried to follow , but when they do n't respond to contact through their website , what is one to do but send the tool back?you can use this tool to repair your broken canondale road shifter bosses -LRB- on the downtube -RRB- . just replace the easily broken bar with a slightly larger hole and a couple of m5 rivnuts and you 're good to go . you can also easily install water bottle cages to any sheet of metal you can drill a pair of holes in .
 The actual model of this meter is the i410 , I am unsure where the number 617727 is relevant as Fluke does n't identify it with this number . I suspect this is a component of some kit , which is defunct and therefore the reason for the strange model number . There are a few vendors that list this part number , but I also suspect this is a single-sourced inventory item . A lot of speculations , but what else are we supposed to do ? -LSB- ... -RSB- After one review that states the inaccuracy , AMAZON should have this rectified.There is not a valid excuse to keep a listing that is know to be inaccurate.That being said , the i410 is an excellent instrument.AMAZON is usually fair about inaccuracies when it comes to returns . If someone purchased this and did not return it , maybe AMAZON did not look at the listing.I suggest those looking for a current probe visit the link in this review and proceed from there . The review is for the improper listing .
 THE SPECIFICATIONS OF THE Fluke 617727 Clamp-on Current Probe INDICATES CLEAR GOOD THAT
 I bought this clamp and it turns out I need digital multimeter to operate it . I do not understand DMMs means before . After i received it and read the intruction then I understood . I wished that the ad could be more clearer . I have not returned it yet because it cost money to send it back.Any suggestion ? Mean a while I already bought another fluke amp meter that does not need another digital meter to operate it .
 The Fluke current clamp works properly but the Amazon website listed the device as having 1000amp capacity . Actual specification is only 400 amps . Since I 'm monitoring an 800 amp , AC service it 's not too helpful . Please fix the website . Product description as of 05/06/12 says 1000amp AC/DC . In the technical details it would be very , very helpful if you would attach pdf 's of the manuals and spec sheets .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 While the text of the item 's description is for 0.5 ml of Loctite 222MS threadlocker , what is pictured is , as far as I can tell , a 50ml bottle -LRB- based on a later google image search -RRB- . I purchased because I wanted that bottle that was pictured that would stand upright and not leak all over . Instead , I got a tiny tube with significantly less threadlocker than was anticipated . Toolfetch does n't charge much for the tube , but quite a bit -LRB- almost 3x -RRB- for shipping , so you wo n't return it if , like me , you were n't paying close enough attention and relied on their picture to be an accurate representation of what they were shipping . Based on the fact you ca n't blow the picture up enough to read the printing on the bottle to confirm its volume , the marked-up then marked-down pricing and the disproportionate shipping charge , I can only conclude that this was intentional on the part of toolfetch .
 Rolled out from under appliance when attempting to move appliance creating potentially hazardous situation . Would not recommend this product .
 I am a bit peeved because I think I got used ones , as they had scratches on them out of the box . That said , these wheels work OKAY , not too great . Had trouble placing washer / drier legs on them as they slide off unless they are placed right in the middle of the squares . The other issue is the wheels do n't swivel , so you can basically just go straight with them , which almost never happens when you are moving appliances . If you have to turn at an angle with the appliance on these wheels , good luck . I would pay a bit more to buy a dolly with swiveling wheels next time .
 They are good but it 's not a set of 8 just 4 ! So I was dissapointed because wanted to use all 8 and because of the price -LRB- twice more expensive that it seemed -RRB- .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This product is a 6inch caliper , they post 9 1/8 of the overall size of the piece , they have to specify what coustumers need to know .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Cheap , rough wood with lots of visible flaws and wood filler . Luckily , I did not need it for finishing purposes .
 We have one of these at our shop , and nobody ever refills it . Why ? It requires a fairly complex set of steps compared to everytihng else on the market . You must first unlatch the locking mechanism , fold the arm out of the way -LRB- not intuitive at all -RRB- . Tried to find instructions for this online , so I could print them out to clear it up , but I ca n't find anything . Terrible holder , I 'd rather have a homemade piece of wood .
 After several use drilling 3/8 '' mild steel I noticed that I already have several bits with chipped ends . These bits get dull quickly too.Made in China.Would not buy again .
 HAVE USED THE 1/4 IN BIT ABOUT 3 TIMES AND IT IS ALREADY SHOWING SIGNS OF DULLING . VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BITS THUS FAR . WOULD NOT PURCHASE AGAIN .
 This set has a great assortment , but some of the sizes -LRB- 27/64 and others -RRB- are slightly off and are too small . I 've thrown this out and purchased an accurate set .
 I RECENTLY GOT THE SET AND USED THEM ON DRILLING PILOT HOLES IN SHEET METAL TO GO ON A TRAILER HOUSE . THEY ARE DULL TO START WITH AND GET DULL VERY FAST . THEY ARE NOT COBALT AND WOULD RATHER HAVE JUST A MILL OF THE RUN HSS BITS . WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK . ROD
 I 'd love to be in a position to recommend what to buy instead of these , but I do n't have a clue . I 've always sworn by Irwin bits . I bought my current cobalt set about 4 years ago and they are still going strong . So I thought I was doing my son a favor when I bought him this set . That is until we dulled two bits trying to extract a broken bolt last weekend . Perhaps the bolt was made out of a new , super-hard steel ? Nope . I used a bit from my set , and it went through the bolt like butter . The quality may have gone south , but the packaging on his set is oh-so-cute . Someone at Irwin surely got a bonus for making that trade-off .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Incredibly accurate , but for the price , you 'd expect a good solid construction with high quality materials . Unfortunately that was n't the case.The sofware , the features , and what this thing can do is really impressive . You have many ways to graph out the data and take read outs . I wish that this was all I had to say about the product . Unfortunately , this is not the case : The quality of the materials and construction felt very cheap . The enclosure of the device itself was not properly cut . It almost looks like it was cut by hand . The serial port on the side is sticking out and not really mounted onto anything . Not only that , you can see the internal components through all external ports -LRB- This means the device can easily get contaminated unless you keep it in a bag 24/7 -RRB- . The other three ports on the sides for the headphones , the contrast and the ext. power did n't really look professional either . It looked like someone had custom built the Geiger counter by hand . I was expecting it to be more professionally built for what I paid for it.This was going to be an upgrade for my Radiation Alert Monitor 4 Geiger counter . I was using it in Japan to check for radiation read outs in different areas around the country . Now I can honestly say that I 'm embarrassed to show this new `` upgraded '' Geiger counter because it looks like a homemade school project.This product has a lot of potential , and it is very functional . However , I honestly think that the price tag on this device is way too high and no where near what it should be . There are many other products out there for the same price that built very well and professionally . I hope the maker of this product will read this and release a better , more well-built Geiger counter . If they do , I would definitely be interested in changing/re-upgrading my device to a better one because of the features and accuracy . Until then , I 'll be looking elsewhere .
 This Geiger Counter GCK-01 Kit came from Images SI , Inc. with missing resisters and wrong diodes mislabeled . The instruction booklet is poorly written for a beginner . The company did not respond to my requests for the missing resistors . Unfortunately I soldered in the wrong mislabeled IN4007 1 KV diodes where the zenner diodes were supposed to go and consequently may have ruined the PCB . I do not recommend this kit unless you are expierenced in building circuit boards and are willing to buy the correct resistors and zener diodes locally . I ordered directly from the company and they were one month late in their promised delivery date .
 This engine will actually run for a few seconds , but the cheap plastic gears are somewhat deformed , causing it to constantly stop and bind . Pulleys are made of rubber , and flashing on the them and the plastic also make it stop . A great idea , but stinks in quality . You can get the same exact product at musclewires.com for $ 49.95 and be 30 % less disappointed . It 's worth about $ 10.00 for the removable nitinol spring , but the rest of it is plastic junk .
 I was sent an item that was NOT what I ordered ... I ordered a box of Scotch-Brite # 07445 light duty 6x9 scouring pads , what was sent to me was NOT a Scotch-Brite product ... What was sent to me were white scouring pads that looked similar , did n't at all feel like the real thing and they had a perforated line down the center so that they could be cut or torn into 6 x 4.5 pads , they did n't come in a box and had no markings on them -LRB- Scotch-Brite Pads actually have the name lightly printed on them -RRB- . I sent the item back and received a refund , however it was an inconveinience as I needed the pads I purchased and had to reorder elsewhare which delayed my project !
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I ordered this product out of curiousity , thinking it was a joke . As soon as I opened the can , it emitted a strange , satisfying , neon green glow . I was like `` oh man , this is seriously urinamium ! '' . So I put the lid back on and throw it in my closet , thinking `` wow , I have radioactive material . '' I go to sleep that night , and have an extremely strange dream , and a POUNDING headache . I wake up , forgetting all about the urinamium . I go to the bathroom , and as I urinate , I notice my testicles hanging WAY lower than usual . I then proceed to urinate pure , thick , dark red blood . I look in the mirror , and I am pale white , with a thick , nasty , light green coating on my tongue . My eyes are very blood shot , with a yellow haze to them . My hair was falling off , and I was miserable . I thought it was a nightmare . I then remembered the urinamium , and started crying , thinking I would wake up . I threw this out the next day in a field about 2 miles away from my house . I am miserable . Over the course of two weeks , my body is slowly making horrible changes . My nose is shifting to one side . My toe on my right foot does n't move anymore , and is purple in color . My Testicles hang past my knees . I am teaming with a lawyer , to sue Amazon.com for permitting sales of such a product . This is a cancerous and dangerous radioactive substance , do n't make my mistake . You are clearly a fool for buying this after reading .
 I paid for this over a month ago and have yet to receive it . Have tried emailing the seller but no response ! Will be reporting this to amazon soon
 not good idea to use to try to becom x-men superhero spidermabatman or anything . hurt very much right now donttry.wdould rat lower but 1 str is lowest rating
 I thought this was the perfect fit for my nuklear powered car and bought a dozen of this . Little did I realize that the radioactivity would be so low that I can barely run the car and not be able to launch the counter-traffic missiles or the retroguns designed to take down chasing cops.I dont want to get started on the time machine . It malfunctioned just when I had set the year to 2064 -LRB- just to see if my girl would be with me till that time -RRB- . A serious of beeps with warnings of insufficient power and the whole damn machine went up in smokes killing my children and maiming my grandma . The emissions bamaged my drain my face my vital organs and my hair . now i am bald , have effeminate voice , runny nose and an infantile p.e.n.i.s.oh yea . my girl left me.Don ' t recommend this stuff .
 I got this product to keep my neighbor 's pesky dog out of my goddamned garden!I coated some of my seeds with this stuff before I planted a recent carrot patch . As expected , the dog came and ate all of the carrots . I expected him to get sick or at least no longer enjoy the carrots due to their Uranium nature , but he loved it ! He continued to eat the carrots , visibly growing as he ate them . He left my garden at least 6 inches taller and with a spryness I have never seen out of the damn old mutt . I watched this scene from my window with horror and I still am not sure what to do about this . At night I can see a faint green glow coming from the neighbor 's doghouse which I assume is a result of my carrot shenanigans.I only gave this product 2 starts because it grew , overnight , the largest carrots I have ever seen . They were 2 ' long and a vibrant orange that I have never seen before .
 My dad is currently going through radiation treatment for Colon Cancer which is fine and all , but he has to drive 45 minutes away for it and is usually too weak to drive afterward so my mom has to tag along as well . Well I bought this a few weeks ago for his BDay and put under their bed hoping it would help cure him . Oh boy was I wrong , now his cancer has spread to other organs and gave my mom Testicular Cancer . I 'm sorry but I ca n't rate this product higher than 2 stars for the Turkey Neck Cancer that it gave to my mom .
 I though this stuff was supposed to glow in the dark , boy I was disappointed . I am upset because I 've been carrying this stuff in my pocket as a good luck stone . My teeth and hair have all fallen out , and my eyes bleed from time to time . The worse was when I went to meet a friend at the airport and set off some alarms and got the snot beat outta me by some TSA goons . Then the FBI took it away from me after questioning me for 4 days ! In short , screw this item !
 Ok , the reviews for this are all pretty fun to read but lets be realistic for at least one minute : This is a real sample of uranium containing ore and NOT for children or ingestion . As depicted in the picture , samples will be around 200 cpm -LRB- counts per minute -RRB- . Definitely not a `` hot '' piece of ore by any stretch of the imagination.However , ALL uranium bearing ores emit alpha and beta particle radiation and gamma rays . The uranium itself is not really a radiation hazard as it emits only alpha particles that wo n't penetrate your skin and is more a heavy metal toxin than anything . That said , you certainly do n't want to ingest any alpha emitter as then it becomes a radiological hazard.The uranium in this ore is not the concern . The other elements in the uranium decay chain are . Those are the beta particle and gamma ray emitters . That can it comes in will not generally have any great effect on the gamma rays and they will go right through it.This sample like ALL uranium ores will release radon gas as part of the decay chain . The radon only lives around 4 days then decays in to the four deadly daughters over a period of about 1 hr . The final daughter is radioactive lead 210 which will not decay for another 22 years.So this is not a toy . Do n't feed it to the cat as it wo n't make him run any faster , do n't put it in your highball as it wo n't instill any viagra effects , do n't carry it in your front pocket thinking it will save you money on condoms , and certainly do n't inhale near the can when you first open it .
 This product was not properly labeled as unsafe for children ! I had bought this to power an invention I had picked up at Professor Manglebot 's garage sale , but the twins got into the can and now I have two fused three year old boys who keep burning holes into the carpet with their eyes .
 My friend has a ferret who ordered this . He found it in his cage along with a few kongs inside a sleep sack and Nbones ... they were n't sure what he was going to do with it , but trust me - the ferret was n't happy when he found out it was missing . If you own ferrets , please make sure they do n't have access to your computer so they ca n't order this product .
 I bought this product as the final ingredient for my teleportation device . Well , it worked just fine for powering up the machine , but unfortunately my cat followed my into it during a test run . Now I 'm half cat ! I would be ok with that , I 'm fond enough of cats to be one , but now my wife left me , because , well , fluffy was fixed . I ca n't see my kids anymore because the judge ruled that someone who jumps out the window regularly to beat up other cats is a bad influence on children . This product has ruined my life !
 I bought myBack to the Future
 Bought this for a weather experiment . Could only produce 1.19 gigawatts , had to seek out another source that was very unpleasant to work with .
 I 've had trouble finding both a Nintendo Wii and Uranium Ore for the kids this Christmas . I would suggest that the manufacturers increase their production for the holidays , as few of us have time to stand in long lines at Best Buy or broker deals with the Chinese Prime Minister .
 To those who may , like I , be inclined towards utilizing this product for raising more than just your Geiger counter , one and a half words
 I was hoping to get to warp factor 8 with my girlfriend . Instead she turned into Hulk and tossed me through a wall . Now shes in the park fighting with the National Guard .
 I got this can to use as a guide while visiting the Navajo Nation . I wanted to compare it to the roadside tailings dumps , the abandoned housing tracks bulldozed for contamination . And compare it to the samples at the Monument Valley Uranium Mine , you know the one , next door to the hotels and campgrounds that were built while Navajo elders were relocated from their childhood homesites . I thought maybe I 'd show it to the lady I live with , a Navajo elder whose husband died from collapsed lung as a Uranium Miner . Or to see if it was similar to the radioactive readings in the local water supply of Black Falls . Or the constituency of the water that spilled into the Rio Puerco from the contaminated water dam in Church Rock . And then I realized , I should ask the Tribal Council if they have any on sale for cheaper .
 Everyone knows what Uranium Ore is and its various uses , so I 'm not going to waste your time and go into that here.The real question is do you have to replace your current existing supply of Uranium Ore for this newly released version ? In short , no.The previous version of Uranium Ore was the original . It was potent , did the job , and left me wanting for more . Unfortunately , this version of Uranium Ore coming from Images SI Inc left me wanting less . Much less.Firstly , the amount they supplied was far less than previous suppliers . With the original version , I got at least twice as much Ore. . Yes , we 're paying half the price , but we 're getting half the amount so do n't be fooled here , people . Sure , they claim it 's higher quality and coming from a more unadulterated form , but to be honest , I did n't see any difference . Maybe I 'm nitpicking , but I 'm calling it as I see it.Secondly , the packaging . Talk about cutting corners . Do n't be fooled by the image . It looks vacuum sealed and secure . But get this , on other side of the container -LRB- which they conveniently did NOT photograph -RRB- , they have fine print that reads , `` Warning
 This stuff does not work at all ! My grandson tried to make one of those tabletop volcanoes and it just melted his project . He got an ` F ' , got kicked out of school , plus the bomb squad , the fire department , HAZMAT and the sherriff dept all showed up at the same time . This is not worth the trouble !
 after reading reviews on what a great product it was , and no mention of gluten whatsoever , I thought , `` What the hell ? '' and ordered some.it shipped quickly and arrived just as they said it would in such a cute little can.I coated some catfish and panfried it.it was DELICIOUSBUTI havent felt well since . This is a SERIOUS trigger for celiac symptoms GOOD LORD , the bowel problems alone , its bad enough practically living in the bathroom but when you add mutating skin -LRB- though i think the green spots are kind of interesting -RRB- and bleeding out the eyes , it 's just INTOLERABLE.I have sent complaint letters to the manfacturer and to amazon with no satisfaction whatsoever . The seller wont reply to me , and amazon just keeps saying that per third party seller agreements , I need to take it up with them .
 I purchased this uranium ore several week ago , and nowhere on the package did it say anything about not using it as a f flavor enhancer , like salt or paprika , and I 'm starting to feel a little funny . Has anyone else had this experience ? I 'm not sure whether or not I ought to go to the doctor .
 Uranium ore is process intensive . I suggest forgoing this product and buying the yellow cake instead . I understand Iraq has a large quantity for sale , at reasonable prices . Do n't tell the USA , they are still looking for it . They will never think to look on Amazon .
 I mixed this with Tuscan Whole Milk , 1 Gallon , 128 fl oz like chocolate milk and i got a tooth ache . Turns out My teeth were a little loose and almost falling out . Not sure what the correlation is , but I think it has hidden corn syrup . Plus it tastes a little gritty .
 This is a sample of uranium-238 , not the much rarer uranium-235 that I was led to believe after visiting the vendor 's website . If you want uranium-235 or uranium-234 , you need to look elsewhere . On a side note , Images SI does have other radioactive materials for sale on their website . I was particularly pleased to find some cesium-137 . Be warned that it costs more than the uranium however.To the reviewers who talk about making explosive devices using this as fuel -- good luck . You are looking for plutonium-239 , not uranium-238 . Unless you have a nuclear reactor in your basement , this sample is n't going to be of much help to you .
 I bought this a few days ago as I read a canine training book that said Uranium Ore heightened canine intelligence . Since my family does n't have a Geiger counter , we figured we 'd just be safe if we kept the uranium in an airtight tupperware container with some used pencil lead . I placed the uranium ore under my standard poodle 's makeshift bed and left it there for about six months . Lo and behold , our poodle figured out barking at nothing was illogical ! Hence , since I saw the success and always wanted to have long , in-depth discussions with my poodle on American policy , I left the ore there for another six months . She now has six arms and still does n't talk.I would give this .00000000001 star , but that 's not possible . What a useless item .
 I bought this Uranium Ore thinking , as anyone , `` Wow what a great item . Sure to really cover my needs . '' I bought this item in hopes of a better seasoning in my meals . Which usually dont have as much flavor as you would expect . It arrived on my doorstep precisely at the scheduled time , in full packaging and just waiting to be opened . I was so excited because then I would finally be able to show it to my family , so I took into the kitchen to open it . Then it hit me . The headache was so immense that I had to sit down . Which was when I realized that I was much taller than before . I looked down ... . drops of blood , my blood !! My gums were bleeding !! I couldnt figure out what was going on ! Taller than normal , gums bleeding and now a new symptom . I can see through walls . I have to admit , this is pretty cool , but it really is n't right . At this point I am so confused . I wish I knew what this craziness was . I thought that maybe the Uranium would help because not one single doctor wanted to come near me ! So I just started eating chuncks of the ore . And to this day I am growing taller and more different than ayone I have ever met . Would someone please tell me what I did wrong and why this is happening to me ? Please !!!
 I ate the whole thing and it tasted funny and now I feel funny and sometimes I lose control of my finghersda ' ; jaf -LSB- sdij but mostly I 'm okay I guess . What I 'm trying to say is that this candy is terrible .
 After the 200 jars of your uranium ore arrived at my home . A heavily armed S.W.A.T team tossed in a few tear gas canisters and broke down my front door . Thankfully , they have WIFI here at Guantanamo . I hear my wife will be getting out of the hospital soon and my kitty kat will be fetching tear gas canisters in heaven now . All of my new friends do n't speak a word of english but the weather is nice here . Thanks Amazon.com and thank you Department of Homeland Security !
 Normally I prefer to not leave negative reviews , but this time around I 'm going to make an exception ... I must admit ... I , like any other mid 30 's fun loving American was practically overcome with joy at the prospect of owning my own can of Uranium Ore. . In fact , I responded much the way any of you would upon laying eyes on the listing within Amazon for the first time
 I purchased this product to enhance my physique . Specifically , the nethers . I applied it just as it said on the label , `` rub judiciously to area desired to enlarge '' . and I waited . And waited . And waited . The best effect I received was a warm glowing that my girlfriend found unnerving , though illuminating . Overall , this product did not work as well as the pumps or pills that I buy from spam emails . Would not buy this product again unless my Geiger counter needs to be calibrated . which it never does . because i do n't own one .
 The other day when I decided to rid the planet of the pestilence that is humanity , my first idea was an orbital death ray . But they 're ridiculously expensive -LRB- shipping alone would consume the annual budget of a Third-World country -RRB- , require an army of lab-coated minions to operate , and are no longer available on Amazon.Then I stumbled on uranium ore . Just the thing
 After ordering 17,897 units of this product I was very disappointed to find I still did n't have enough Uranium for my project.Several of my lead researchers advised me that I would need at least need another 500,000 units to go ahead with my ` final solution . ' I was so angry at this news I had four of them beheaded . Now I am left with one clumsy scientist and 17,897 units of low grade Uranium which are of absolutely no use to anyone.Not only that , the Uranium you see sold above is of low grade and I would not recommend it to anyone looking to blow up a small to medium sized country off the Mediterranean sea.If you want my advice , contact the Russians.Since doing so I have never looked back . Allahu Akbar !
 I bought the uranium and thought it 'd be fun to put it in the microwave . DO NOT MICROWAVE URANIUM . There was a blinding white light and the next thing I know , I woke up on the Island from the TV show `` Lost . '' It took me 6 months to convince that jerk Ben Linus to give me the coordinates to get back and write this review .
 I ordered this product under the assumption that it was a generic version of Rogaine . I anxiously awaited its arrival so that I could at long last grow Adonis-like golden tresses upon my far too barren scalp . It was a happy day when the product arrived , and my elation was further heightened by the kindness of the Amazon employees who thoughtfully shipped it in a plain lead wrapper to spare me the potential embarrassment of my mail delivery person or neighbors learning of the humiliating personal problem I had bought this topical ointment to deal with.I unwrapped it and quickly applied the product to my pate , then sat back in front of the bathroom mirror to witness the glorious restoration of my long lost locks , eagerly anticipating my impending enjoyment of the experience of having women swoon upon the sight of me and fall at my feet in adoration . You can imagine my horror , then , when far from experiencing the return of youthful lustrous hair , I instead watched what little peach fuzz I still possessed rapidly fall from my body , leaving me utterly hairless from head to toe . Now I resemble nothing so much as one of those aliens the military captured and quarantined in Area 51 , NM , albeit with considerably more wrinkles and stomach paunch.Chastened and angered , I disposed of the remaining product in my wife 's compost bin . As a result , her garden even grows during the dead of winter in Fairbanks , AK , when temperatures plunge to -50 . She thinks this is wonderful and wants to give this product five stars , but because I despise Brussels sprouts , and because the Brussels sprouts she harvested in February were larger than our house , I find myself even further appalled by the side effects of this incompetently manufactured generic version of a critical medication that has saved mankind much grief and suffering.Having learned my lesson , I will forthwith always buy the name brand versions of all my medications despite the extra cost , and plan on returning upon receipt the generic Viagra I recently ordered from Amazon which is marketed under the brand nameAccoutrements Yodelling Pickle.A much wiser and far more cautious consumer I shall forevermore be .
 Within minutes of placing my order I heard the sound of choppers overhead . Before I could even stand up to look outside a canister of tear gas came shooting through my infant child 's bedroom window . The first team that entered came down from the roof , causing $ $ thousands of dollars of damage to my roof . The second team that came in through the basement decapitated my schnauzer as soon as they entered the house . The third team , entering violently through the front door , tazered my children as they played a game of Risk on the dining room table . Immediately upon being tazered the twins both started having convulsions and pooping themselves . They were dead within minutes . By the time they knocked down my office door one of the deputy 's was already done with my wife.I was immediately gagged , tied , and blinded with a dark bag over my head . I felt a blunt force hit my head and the next thing I remember I was in a cage.I 'll spare you the details about the days , months , years of torture , pain , darkness , and solitude.I just hope this message gets to you . So that you will make sure that you never order this item from amazon . Do not open this box , my friend . Save yourselves.I just wish somebody could smuggle me in this : Back to the Future
 Using my training from derpaderpastan , I set out to weaponize this material . The material was of very poor quality , and simply not fissible -LRB- that 's the technical term for it -RRB- . I was eventually able to get what I needed on ebay , and I received a great discount on a Uranium + Plutonium bundle . The Ayatollah Qaqamanie is going to be very pleased.p.s.Hello CIA/NSA : - -RRB-
 I take a good dollop of Uranium ore and I spread it around my toast every morning . It tastes great , never mind a few `` side effects '' -LRB- I often ignore that third eye on my forehead or the small stump on my back that 's growing into a tail -RRB- , and I always have some in stock . However , When I went on Ebay or Craigslist , I was horrified . There was no more Uranium Ore in stock . Screaming in terror , because I had nothing else to spread around my toast , I was as desperate as ever for Uranium Ore. . My last resort was to go to Amazon and purchase some Uranium Ore. . Thankfully , there was some in stock , so I bought it as quickly as possible . -LRB- My toast was getting blue and fuzzy by now -RRB- When it arrived , it came with several men in hazard-proof suits , carrying the container with mithril-plated gloves . They had me sign several forms and inspected my house , which is when I forcibly took the Uranium Ore from them , and shut my doors . I heated up a new piece of toast , and was happy to use this Uranium Ore. . It tasted chalky , smudgy , and bitter , very unlike the delicious ore I find on other sites . I put it through the garbage disposal , and tried to forget about it forever . Several hours later , I 'm hearing about some `` Explosive disaster in local waste treatment company in Chicago , IL '' on the news . I go back to sleep , and call it a day . Now , I wake up , with a tiny , blue , crying face growing out of my kneecap . I find this to be the worst Uranium Ore I have ever encountered in my life .
 I bought this stuff in an effort to jack up the performance of my step through Honda 90 . I was tired of getting whooped by mopeds . When the product arrived the UPS guy did n't look familiar and neither did his 3 strip searching , Patriot Act citing buddies . In the future I 'll remember not to keep large amounts of fertilizer on hand as well as short pieces of black pipe . I also regret my decision to go for the ZZ Top look . On the more positive side , the weather at Gitmo is great ! They do n't let us out much , but it never seems to rain here . They do give us some `` monitored '' internet time .
 I got some of this stuff to cover myself with during Halloween . I thought it would be cool to walk around glow in the dark.Instead the day before Christmas I got diagnosed for cancer of everything and I 've got -LSB- ... -RSB- less for chemotherapy treatments -LRB- great , more radiation -RRB- since I ca n't return this can of death.On a happy note , my wife just found out she was pregnant . I hope our kid does n't have two heads and ten arms . Well , if the baby does maybe we can send it to India where it will be worshiped as a god .
 I ordered this product to do some tests on huma - I mean NON-human subjects , and would n't you know , the container broke open mid-shipping . I opened the box it was shipped in and the Uranium flooded my arms and entered my blood stream . I have already grown six new arms , as well as four new legs . You read right , I have fourteen limbs.What was left in the container I used in my experiment , and it FAILED ! Now I have to find a burial site.DO NOT BUY !
 I 'm always up for trying new low calorie snacks , especially sugar-free ores . But this one is just bitter and awful . They should be ashamed calling this a snack food ! Plus , it gave me Cancer .
 I stuck my balls in the uranium a day after it arrived and 1 week later they sprouted legs and began to try to run away.It 's week 4 and im down to one ball and i have to carry it around in a cage : /
 These guys have really gone downhill in the last fifteen years . I tried several times to play this disc in my CD player , and when it did n't take , only after I wiped off the data side with my TWM t-shirt did I get any sound at all.Man , this band should have stuck with its original sound from 1985 .
 After receiving my can o ore I just cant help but to think it could use a little cowbell .
 I bought it ... I used it ... It dosent work ... I dont want to talk about it because Just talking about it makes me angry ... and you wouldnt like me when Im angry .
 Tried to refine and sell to Osama bin Laden -LRB- HA you thought he was dead , did n't you ? -RRB- . He tested it and the purity of the refined metal was a measly 48.773 % . Only enough to decimate about 40 square miles .
 I bought this stuff to power my Delorian on a trip back to 1955 . All went well until I got there . At first I was shocked it had all been used up on one trip but then I thought , `` my bad , it was -50 years I was travelling , I 'll just order some more '' . I was horrified to discover that they would not deliver to 1955 . When I rang the phone number for the company there seemed to be a Chinese Laundry at the other end and they said they had never heard of Amazon and had no Uranium ore . I hate to think what might have happened if I had n't known that there would be a lightning strike that would provide the 1.21 gigawatts I needed to get home.Good product , poor customer service .
 I bought this product because I heard from my Native American friends that it promotes vivid dreams . I have used it under my pillow for three weeks and no luck so far , though most of my hair has fallen out and my teeth are loose .
 I have been using this product -LRB- well , I bought about a hundred of them -RRB- , and I still have not gotten my super-powers . Is there anyway the manufacturer can send me some info and maybe a timeline as to how long this is supposed to take ? I have these bits duct tape all over my body , but all I 'm getting is an annoying rash and these weird lumps on my head and testicles . I hope this does n't mean I 'm getting some lame ass unicorn powers , because the one lump is on the side of my head and that would look bloody silly to have a Power Horn there . Not to mention I 'll have to do some severe work on my jockey shorts if the horns sprout there.Am I just supposed to leave the uranium by another creature and then let it bite me , like what happened to that annoying Parker kid down the street ? I was wondering because I put one in my aquarium because the light broke last week and now the sponge at the bottom has teeth . I really do n't want any sort of sucking powers , simply because I do n't need the hassle at Justice League meetings , but if that 's what I got ta do , I 'll do it . Again , I worry about the lumps in my groin , as I really ca n't see scrotally-activating powers as being marketable.Can someone send me a link as to what my next step should be ?
 I no recommend this product for mad scientist , evil overlord , enemy 's of James Bonds or little girls . Is too expensive and too small for building even small nuclear device much less power global death beam . I have brother Pavel that sell three times as much for half price . Come to Minsk and go to `` Lenin 's Tomb '' bar in the east side of town , talk to Boris the bartender and tell him the password `` Borscht '' , he will let you in basement . Walk to second freezer , inside is Pavel 's office . Cash only .
 Do not be fooled by this product . I bought this along with four terrapins and a rat -LRB- since I couldnt lay my hands on a warthog and a rhino -RRB- . I rubbed this product into my skin and gums then rolled around with the terrapins and the rat.Long story short I did NOT end up with my own crime-fighting mutant superhero team . The rat bit me and I crushed the terrapins . Also I now have a strange rash and Im coughing up blood , whats up with that?Avoid .
 I contacted the seller to order the 2000 Tons I would need for my , er ... project , and inquired about a shipping discount for larger quantities.Not only will the seller not offer any sort of bulk discount , they insist on shipping all orders at advertised unit size and in the pictured can!I 'm going back to the Parking Lot Libyans . At least they wo n't up-charge you to repackage for bulk purchases ; and THEY offer Free Delivery to any mall within 50 miles of your house .
 My fellow scientists and I bought this to do some Anti-Mass Spectrometry experiments . Before leaving , the delivery man told us to prepare for unforeseen consequences for some odd reason , but we dismissed it . I mean , if he knew anything about science , he would n't be delivering packages , right ? He also did n't seem to know English very well because he spoke in quite an odd manner . When we opened it , we discovered it was n't actually uranium but some unknown crystalline substance . We figured this was even better because we were all tired of the same old tests over and over -LRB- it 's not like something different was going to happen every single time we tested uranium -RRB- . This was a chance for something new . So we went ahead with the test.Big mistake.Our Anti-Mass Spectrometer is completely destroyed along with much of our facility . These ... things ... are teleporting in from God knows where and attacking everyone . A small creature attached itself to Johnson 's cranium and would n't let go . We had to put him down . Please . Someone help us . I hear this free guy or whoever is trying to reach the surface , but he 's no match for these creatures . He 's a scientist.Oh wait , I 've just been informed that the military is coming to save us all . Thank God . We should try this again sometime with better equipment now that we know how strongly it will react . Well , I better wrap this up so I 'm ready to get escorted out of here by the friendly soldiers . 5 stars for the possibilities and the speedy delivery but -3 for all the trouble it caused -LRB- and the odd deliveryman -RRB- .
 I purchased this product because I wanted to make a 5 megaton bomb to impress my neighbors at our fourth of July barbecue . Unfortunately , when all was said and done , I was embarrassed when the yield was less than 500 kt . No birds on fire , no boiling rivers , nothing.I want my money back !
 Very pleased with the price ... and then I tested it . Might be a batch problem but my sample was only able to generate 1.20 gigawatts .
 DISCONTINUE USE and SEEK IMMEDIATE MEDICAL ASSISTANCE if you are experiencing an erection lasting more than 3 months after utilizing this product.It has been 2,640 hours and 23 minutes and counting after I had liberally applying this product to my male reproductive glands and I have regretted every moment since then . I have n't been able to leave my house without great embarrassment from my present predicament . Over the past 3 months I have experienced everything from casual glances , boorish comments from random strangers , clothes not fitting properly , and I have n't been able to play my pinball machine since this event ; not to mention even the medical symptoms such as hair loss , irritability , inability to sleep or exercise , lack of concentration , night farts , blurred vision , sweaty palms , green aurora around my testicles , and gratuitous thoughts of Betty White . It feels like high school all over again.BUYER BE WARNED ...
 I think this product should be recalled , specifically because it 's packaging looks too much like Skinny & Sweet . I mean there 's a big radilogical symbol on the side , but I thought that jut meant it tasted really good . I put some in my bosses coffee , and well ... he 's dead now . luckily I only confided this fact with my friends in the women 's room.After checking the stalls first.I mean , I 'm not an idiot . I don ' ; t want word of this getting around or anything , Anyway , recall the stuff , make new packaging and I wo n't have to go stealing bodies from the morgue.Not that ... I. . . stole a body or anything like that .
 I purchased this product in order to eat it and use the radioactive powers gained to rob a local bank , bringing me into conflict with my nemesis , the thunder god Thor . By the time it kicked in , it was 4:50 and by the time I got over to the bank in the Decatur Street traffic the furgin bank was closed . I tried to melt my way in but no go and my stomach was starting to hurt . I turned to the heavens and screamed out , `` ThoooOOOORRRR !!! '' And I thought the clouds parted but I guess not . So I got in my car and drove over to , well , it was going to be Denny 's but I quickly realized that the emergency room was a better bet . The doctor there did n't know how to summon Thor and honestly , I was not really up to fighting him by that time . My midsection was purple as a eggplant and I had about a thousand IV tubes in me . Anyway long story short , I died , and I found that none of the religions really got it right . No light or tunnel , no old guy with a gray beard , no reincarnation . It was like one of those long anterooms at a movie theatre when you superhave to take a leak . I looked around all over for Asgard and it took like , six months to get there and , long story short , Thor was n't even there . You may want to try the -LSB- ... -RSB- douche syringe instead .
 Every time I try and use this , the Libyans show up and steal my DeLorean .
 Three days after receiving this uranium , all seemed well , only now , every day I come home from work , I ca n't seem to figure out if I have a cat . Weird .
 When I first picked up Uranium Ore for my son 's science project , he wanted to make a nuclear reactor , so in his three wolf moon t-shirt , he worked tiredly at it.He picked up a spoonful of Uranium ore powder and dropped it on his three wolf moon t-shirt , the moon on the shirt started to glow and the wolves eyes turned red , and a cloud of smoke and lightning picked up items around his room , makaing them into a reactor . When he stepped out of our house with his three wolf moon t-shirt and reactor in tow , women immediatly started to crowd him , but quickly bled to death from the radiation exposue . He was appearently a walking corpse form the dead at this point , seeing he wore no NBC suit and had no teeth . The three wolf moon t-shirt kept luring the women to my son , and they started dying in piles . He won first place , however , but some guys showed up in suits and took him to some place called `` gitmo '' . It sounds like some sort of tropical island so im sure that was his prize from the fair . We ca n't visit or call him though , and I need to tell him that we ar n't allowed within 15 miles of our town , Pros
 I live in Iraq and I purchased this a while ago . Now , I am in Guantanamo Bay and they are using the Uranium I bought here as evidence to convict me of WMD 's . Great product but if you are live or are somehow Middle Eastern affiliated , do n't buy it . Bush will have you locked up and molested like they did me . Be WARNED !!!
 I thought it would add more Yellow Flavor to myDuncan Hines Classic Yellow Cake Mix . I added six canisters of Uranium Ore but maybe it was n't enough . My cake just did n't improve . It did n't taste like much but the inside of my mouth & my throat have turned an acidic , bile-y yellow & viscous tendrils of black esophagus have been spewing out when I cough.I would not recommend this product to any stay-at-home moms or 30-minute chefs looking to add a little something to theirSweet 'N Low Yellow Cake MixorWomen 's Bean Project Golden Cornbread Mix.As a saffron substitute it certainly saves $ $ $ but your dinner party guests will know you 're a cheapskate ! Save yourself from the shame by choosing high-quality spices over cheap imitation Uranium !
 Are you serious ? I bought this as a gift for my ex-wife . I selected the gift wrap option , but when she got it , she told me the wrapping paper was missing . When she opened up the tin , there was nothing inside . What the heck are you trying to pull here ?! I want my money back.Side note ... My other ex-wife received hers in good order .
 Ungainly shape and small size proved to cause wet hands and canoe actually seemed to go slower . I 'm not sure if there 's any connection , but there were a lot dead fish floating on the way back . Very bad ore .
 I am an evil scientist and as such wish very badly to rule the world . I bought this product , in fact I bought 3 of this product , in the hopes that it would help , but as you may have noticed I am not your overlord . If the half-pound of Plutonium I have recently ordered does not make the governments cower in fear then I 'll probably give up and try to become a grain farmer .
 It did little more than power a death star , so I returned it to the Earth forces ... DO NOT BUY !
 I 'm very disappointed ! I thought this was top rated radioactive material . I bought this product for the whole `` radioactive spider thing '' . Well it did n't work . Instead they grew out of control ate my kids , maimed my neighbors , escaped to the city to reek havoc . I can only imagine the lawsuit I will be facing . Well lesson learned you get what you pay for ... . Do n't buy this product you will be disappointed . Stan Lee is full of shit!I would have given it a negative star rating if it was possible .
 I am a field operative with the Russian FSB , the KGB 's successor agency . My department concerns itself with neutralizing outspoken critics of President Vladimir Putin , Russian emigr&eacute;s being of particular interest . We 've found that when peppering someone 's dinner with a toxic , highly radioactive metalloid , polonium is of unsurpassed excellence . However , recent budget cuts have forced us to use this cheaper , less durable uranium ore from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Buyer beware
 I added some of this to my protein shake to give me MOAR power . I have n't seen any benefits yet , unless you count growing a tail . I mean , do n't get me wrong , the tail gives me better balance ... but baby , I need power .
 This product bad for you , dont buy , it no work . I will buy all left over to bury away to protect all world .
 if I ca n't purify the stuff and get at least 2-3 pounds of fissionable u-235 what good is it to me ... I ask you ? I just want to put in a swimming pool - admittedly a BIG one in a certain country that has a name that is made up of 4 letters and the first one is a vowel . BUT HEY what the heck . Just kidding
 This product is terrible because my whole family was infected by it when my daughter spread it on the thanksgiving turkey
 I did n't buy this from Amazon but the other seller took forever to send it so I 'm giving it 1 star.I gave it another star for the frustration free packaging .
 Leave this product along ! Buy a better prooven product from Ukraine ! It has been tested at 26 April of 1986 and has been prooven to work perfectly for decades ! Even better , you can go to Chernobyl/Ukrain and for a small fee you can get into reactor # 4 and choose your own rock !!!
 My husband was assured by a certain group of scientists that this would make his hair grow back so we immediately bought several containers . His hair grew alright ... on his back , on the soles of his feet and I wo n't even go into details about the fact that he 'll never be able to wear swim trunks out in public again . His head , however , remains bald . To add insult to injury , now I 've started growing a moustache and I 've never even used it .
 Oratory ingestion is not recommended . I decided to eat some of my Uranium last week and experienced some unwanted side-effects . I now go by the name General Zorg AND YOU SHALL BOW DOWN TO ME AND MY MUTANT POWERS !!!
 I purchased this product used and was deeply disappointed with its performance
 Imagine my dismay when I , much like a wide-eyed little girl on Christmas Day , eagerly unscrewed the cap to my very first container of Uranium Ore only to discover ... that it had millipedes crawling around in it . Hundreds of them . And they 're all radioactive , so of course they 're each about as big as my cat . And with TWICE the legs . No thanks to you , Uranium Ore Inc , I have to knit god knows how many millipede snow booties . I mean ... I have to . They 're my pets now . They 'll probably vomit radioactive bile all over me if I do n't appease them.Plus , as soon as I got this thing in the mail , the Libyans were all over me . And I got ta knit snow booties for THEM now .
 I have -LRB- or had I should say -RRB- a 20 year old Silverback Gorilla named Mr. Banana - quite an intriguing specimen , actually , always curious and always wanting to learn -LRB- I should have named him `` Curious George LOL ! -RRB- Anyways , one night while we browsed the internet together in our matching pair of red silk pajamas -LRB- our Saturday night tradition , you see -RRB- Mr. Banana went bananas ! -LRB- LOL -RRB- I went over to his laptop to see what he was looking at -LRB- he has his own laptop , of course -RRB- I saw he had somehow navigated off Dancingbananas.edu and on to this page . He excitedly clapped his hands together and gestured to me `` Want '' and `` Now . '' At first I ignored him , but after he put me in a sleeper hold I was obliged to purchase it for him.After an extensive series of background investigations with the FBI we were approved for our very own container of Uranium Ore ! Mr. Bananas was tickled pink -LRB- or tickled yellow I should say , LOL -RRB- and 3 weeks later we recieved our package ! Mr. Bananas was so excited he nearly mauled the Postmaster!We opened it on the spot - Mr. Banana being the rascal he is naturally ate it . It was then it dawned on me he thought it was just a pretty banana . He kept signing `` Shiny , '' `` Yummy , '' and `` Pretty '' all before he began looking ill . Then it was constant `` Mistake , '' `` Poison , '' `` Not shiny ! `` Figuring he was being his usual devilish self I kissed him goodbye and proceeded to go on my 3 month vacation to the Swiss Alps . Upon my return all that was left was a skeleton ! I am positive he did not starve since Mr. Banana knew full well how to acquire food via -LSB- ... -RSB- , therefore , I must conclude that this Uranium Ore killed my Gorilla!I am currently pursuing legal action to have a label placed on this product for all future Gorilla owners - `` WARNING
 They actually included uranium ore in the Gilbert chemistry set I got for X-mas in the mid - ' 50 &#8217; s. Plus - a sealed magnifying eye-piece into which we junior scientists could peer to see &#34; the atomic disintegration of radium . &#34; Being junior scientists , we naturally tore apart the eyepiece to see what the radium looked like . Then we went outside to run through the DDT fog behind the mosquito sprayers . Mom said it &#34; probably was n't good for us . &#34;
 This did n't power up my bomb , me , or anything else around here for that matter . I mean come on!It 's radioactive , it 's not radioactive , I 'm radioactive , you 're radioactive . . I do n't know , YOU figure it out !
 I went through the trouble of opening several amazon.com accounts and USPS PO Boxes under various aliases throughout my greater metro area just to purchase massive quantities of this product . I also went through the trouble of erecting a large surface-to-air missile silo on some of the land behind my compound . When I finally got the tracking emails that all my Uranium finally arrived , I drove all over town , collecting my packages , giddy with anticipation at finally arming my homemade nuclear warhead . It was n't until I finally made it back to my underground bunker and started ripping into all the shipping packages that I finally realized my error
 I was very disappointed to have my uranium confiscated at the airport . It was a gift for my son for his birthday . Also , I 'm in prison now , so that 's not good either .
 Homesick for planet Dagobah I am . Fuel for my spaceship I need . Bought this product last year I did . -LRB- To raise the funds , many years of signing autographs at Geek conferences it took me . -RRB- Hundreds of containers I purchased . Melted them I did , fuel rods to make . But , sadly , power my ship they would not . Too low-grade . So for the foreseeable future , stuck here on Earth I remain .
 This product does n't work as well as I would have hoped . I kept three cans in a terrarium with my 4 pet turtles for two years -LRB- starting when they were 11 -RRB- . Today , while they are definitely teenagers , they completely lack the following : - Any kind of karate skills-Prounounced valley accent-Tendency to fight crime-Dislike of my paper shredderThere may have been an effect , however , as three of my turtles now seem to enjoy pizza .
 My child has a severe peanut allergy , and I want to know if it is safe to feed Uranium Ore to him . They really should put a label on this stating one way or another . I called the manufacturer , but they acted like I was crazy for even asking . They must not have kids , otherwise they would understand . I mean , even if this Uranium Ore was processed on equipment used to process peanuts , it could be dangerous for my boy . He 's very allergic .
 So after reading the myriad of reviews that the kind members of the Amazon community have placed here for my enjoyment , I decided to bite the bullet , as it were , and buy my own.Firstly , lets look at the delivery process . The delivery was super duper quick , and within minutes of me clicking the ` Buy ' button a tall Iraqi fellow with a weird looking ragged hat on his head was at my doorstep ; the transaction was as swift as it was legitimate ! I simply handed over the ten billion doubloons and my two young virgin daughters and from under his ragged waistcoat he pulled the goods . He asked for a copy of my passport for validation purposes , but it seemed very legitimate.Upon receiving the goods I placed them into the fuel compartment of my radioactive top secret nuclear priv8_src 0day mass time travel weapon of mass destruction with lasers , and before I knew it In West Philadelfia born and raised . On the playground where I spent most of my days . Chilling out , maxing , relaxing all cool . And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school . When a couple of guys said ` we 're up in no good ' . Started making trouble in my neighbourhood . I got in one little fight and my mom got scared . And said ` you 're moving with your aunt and uncle in Bel-Air ' I begged and pleaded with her the other day . But she packed my suitcase and sent me on my way . She gave me a kissin ' and she gave me my ticket . I put my walkman on and said I might as well kick it!First class , yo this is bad , Drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass . Is this what the people of Bel-Air livin ' like , Hmm this might be alright!I whistled for a cab and when it came near the . Licensplate said ` Fresh ' and had a dice in the mirror . If anything I could say that this cab was rare . But I thought now forget it , yo home to Bel-AirI pulled up to a house about seven or eight . And I yelled to the cabby ` Yo , home smell you later ' . Looked at my kingdom I was finally there . To settle my throne as the prince of Bel-Air .
 Given the Iranian Islamic Mullahs truly believe God chose them to murder billions of infidels with Uranium 235 warheads in a surreptitious-triggered global thermonuclear war . -LRB- Parthians kill one third of human race-Rev 9:18 -RRB- These uranium comments are a tad bit inappropriate . Do n't ya think folks ?
 WHAT THE H E L L !!!!????!!???!?!?!? uhm hello people this is a serious item !!!! ... let 's see portable nukes the size of oh i do n't know , say you 're lap top or maybe the new kindle where you can get `` how to be a terrorist '' as a download ... WHAT ARE YOU PEOPLE THINKING !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've never been so disappointed in all my life . I thought this was an advert for a mail order bride from the Ukraine . Imagine my surprise on receiving a cream that makes your testicles glow green in a dark room . I do n't see the point in it really . I mean , green testicles ? Why ? I really must wear my glasses next time I shop on Amazon.If anyone would like to buy this off me , give me a yell . Willing to do a part-exchange for a Ukrainian mail-order bride .
 I wecently bought this item to destwoy the wite devil and our brothers from the south . My father died twying to harness the powar of my good fwend Uranium and it 's twusted allies plutonium and the very special kwyptonite . We heard that Tony Stark and Cwarke Kent came to attack our gworious countwy , we sent wockets glorious weapons of mass destwuction , we attacked a man called Doctor Jones my son short wound was his twusted ally against our arch nemisis the Thuggee Cuwtist they twied to say that Kim Jong Il was nothing but a panda in a man suit who hated the sardines , we do not hate the sardines we love all fish tuna and the ferwocious tuna fish . I digress my wockets failed in my undegwound bunker and now communism shall fall tank you so so so much Mr. America we join South Kowea and become Kowea . we shall dance to that fat man until our ankles are sore . Goodbye my beauties Kim Jong-Un xxx
 This ore is n't too active . It only has 433 counts a minuate . This a ripoff , double the price you can buy high grade uranium ore off of ebay that emits 130,000 counts This ore is barley radioactive . You can find watch hands more radioactive watch hands insted . -LSB- ... -RSB- / the ore here is a joke .
 So one of my best friends has some rats . Also a snake . I had this with me at the time I visited her . I was deciding on which animal to feed it to . I thought about the snake . Then thought about that scene from `` Aladdin '' , and i was n't about to get killed by no mutant snake . I mixed some of this in with the rat food , and a little bit more with their water for good measure . Boy was I wrong . I 'd love to stay and write more , but the giant rat attacks , you understand ...
 I 've owned my can of Uranium Ore for over four years now and I have to tell you , this is not my favorite product from Amazon.com . I experienced several problems once my Uranium arrived at the house and in the last few months I 've noticed some more serious issues.The initial problems I encountered upon opening my can were nausea and vomiting . I 've vomited before so I was n't too worried .36 hours later I developed a severe fever , and my hair started to fall out in clumps . I 've got to tell you , this bothered me quite a bit but unfortunately , it took me a while to connect my loss of hair to the can of Uranium Ore I 'd purchased.When I began to vomit again , for the second time in four days , I noticed that my vomit had changed and that there was blood in my vomit . When I began to poop blood , I knew I had a problem.I called my mom and asked her what she thought I should do and she told me to get rid of the Uranium Ore , so I flushed it down the toilet . Not paying close attention , I had n't noticed that the can did n't quite make it all the way down the toilet but had lodged itself at the bottom right out of eyesight . This was to have huge consequences ... But these I leave to you so that I do n't ruin all of your surprises when you buy Uranium Ore. .
 It does n't work ! When I fit it into my warhead right next to the pulse emitter , It did nothing when I hit the button ! If you need High quality stuff for use in the south , do not buy this . I would recommend the good ol' fashioned C-4 and a few spec ops for your demo-needs .
 I do n't know why Amazon chose to package it using their standard cardboard boxes . I never even received this package , but what I DID receive was several FBI agents knocking on my door wondering why the UPS driver died half way to my house . I thought UPS outfits protected them from this sort of thing ? More importantly , I never got my package . Which is a shame , I ordered some nice looking bottled water with it that is apparently from some fresh springs in northern Canada . Guess the UPS people will be drinking THAT , too . Two stars because the bottle looks nice . I might see if the feds will give it to me so I can put some scented candles in there or something . My UPS driver always said to look on the bright side of life , so I guess I will . Rest his soul .
 I run a secret nuclear facility for a country that would prefer to go nameless . Imagine our surprise when we got our Uranium into the lab and realized it wasnt ' t the ENRICHED uranium . Sure , this stuff is good for an acetate or practical jokes , but if you need to make some high grade plutonium you better look elsewhere . I 'd like to say this products poor review does not refect upon Amazon at all . With the sactions in full effect -LSB- ... -RSB- is about the only way for us to get our materials into the country . Their delivery to the desert is top notch.Oh and ... Death to America .
 I buy for project , we make great reactor ! Suddenly reactor turns too hot , big explosion ! Now city is destroyed and horror movie is made about place ... Worst of all we make Sweden angry ! They say we give them radioactive animals ! Is lie , we only contaminate little bit of Russia ! I put picture of result in customer images . Not happy with this .
 I ordered 6 of these to make a bomb so that I could blackmail humanity for $ 1,000,000,000 . It arrived no problem . However , I called the customer service number to find out how I could have it refined and enriched and they told me they only sold the ore . I asked if they had any suggestions at all , and the girl snaps , `` Try Iran ! '' Are you kidding me ? The cheapest flight is like $ 3000 round trip ! You can bet I 'll buy my Uranium Ore from a more customer service oriented company next time .
 My wife and I purchased this product for the expressed purpose of breeding an atomic superman . After a daily regimen of ingesting a tablespoon of this powder mixed with green tea along with her prenatal vitamins , my wife developed serious morning sickness and perished during childbirth.After clawing his way out of my wife 's dead body , young Yog-Sothoth was promptly hacked to death by a scalpel-happy OB/GYN . That 's HMO care for you!Please avoid this product if you , like us , are seeking to defy God 's natural order by creating a demonic superhuman demigod .
 I had high expectations for this product , as overall , I have been very satisfied with the variety of products I 've purchased on Amazon in the past . Thus my disapointment with this one.First off , my kids say it has a `` chalky '' aftertaste -LRB- whatever that means - kids !!! -RRB- . Add to that , it really does n't appear to soothe ANYTHING on a baby as far as I can tell , and most frustratingly , well , all I can say is that compared to other animal feeds , this produces the toughest veal that I have ever eaten , bar none , when it 's not fighting your fork.And I 've noticd anothere curous thing , wen I am hloding the jar rel close toom my hed it mars me a little bi woozy buthet ljpopoo ' ; oo81.dbsio k
 We ordered this after reading the recommendation by A. Chalabi -LRB- `` BEST YELLOW CAKE , A + + + WOULD DO BUSINESS WITH ANYTIME !!! '' -RRB- , It arrived promptly , although the rest of the experience was a disappointment.First , the picture is misleading - although we were impressed by the nice metal baking dish and tight fitting lid , the diameter is only about ~ 4 inches across . This really was much smaller than we were expecting for the number of guests we were planning to serve.The next problem was that despite the nice container , the cake inside was dry and rock hard , with a lot of crumbs.This could have been a major disaster as we live far from town and did not have enough time to get another cake before the relatives arrived . We managed to take the contents of the tin and with some extra frosting managed to make a passable birthday cake.It 's been a few months but I 'm just now getting around to writing this review since we 've had some sudden and unusual family health issues.As soon as I finish this next round of chemotherapy , I 'm going to ask Amazon for a refund.We wo n't be buying this again!We did , however , have a better experience withTuscan Whole Milk , 1 Gallon , 128 fl oz
 I bought this product some years ago and did n't open it until today , ONLY TO DISCOVER that Amazon had replaced half of it with Lead-206 . Unlike the other reviewer who lost half of his Uranium completely , I had the same mass that I ordered , only half of it had been replaced with Lead-206 , Bismuth , Radium , Thallium and a few others.This is unacceptable customer service Amazon .
 Grinding this stuff for hours only took my mining from 360-362 . Total BS . Needs moar ore . Oh well , at least it 's not as bad as the grinding I went through with Herbalism.Also , my gnome grew three inches and an extra pinky finger . Is this normal ? I 'm going to contact the manufacturer .
 A guy told me that you could soak Quaker Oats -LRB- The brand with old Barbara Bush 's picture on the front -RRB- in an alcohol solution of this stuff and feed it to the pigeons , and then when they flew out of the barn at night when you stirred them up it would make wonderful shooting stars going every which-a-way . Well , it was a * dud * !!! Then the guy told me when I saw him again and gave him hell , `` Ah ! You had that crummy U-238 ... you need U-235 ! '' But , for some reason , you ca n't get this * good * Uranium from Amazon . Why would they only sell an inferior product ??? I do n't know.But this tale actually has a happy ending -- I happened to have a pal who works at Oak Ridge , Tennessee , -LRB- a buck-toothed , moon-faced , gaping primate of a Hillbilly -RRB- , and he said , `` I 'll git ` cha all ya want ! '' And he did . And it worked ! ... well , at least it did until I came out to the barn the next day and there were dead pigeons everywhere . I wonder why they do n't use this U-235 stuff in New York City to thin 'em out some ? It works great for that . In any case , all the kids around here had lots of fun plucking out all the feathers from the dead pigeons and making Indian head-dresses ! `` There 's a silver lining in every cloud , '' as they say .
 What a total ripoff ! I ordered this 2 weeks ago and the postman never delived it . -LRB- In fact I think he quit because we have a new postman now . -RRB- If you order this make sure you choose the `` extra special handling '' shipping option .
 This does n't work at all . It came early thank goodness but after I ate the whole jar I was still constipated . The only thing it did was make my pee glow in the dark . What a rip-off !
 Do n't be fooled . I am upset I must even rate this one star . This is a substandard product . A cheap Chinese knock-off from the People 's Republic of China , no doubt . Remember when we used to make our own treacherous substances before sending all of those jobs overseas , too ? However , if you think silkworm missles are ` all that ' , maybe you would be happy with this crap , too.I think the price is way too much as well considering free cesium may soon be raining down on us all courtesy of Japan and GE .
 I 've never heard of a Uranium flavored Oreo , but thought I would give it try . Based on the taste alone , this stuff is not worth it .
 OK , I purchased this stuff for a `` friend '' who was working on a project . I did n't want to scare the wifey so I took it out of the can and placed it in a peanut butter jar because she supposedly hates peanut butter . Well , to make a long story short , I went to give the `` peanut butter '' to my friend and found out it was empty ! When I went to ask my wife what had happened to the peanut butter , she said , `` That stuff was horrible , I could barley eat a whole sandwich ! DO NOT buy that brand again . `` While I was fearful of my wife 's safety , I decided to play a wait and see game . Well , her temper has grown exponentially as has her strength ! She even swells up -LRB- she calls it bloating -RRB- and turns a nice shade of green for one week every month , during which time I must go into hiding and listen to her problems when in her presence . Last month , she wanted to cuddle while I was very tired and talk . Well I fell asleep and the next thing I know , I 'm being tossed around like a rag doll , being slammed on the floor while she screamed , `` WIFE SMASH , WIFE SMASH ! Why do n't you listen to me !? '' Yesterday , she supposedly asked me a question while I was watching a football game on TV . Well because I did n't `` hear '' her , I 'm am typing this on my smart phone from my hospital bed getting a remote removed from a certain region of my body . I want a refund and there should be a surgeon general 's warning on this stuff !
 I can only give this product one star because its description is misleading . I recently purchased a used time machine from CarMax at the local auto mall . For its age it runs great except for one flaw it 's a flex fuel -LRB- or should I say flux fuel -RRB- . For around town the batteries are great and all but if I want to go to my favorite 1950s drive-in theater , I need to at least produce 1.21 gigawatts to get there . My flux capacitor only requires a small amount of Plutonium in order to drive 88 mph through time and space . I do n't know where you come from but Plutonium is n't available in every corner drugstore . I usually purchase my Plutonium from this really nice Iranian couple at Circle K but they have since disappeared . This leaves me in quite the predicament I must say . I originally tried ordering 8 oz of Plutonium from a supply house on Ebay . I should 've known something was amiss when the seller claimed to be from Arlington , TX but the product shipped from Hong Kong . What arrived was not Plutonium but an 8 oz rock spray painted silver . So I decided to take my chances with Amazon and was looking for some Plutonium in order to make the 6:00 pm primer of ` Fire Maidens of Outer Space ' . In my veined effort , all I could find was this Uranium Ore. . Although the owner 's manual discourages the use of diesel fuel , it does not state whether or not Uranium can be used in place of Plutonium . However , the listing for the Uranium Ore includes a picture of a time machine similar to my own . I was so excited that I could use this Uranium Ore as an alternative fuel source and the price was a steal compared to what those Libyans were selling it for.Straight away I purchased this item and had it expressed overnight . Product was exactly as described but did not function as a time machine fuel source . This Uranium Ore only allows one to go 15 mph to the mailbox , which is not enough momentum for time travel . I tried contacting the seller but they seemed confused about the inner workings of a flux capacitor . I was also refused a refund because according to them I did not use the product in which it was intended . I guess I missed the part in the item description that stated this was only to be used as a radioactive paperweight . Now I 'm stuck with a hunk of Uranium Ore that barely powers my toaster .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I picked these up for 4 dollars at a local home improvement store . These gloves stood out for their comfort -- they fit very well , and provided a better range of movement than the other available cowhide gloves -- and for their price.For the past two days I have been moving heavy logs , splitting , and stacking them . Yesterday I put on a brand new pair of these gloves , and when I was done today , there were three very large rips around the thumb of the right -LRB- dominant -RRB- glove , and one large tear on the pinkie of the other glove . They were damaged to the point that they no longer provided the protection I needed for my work.I would have given these gloves 5 stars for comfort , but gloves simply need to last longer than two days . For now I will use my old gloves -LRB- thinner , less confortable -RRB- that have been put through the same kind of work for the past three years without any tears .
 first use and it snapped on me . I had a broken spark plug stuck inside a scooter . I ordered this tool to try to remove the plug . The tool broke inside and is now stuck . Will probably have to try to drill it out now . This tool may be good for small projects , but it 's useless for automotive .
 OK . . Lets face it . A broken bolt or screw is a pretty bad place to start out . I bought this set along with a more expensive bolt remover design . Neither this set nor the more expensive bolt remover design did the trick . I was able to remove the bolt the old fashion way ... by drilling through the entire bolt which takes time , effort and patience . Had i just started out with this remedy in mind , i would have saved money , time and wasted expectations . While the design of these tools may work well enough on paper ... they certainly did not work on the metal embedded bolt .
 This item was stated as new . The case was broken . The items inside were ok , but this was NOT NEW . I called the company who sold them 3 times and got an answer machine all 3 times . My calls were never returned . I will NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN and dont suggest others do either . Amazon was going to refund , but it was just for a broken case and I didnt want to bother . Just shows that the company selling is NOT a good company and should not be a representative of Amazon.com .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 What I recieved from Geroy 's was 26 gauge and was labled as such . This was useless to me . There is a big differance betwee 26 gauge and 12 gauge thickness .
 I loved the look of these and the heavy weight . Brass workings . However , the finish peeled off . I bought mine -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- at Sam 's and they had to refund my money since they did n't have anymore in stock . I had spoken with the manufactures warranty dept and they said to take them back to Sams for a replacement . That 's all they would do .
 Purchased 3 of these faucets at Sam 's club for less than $ 50 each . While installing I discovered that the waterspout does not swivel . If I had known this prior to purchase I would probably not have bought this particular fixture . Needless to say that a spout hanging this far over the sink causes some awkwardness and hazard while trying to wash ones face , either by bumping your head or scraping your hands on the spout . I called tech support at Corrego and was told the spout does not swivel and there is no accessory part that will allow it to swivel . Great looking fixture but not very practical .
 This is useless . The bit does not clear chips and does not drill a consistent width hole , narrows toward the bottom of the cut .
 I wanted an inexpensive caliper for the occasional DIY project . That is what this is , nothing more . The build quality is low . It simply does NOT feel reliable . I would not use it for anything that requires a precise measurement . I have not yet decided if I will return it or not . I need to test it for a few days .
 I returned this caliper after I saw how badly made it was . The display was fine but the adjusting knob was wobbly even when tightened . It was a big heavier than I thought it would be . I did n't like using it and would not recommend it .
 This product is not accurate at all -LRB- error is often bigger than 1mm -RRB- . It does not repeat its readings . You have to constantly reset zero . The LCD keeps flashing when measuring -LRB- even after I replaced the battery -RRB- . Total junk !
 the wheel used to move the caliper is loose . it can be adjusted , but even with the screwpin adjustment , it does not stay securely in its track , thus the caliper is INACCURATE . since I purchased this to find a relatively inexpensive way to judge the diameter of stone beads , it does not serve its purpose
 This cheap digital caliper is exactly that . The quality if horrible . The rails are very course not smooth so it jumps . The display fades in and out as the distance changes . Be sure to only measure where it wants to work , not where you need . Buy two for the people your dislike .
 These calipers by Pitbull are not the best I 've ever had . My biggest complaint is that the slider and channel are very rough and therefore are not very smooth when opening and closing them to take measurements ... got to love that metal scraping on metal sound . Also , the sticker -LRB- with the ruler -RRB- was delaminating already when I opened them.I 've bought some cheap $ 10 calipers before on Amazon and they were great , worked well for what I needed them for , smooth slider , and lasted for about 2 years before the display went haywire ... so although these are cheap , I was disappointed when comparing them to others I 've purchased for the same price .
 I have ordered two of these calipers , but not intentionally
 This caliper arrived defective , and returning it to Amazon was free and without hassle . The unit does look very nice , it 's a shame it was n't tested before being shipped . My use for this was n't for critical measuring , so it would have worked perfectly for my purposes .
 I am very disatisfied ! I purchased this as a Christmas present . We got a call 2 days later saying it did not work ! I tried to contact Apex Tools and they never returned my calls ! Now I am stuck with a product that does not work and that I can not return because no one has returned my call !
 I have thrown it to garbage after three days of use -LRB- literally -RRB- . Battery compartment cover was sliding out all the time and batterywas falling out untill I fixed it with electrical tape.Then the flat spring , which holds the sliding part of the calipershifted from its right position and unit became lose and lost `` precision '' . When I tryed fix it the depth measuring rod broke off . What a POS ... $ 18 for three days . I use Mitutoyo caliper at work for last 12 years .
 Summery
 The caliper claimed to have two batteries , but came with just one . I would like to receive the other battery .
 Right out of the box , this was the worst micrometer I have ever seen . The measurement was way off . At around 3/4 inch , the screen was showing 1 '' . It would routinely lose zero EVERY time you close it up . Even after it was zeroed , the display would continue to fluctuate and drift without me even touching the micrometer . The on/off button is useless considering the micrometer just automatically turns on constantly . Without touching it , or opening it , the micrometer would constantly turn itself on . I could not get it to stay turned off . This is the biggest piece of junk I have ever seen . Item is en-route back to amazon . You have been warned .
 This caliper would come on only if I played with the battery and held the cover by hand . I tried adjusting the battery contacts , but the same thing happened . Even when I did get it to work -LRB- briefly -RRB- the zero'ing seemed flakey at best ... it would zero , but then I 'd use it , close it , and see that it was no longer at zero . I have since returned this one -LRB- Amazon was awesome on the return , as usual -RRB- and I 'm now trying another brand , the Wixey WR100 6-Inch Digital Calipers with Fractions -LRB- sold directly by Amazon -RRB- which is more money , but hopefully better quality ... plus it does fractions which will be handy .
 Might be a good deal for the price if it worked . Mine came and it was already turned on . When I try to turn it off it does n't and actually adds to the number on the digital display . I tried the spare battery just in case this was a low battery problem and that did n't help.When I could get it to work it did appear to be accurate 80 % of the time . Sometimes though it would go out of whack.I really like the price and the product seems good , which is why I gave it 2 stars . It seems sold and I figure that I just got a bad one which is possible with any product . I 'm thinking of ordering another to see if I have better luck with the second .
 Worked well the first 2 weeks , but now the measurement occasionally jumps .200 mm , so not always to be trusted for accuracy , but for $ 11.23 , it 's about what I expected .
 ... but usually it just produces random numbers , measurements that are impossible -LRB- 22 inches ?! -RRB- . Apparently the makers are aware of this habit , as the instructions said to wipe the shaft to dry it otherwise you get crazy results ... but this unit was not wet . It started doing that right out of the box -LRB- as soon as I replaced the battery , because of course the one already installed was dead ... so much for the `` spare '' battery . -RRB- Later it started occasionally giving `` right '' answers -LRB- at least the numbers looked reasonable and when I opened it and closed it it returned to zero -RRB- but then it reverted to crazy answers . A piece of junk .
 I was skeptical of the quality of such an inexpensive caliper but I decided to try it based on the overall good reviews . When I received the calipers the quality was even worse than I was expecting . Many of the measurement surfaces were rough machined with poor surface finish and flatness . The tolerances were so loose you easily move the measuring surfaces out of parallel and even out of allignment with each other . The sliding action was very jerky and prone to binding . Any one of these issues would cause a problem with accuracy and repeatability - together they make the calipers worthless to me . Furthermore , none of the machined edges were broken -LRB- polished -RRB- so there were some very sharp edges that would most likely cut your hands as you use the calipers.When I decided to purchase this caliper I figured even if they were poorly made I would keep them as a backup . When I saw how badly they were made I decided to return them for a refund .
 I know it 's not meant to be the best caliper in the world , but this is plain trash . I ordered two of them and one of the cases was cracked into several pieces . The caliper in that one would not `` zero '' itself when I hit the button . And the other caliper would not consistently go back to zero after using it several times . Both of them would not slide smoothly because it felt like some metal grit stuck inside the sliding parts , probably leftovers when the metal was milled . Do n't waste your time with this .
 I knew it was too good to be true , getting a decent digital caliper this cheap ! The readout is defective , stuck on one number , and wo n't change no matter what you do to it . My advice is to just suck it up and pay more for a good one ! Disappointed , but not surprised .
 I 've yet to get this caliper to work correctly . The numbers/measurements go all over the place ! It is not accurate , but then again it may be dead batteries . I asked Amazon for some replacement batteries and was nicely told NO . I can update this review if I am made whole with my purchase .
 If you need accurate , repeatable measurements , you will probably want to look somewhere else . It does not inspire confidence when you zero your caliper and it will not even repeat the measurement of zero . I would trust this for a good ballpark measurement but that is not really the level of accuracy required when I reach for a caliper .
 This is the worse piece of junk that I have ever seen . Some of the other reviews , hit the nailright on the head . So to speak , it does not give anything that is the same . The measurement resultsare all over the place . I am using it for reloading , and with the same item , it give at least 10 differentmeasurements.DO NOT WASTE your money . .
 Worst product I 've ever purchased ? Certainly the worst tool . Do n't waste your time with this poorly designed and cheaply made tool.Pro
 this thing is effective but it is cheap as reflected in the price . It got the job done but sometimes the measurement would jump from one value to another . Unless you really dont want to spend the money i would recommend getting a nicer quality one .
 i bought this to measure a bicycle hub ; i got conflicting readings ; it is supposed to be accurate but it is not ; i did as well with a tape measure : -LRB-
 Well they are cheap and you get what you pay for so no surprise here . I have not even used them I just bought a new set of mitituyo cost alot more but I needed them at my job anyway .
 The calipers I ordered were supposed to be new and unused . The item I received was nicked , scratched , and even slightly bent . The whole unit was dirty and did not slide smoothly . It appeared as though a used unit was refurbished -LRB- poorly -RRB- and repackaged before it was sold . I am very disappointed with this item and would not recommend it to other people .
 My use for this was n't for critical measuring , so it should have worked perfectly for my purposes - I wanted an inexpensive caliper for the occasional DIY project & auto repair.The unit looks very nice
 This digital caliper sucks ! First off you have to extend the caliper extremely slow for it to be somewhat accurate . When it `` skips '' it gives no error like other ones do . It just gives you a wrong reading . This caliper sucks , do n't buy this crap .
 Not accurate at all . You can measure the same thing 10X and get ten vastly different measurements . You get what you pay for .
 The not accurate at all , constantly resets itself randomly , and it grinds when moving because the part is bent . Do not buy this product .
 I am pretty upset that the first person who reviewed this item is the person who convinced me to buy it . The calipers are not smooth and they do n't come with a certificate of calibration , which pretty much renders these completely useless unless you are using this for your own hobby at home and do n't need them to be calibrated . Do not use these if you are an engineer who needs verification that these are calibrated .
 This item arrived with an extra piece of broken plastic inside the box , the item itself was n't broken but the rolling piece that is use to move the caliper is loose and very low quality .
 I am sorry to say that this caliper is not very accurate . I know for a fact that some of the beads I buy may vary slightly however not to the point this caliper says and trust me Swarovski Crystals are pretty darn accurate in size when they say 8mm it is 8mm so on these other beads I do not know if I should go up or down in number and I need the number for my program in the computer
 If I can , I will put in 0 star for this caliper . It has no stable zero point , every time I zero it in and measure something and come back to zero , it jumps off by either 0.2 inch , 0.4 inch , or 0.6 inch . It 's accuracy is worse than a 30-feet tape.I do not believe that Amazon allows this kind of product to be sold on its website.What a shame !!
 This Caliper works , but it is not as smooth on the sliding surfacesas I 'm used to . I have a Mitutoyo and it is n't even close to thequality , of course it did n't cost anything like as much . I usethis caliper all the time just have ones I like better for the sameprice . I like Frankford Arsenal much better.bglenn
 I purchased these calipers for work and was excited when they came in and worked great ! They continued to work great until a few weeks later when 1 cm was measuring at 265,009.23 mm . Yeah , that 's a little off .
 If you think there 's some magic and you 're getting a precision digital caliper for $ 9 , think again . This is a steel ruler that happens to have a digital readout . I guess the precision would be enough for some applications -LRB- e.g. , wood carpentry -RRB- but I would not recommend it for precision mechanical or electronic applications . In particular , the depth gauge feeler on mine was slightly bowed and did not fit precisely in the guides for it , making accurate measurements with it impossible . Lesson learned , I 'm coughing up $ 85
 The calipers being shipped by VXB Bearing are a cheap knockoff that is not calibrated and has to be manually turned off .
 I bought the product thinking that it would work for a little while and would be accurate within a millimeter or twosince that is all I needed and it was cheap . When I received the product the display randomly changing numbers , but I thought it might be because it was cold from being left out side by the delivery person . After leaving it at room temperature for a few hours it started to work better . I was able to turn it on and zero it out without the numberschanging . After about a minute though the display starts flashing and then the numbers will start randomly changing again . This is the worst caliper I have ever seen and I do n't know how they could have done such a terrible job in building it . I would not recommend this product to any one even if they needed a caliper for just a one time use . If you plan to use a caliper often or need a quality one then I would recommend spending the money towards a good $ 40 one .
 My ` copy ' came from a bearing place . The case had a white label sticker on it - slapped on there crooked telling you to turn off the device , with their website on it.The case was scratched and dented - clearly used.The caliper itself was bent along the rule ... enough to affect sliding.Buy a different , more consistent ` cheapo ' caliper !!!
 Spend your money on a US made item , not this crap!It does n't hold zero , does n't return to zero and my dial calipers are more accurate .
 Ordered from micro-tools , fulfilled by amazon . Tool seems to be in working order , however it did not come with either of the batteries . Will cost more to return and get a new package -LRB- which may or may not come with batteries -RRB- then it will to buy the batteries myself . Hopefully the tool is actually new and not a returned item ; will test function once I have batteries . Thumb screw that moves the caliper seems to be loose as well .
 These calipers are great when they work . Sometimes though , they put out completely random measurements , suce as 231.55 mm when they are only opened to around 20mm . Hard to rely on something so inaccurate ...
 Digital readout does n't work , very unreliable readout . Changes measurements just by shaking your wrist . Flimsy construction , guess I 'll be spending more for a better and more reliable one ... stay away from this one !!
 I was looking forward to using this tool , but when I grabbed a brand new production bullet , the numbers were way off . I measured some 9mm brass and again , the measurements were way off ! I decided to give a closer look and found it looked slightly used , I also saw in the instructions that if it 's inaccurate , then it needs to be cleaned ! I followed the instructions and found oil , dust , grit and judging from the wear on the metal , it looked like it was used HEAVILY before it was returned and then sold to me as new ! Sadly , this was n't a fair review of the product but more of the Return and QA people at the company that sold it to me . Amazon made the return very easy , which has made up for the mistake , this time ! I 'm going to go out and buy a NEW one in person because I need this yesterday !
 The cal will reset while you 're taking measurements ... ` Nuf said.But to go on
 I 'm trying to purchase 10 or 20 inexpensive , but robust , calipers for use in my wife 's science classroom.The sample variance is high . We have tried 4 different no-name brands , two are fine , the others are poorly manufactured , do not work smoothly , and are more difficult for young students to use . This is complicated by the fact that it does n't seem possible to know exactly what will be delivered . Close examination of the web site images and descriptions reveals that one catalog description often shows several DIFFERENT samples of the same purported product ! It 's a roll of the die -LRB- i.e. , a ` crap-shoot ' -RRB- . Trying to match the catalog entries with the samples you have is impossible . The items seem to all be subtly different . We have even seen the catalog descriptions change from one day to the next . ` Brands ' come and go as well.It does n't even make sense to rate these items since what may be delivered to you may have no relation to what was delivered to me ! Comparing illustrations is useless since the delivered items do not necessarily correspond to the illustrations on Amazon . If I could , I 'd rate this item 2 question marks . Good Luck .
 I purchased 50 grit rather than 60 grit we normally usebecause it was represented as a pack of 10 at a savings of over 90 % . We received only 1 belt and upon contacting MSC , the supplier , we were told to contact Amazon who in turn told us to contact MSC ... . Have not followed up to date . We have installed the 50 grit belt and are w/o any back up when it fails.If it sounds too good to be true , it probably ...
 The description for this item says it is 100 washers but the packaging of the washers said 30 and the package contained only 30 . The product worked fine for what I 'd intended , but I did n't have enough .
 I ordered this for a project and used the dimensions in the product description . The bit that I received was the correct part number but was a 1/4 &#34; shank with a 3/4 &#34; long double cut cone tip -LRB- 1/4 &#34; to a pointed tip -RRB- which will not work for this project . I still gave it two stars because the quality of the bit and the delivery was on time just wrong .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 ... which is that the allen wrench provided fits the sets screws . Other than that , it 's almost worth tossing . You 're not going to be using these in any hand drill and , at the drill press , make sure the bit is absolutely centered in collar for least wobble -LSB- still going to snap -RSB- ; forget about oak , maple , mahagony ... stick with soft pines and poplar . Spring for the extra $ 10 and get the HSS ... or spring for the extra $ 20 and get a real set .
 I have already had one bit bend under normal use and I do not like how quickly these clog up .
 Bought unit for my 32 '' Samsung hdtv . This wall mount did not fit my tv . I tried doing research to see if it would fit prior , even wen to their website , did n't see a list of compatible tvs . Seems like a decent wall mount but is probably better for smaller televisions .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I do like this trash can , EXCEPT for the poorly fitted door to the battery holder . If I move the trash can , or if someone accidentally bumps it , the door becomes dislodged , and the batteries shift , losing their contact points . As a result , the can is no longer a `` touchless '' one . There is no damage to the door -- it 's just a defect in the engineering and production . There 's no way to exchange it , as the postage to return it would cost too much . I 've resorted to taping not only the door , but also the batteries . It is an annoying workaround . For this reason , I can not recommend paying the price for this can unless you buy it locally and return it if yours , too , is defective .
 Wow , at least your can came with a battery holder . Mine did n't . Needless to say , the touchless can seldom worked as the batteries kept getting dislodged . What a disappointment .
 After about a year , the linkage broke that links the drive motor and the lid . I ca n't find any replacement parts.The lid responds slowly . If a lid is necessary , I 'd prefer a foot-operated lid - it would require less maintenance and be more responsive .
 What a waste of $ 60.00 plus dollars . This product is too small , too flimsy and difficult to adjust . Does not hold hollow masonite doors well , can not imagine solid wood doors in this device . Amazon product pictures are deceptive . Not a tool to take to the jobsite . However if you desire a $ 60.00 paperweight , go for it .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 runny and does not stick to any type of wire I tried it on even though I followed directoins . Stick with colored tape .
 I 've order this product on the 15th of august and today is the 29th of august and i still do n't have the product . I dont know why its taking so long , maybe because i live in hawaii . Well this might be the last time i order this product from this company , as far as the product ... we 'll seen WHEN it comes inOK update ! 9/6/12i got my product in on the 6th of sept. . REALLY 22 days from the time i order it to it reaches my house UNREAL.i emailed the company and dude name Dane said i 'll be gladly to help `` what 's your order # '' i gave it to him and he never responded , i guess he looked on his computer and probably showed that it was already here in hawaii , at least let me know . Sometimes small things like that makes a BIG difference , he also gave me this 800 number to call but whats the point he was useless over all the product work great which i expected . i had to give them a 2 star . sorry get the product from someone else .
 I HAD TRIED THIS COMPANY WHEN I ORDERED 3 CANS OF WHITE PAINT . IT TOOK 15 DAYS TO SHOW UP AND THE RESULTS OF THIS PRODUCT WAS A JOKE . SO , THEN I SEE WHITE GARDEN FENCING FROM SAME COMPANY BUT THE SPECS ON THE SITE WERE CONTRADICTORY SO I TRIED TO CALL THEM FOR 2 HRS . ON FRIDAY , EVEN LEFT A MESSAGE . NOTHING . CRAP PRODUCTS , CRAP WEBSITE , CRAP CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 great looks and quality , BUT it was never mentioned that it was for women so the fit makes your finger really numb and hurt as soon as you wear them.perhaps consider 2 sizes bigger than what you normally wear .
 This product is visible when light shines off of it , not as bright as a solas type tape . When I bought it I was expecting it to be hardly seen during the day , and visible at night so that it didnt look tacky when sewn onto denim . The price was great . It doesnt look like much material in the package but its enough to cover any minimalist job.Now for the color that I was expecting to recieve , a stealth black reflective tape that is visible with light but nearly invisible during the day . Well , it 's not as advertised the reflective side is more like a shiny gunmetal color and the backing is what you get that is stealth black.I recommend purchase to anyone who wants a other than white or red reflective material , but do n't waist your time with this product if you truly want a stealth black look .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 This box arrived all beat up , the box had been opened and re-taped , the parts bag was missing , I was not able to use it so I sent it back . Then went to Lowe 's and purchased it , it came with all the parts .
 I bought a couple of Church/Bemis plastic elongated toilet seats in two different colors . Both seats were maintained in the same manner and used similarly in our same house . One of the two seats discolored while the other one did not . So I have to conclude that the one that discolored was defective.Yet when I contacted Bemis about their defective toilet seat they refused to do anything for me because it was beyond their meager 1 year warrantee . They also mentioned that their seats have a `` clear coat finish '' and that once such discoloration `` occurs that is no way to bring your seat back to the original finish '' . For plastic seats to need a clear coat finish to protect them makes me think that the particular plastic they chose for the seat was susceptible to discoloration ; of inadequate qualities for a toilet seat application.Since I 'm completely dissatisfied with the Bemis/Church toilet seat quality and their refusal to replace their product when it discolored , I will never buy Bemis/Church products again .
 The seat did not perform as expected . It closed at first with a slight noise , and now it just slams shut . I would return it but we are over 30 days .
 This seat was great but then the hinges fell apart after a bit after one year . When I called the company , they were rude and had no suggestion but that I buy another seat . DO N'T BUY TOILET SEATS FROM THIS COMPANY - LOW QUALITY OF MATERIAL , THEY DO N'T STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCTS -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , AND TREAT CUSTOMERS RUDELY .
 This stand is functional and is OK . I feel that it should be built with more Quality . The way it was assembled was below the price . I feel that it would be a great buy at 50-65 dollars but for 100 + it is not worth it . If I could find one somewhere else I would have bought that one and return this one . I was unable to find it elsewhere so I was stuck with it . I do intend to use it and have i a long time .
 This review is being written 12/2/2012 for 3M ScotchBlue Painter 's Tape , 2-Inch by 60-Yard , 1-Roll , sold by third party vendors and fulfilled by Amazon on their website.I should have known better ... I tried this `` blue painters tape '' from 3M over 10 years ago , ruining a wall . Fast forward to today and the new & improved ; tape.First , paint bleeds under the edge of this tape . If I had not used tape at all , it would be a simple task to wipe away the excess with a cloth , impossible now that the paint is dried and tape is removed.Second , when removing , the tape pulls against the paint , leaving a rough edge that will chip later . In this case , it also pulled out some caulking , making a huge mess.The professionals rarely use painters tape , and I can see why . In addition to the two problem above , it is much slower to tape the whole area vs. just paint with a high quality brush that gives you precision at the edges you want to protect.The only use for this tape is to protect areas that are far away from the painting edge , such as to secure plastic drop clothes to areas that may receive drips .
 Do not buy the scotch painter 's tape with the orange writing on it . It will not stay down.My story
 It does n't seem to matter how much I press the edge in to the surface , I just can NOT get a clean paint edge with this tape . It was only super important to have a perfect line on one wall -LRB- accent color -RRB- , and I ca n't even get that one wall out of this tape . I 've done touch up about 4 times , and it 's not even a big wall!The only reason I did n't give 1 star is that this is the `` delicate surfaces '' tape , and it DID come off more readily than the regular blue tape . I 'm working over fairly old molding in places , and the regular tape left gunk , and took up the finish - this kind did NOT damage the molding at all .
 I recently put in bamboo flooring on my stairs and needed to paint the sides of the stairs where they were scuffed during installation . I used this `` Delicate tape '' , which did n't do anything like a painters tape should . It did n't stay put and was constantly curling up at the corners , the paint seeped through onto the new stairs . Lastly it actually removed a lot of stain -LRB- stained black by manufacturer -RRB- from the floor boards.Don ' t bother with the fancy tape names . Stick with the original . I can only assume that Scotch found a way to skimp on the glue and called it `` delicate '' . As a side note , I bought two of the other `` New Styles '' of tape , one which was supposed to keep lines crisp and straight . It did neither . It was worse than the Frog Tape , which does n't live up to its name either.I hope this review is helpful for others . There is nothing I hate more than touch up work when painting , and this tape , and the whole new line from my experience , creates a lot of touch up .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 This item was shipped to the wrong address even though the order confirmation I received from you had the right address . According to the UPS records they had been given an address different than the one on the confirmation order ! I am still try to get the item sent to me but have not had any luck so far.VERY DISTRESSFUL !!!
 It is not clear that these are vix bits . Vix is the name of a manufacturer that makes/made self-centering hinge bits . If you want made in USA products consider Starrett 's self-centering hinge punch sold by Lee Valley and not currently available on Amazon . I think you need to be careful buying from people who are loose with words . If the bits are not made be Vix , they need to admit it . Vix bits are stamped with the name ; if you want to make your own name , start with quality not copying . The quality of these bits could be better or worse , and a better or worse value , you ca n't tell by pictures and since they apparently are not made by Vix , you ca n't tell by name either .
 I was really surprised how cheap this was . until I got it . no drain included !
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I bought this Shop-vac 906-15-19 1 1/4 '' round brush accessory to replace the one that came with my shop-vac , because the bristles were curling up and matted at the edges . Which makes picking up the dust and debris around edges and corners impossible . The problems with the new one , are
 The bags I receieved were not labeled `` Shop-Vac 9067200 '' as shown in the picture of the item . The bags I received have no printing on them so I 'm not sure if I received the equivalent of the Shop-Vac `` High Efficiency Bag '' or just a regular dirt collection bag which sells for less . Also , if I wanted a generic bag , I could have ordered them from any number of sellers for lot less . I paid a premium for a Shop-Vac High Efficiency Bag -LRB- P/N 9067200 -RRB- , which was shown in the ad and did n't get them !
 They fall apart when the slightest bit wet or when they get full . Not a good product unless you keep it dry and empty it when it is half full , doubling the cost .
 When installed this bag hits the motor and support structure in the middle of the vacuum . This causes the bag NOT to open up and there for actually blocks the vacuum from working
 This item is described correctly , but the picture is the floor nozzle that is about 1 '' x 14 '' that works much better . The wide opening on this piece is not good floor finished and is prone to scratching floors
 I bought this to replace the original floor nozzle which came with our Shop-Vac , now sadly lost . Unfortunately , this product is quite inferior and in retrospect I wish I had n't bought it.First of all , either because it does n't make a strong connection with the floor or some other design problem , the suction when using this attachment is drastically curtailed . Second of all , the attachment is completely useless unless the surface you are vacuuming is extremely smooth , which my garage floor mostly is n't . Third of all , on the rare occasions when it deigns to add any value to the vacuuming , it can only vacuum when being pushed forward due to the line of bristles at the back of the attachment -LRB- when you pull it towards you it looks like it 's cleaning until you realize that the bristles are just pushing the floor debris along -RRB- ; but when you push it forward you ca n't get a smooth motion , so you still wind up only vacuuming a fraction of the floor.I 'm actually rather astonished that an actual Shop-Vac accessory could be so poorly designed .
 When I got my nozzles , they where not what is shown in the pictures , you show here ! And I payed $ 13 . and change too return them ! I would like my money back , but mostly would like too get 10 of the nozzle shown !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Be aware how tiny these tools really are , what appears to be a huge part in the photo is the 1.25 '' adapter ! These tools are so small that they almost completely block off the airflow . They * will * work , albeit very very slowly , I found them to be almost useless .
 Disappointing product . Once attachments are applied and extention used , any amount of pressure used created the parts to come apart . Had to use tape to keep parts from falling apart during use .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I purchased this meter January of this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- from shopblt . After unpacking it , I loved the way it felt , looked , and was pleased with myself that I was able to get pretty much all the features I wanted in a meter rated true RMS , and with good accuracy for much less than a Fluke.Getting it to work was another story . I could n't get any reading at all from this meter measuring AC amps with the clamp . Ironically , DC amps worked fine -LRB- intermittently -RRB- but when I switched it to AC , it literally ignored whatever current was flowing in the circuit under test . -LRB- FYI , I have been an electronics tech for nearly 30 years , and know how to use the meter ... -RRB- After a call to Triplett , they verified that the selector switch was intermittent , and since it was less than a week old , they recommended I get it replaced from the vendor , which I did . Shopblt was good about it and sent me a replacement as soon as my defectived one was RMA'ed and received at their warehouse . The replacement arrived , and worked good on all ranges ... everything seemed to indicate I had just been unlucky enough to receive a bad one.The saga continues ... I use this meter about once a week , so it has n't been used hard -LRB- I have n't even gotten it greasy or scratche yet ! -RRB- but it does n't get `` left sitting around to rot '' either . A few weeks ago , -LRB- on my SECOND METER , remember -RRB- I noticed the only way to get an accurate reading on it was to turn in on and cycle the rotary swith over and over half a dozen times and wait for the display to settle down , then I could get accurate readings with it . Today it was so bad , I got `` OL '' displayed on it on several ranges with nothing connected ! `` OL '' on the 1000 AMP scale with in clamped around NOTHING ... . REALLY ???!!?? Arghhh ... ! A few times it even displayed Degrees Celcius on the AMPS scale!I just called Triplett and left a message requesting an RMA to send it in for repair . I hope they can `` repair '' better than new , because none of the `` new ones '' I 've had have been any good ! Nothing is more frustrating than a piece of test equipment you can not trust . To those that liked this meter , give it 6 months and tell me the selector knob does n't become intermittent ... I 'll probably have a hard time believing ya , because from where I sit , it looks like some kinda design flaw ... Fortunately it has a 3 year warranty , but I have to mess around shipping it off for repair and waiting ... I 'd probably repair it myself , but not while it 's under warranty ... My only hope is that by now they are aware of this problem in these meters and have a more `` permanent '' fix for it.Update -LRB- 07/12/11 -RRB-
 I have used Triplet meters for over 40 years . I was purchasing this meter to replace a cheep one from Sears . I was disappointed as soon as I turned it on . The functions are not easy to use as well as the construction seems to be another China knockoff .
 I 've been using this meter off and on for a while now but I do n't have anything to compare it to . If I had used other meters it would help me rate this meter but I do have some problems with its operation .1 -RRB- The light only stays on for a few seconds when I would like it to stay on for at least minutes until I stop using the meter and then go off with the meter or till I specifically shut it off .2 -RRB- The display has little tiny symbols on the display that are difficult to read to know what mode the thing is in .3 -RRB- Very hard to get the thing to stabilize and sample a voltage where I feel confident with the reading . Just not well implemented.I guess for the money you get what you paid for . Do n't think I would buy again but rather look for a meter with good reviews ?
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 This product is very low quality . I bought a box of 100 of these . I have used about 20 of them so far . 1/3 to 1/2 of these have broken as they are tightened down . The barrel separates from the screw plate and it becomes useless . Then you have to figure out how to get it out of the wall when it is already expanded , very difficult.I am not tightening them too hard and I am using them on the correct wall thickness per the box.I will no longer be buying Hillman products . -LRB- yes , they are made in china ! -RRB- .
 Let me preface this review by saying that I 'm a novice woodworker with very low standards . In buying this set , I expected to get a basic , entry level set of Forstner bits.Let 's start with the good . The set arrived promptly . I ordered on a Saturday afternoon and had them by Tuesday morning . The bits come as pictured in a solid wooden case . The bits are covered in plastic wrap and the cutting heads are protected by a light plastic cap , and were tightly in place within the case.Now with the bad . The bits were dull . Without exaggeration , it would be difficult to cut skin with any of the edges or points on any of the bits straight out of the box . I have regular spiral and spade drill bits that you might pick up on clearance at Target or Sears and they are infinitely sharper . The bits are poorly milled ; the larger bits are saw-toothed and many of the teeth were blunted by 1/8 '' or more . Many of the bits are slightly lop-sided and/or misshapen . The center cutter on each bit is little more than a square pyramid -LRB- think of the shape of the Great Pyramids -RRB- . This means that the center of the bit ends up basically just pushing wood aside rather than doing any real cutting . The most puzzling thing was that -- despite the apparently careful packaging -- roughly one third of the bits were badly damaged in addition to the poor workmanship . There were many scratches -LRB- not a big deal -RRB- and a pile of chips and dents as large as 1/8 '' in the cutting edges -LRB- a very big deal -RRB- . The only possible explanation I can come up with is that the bits are stored loose in big bins at the warehouse where they bang around a lot before being put into the various sets before shipment.Update
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The threads on one of the fittings that I purchased were damaged upon arrival . It prevents the fitting from being threaded onto the carb making it useless . Somebody needs to do a little QA I think .
 We used several rolls of this at a recent company conference . We had a hard time getting the tape to stick at all .
 I 've had this tape for a while and it 's the bane of my existence . Every time I pull it out of my gear closet , it leaves residue where it was laying , just from the excess stickyness on the side of the tape.Don ' t bother with it . If you tape anything down with this , its going to leave a streak of glue when you pull it up . I picked up a roll of gaffers tape PRECISELY so this would n't happen .
 As I DJ , I use gaffers tape to prevent people from tripping over my wires and to keep wires out of sight . This tape was functional , but it was very difficult to rip by hand and too sticky . It pulled off the roll laboriously . When I tried it rip it , the tape stuck together to other sticky parts and functioned nor looked good . I could n't even cut this tape with my teeth . Very frustrating for something that SHOULD take a few seconds to execute.If you like carrying around a pair of scissors to cut your gaffe tape , then fine . However , I discontinued using it and bought a different brand that comes off the role smoothly and rips easily by hand .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I bought the utensil holder and the magnetic paper towel holder . I have a very small kitchen and was looking forward to using this . I put one plastic utensil on each hook and by the morning the rack had slid to the floor.Lame !
 Ok . . if I had read the reviews I would not have bought . I have a textured refrigerator and the things just keep sliding down , but only on 1 side . It does n't matter if I put something on them or leave them empty . So like the other reviewer this did n't work for me . I am going to try and purchase stronger magnets and see if I can fix them . I like the look and it 's what I wanted ... too bad they did n't work .
 Looks great . The construction seems good too . It is really a shame that two , empty cloth aprons drag it down to the floor . Otherwise I would love it .
 This set of magnetic hooks will not work on textured metal surfaces . I bought it to use on my Fridge -LRB- with a textured surface -RRB- and with any weight at all it just slides to the floor . I bought a set of individual `` rare earth '' magnet hooks that are 1/4 the size of the magnets on this thing and each of them will hold four-times the weight -LRB- for less than 1/3 the money for 8 hooks -RRB- . If you are looking to mount this on a smooth surface it MIGHT work , but I would n't take the chance if I were you .
 I snapped the heads off of two M10 bolts . So I sprayed a liberal amount of PB Blaster , ran down to the local parts store , and bought the OEM 25467 . The cobalt drill bits did great ! They eagerly chewed into the broken bolt . Then I inserted the bolt extractor , got out my t-handle and gave it some muscle . SNAP ! oops . The bolt extractor is now firmly lodged into the bolt.No problem , I thought . I 'll just re-drill the hole and exchange the broken extractor . No luck . The drill bit just wont go into the broken extractor . I apply some more pressure to try to get it to bite and SNAP ! oops , the drill bit just broke.Maybe it will remove deck screws , but I 'm not wasting my time finding out . Let 's see if they at least live up to their limited lifetime warranty .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 It would be nice if I would have actually received a Starrett 734 mic as the description states . Instead I received a Starrett 3734 which is a cheaper copy of what I was supposed to get . I am very unhappy with the product I received .
 Firstly , these gloves are NOT comfortable . The finger lengths seem weird and inconsistent , the seam between my index and middle finger dig into the area between my fingers and that is unusually distracting . Second , these are much too thick to be able to manipulate most things well , including weapons , pens , and seat belts , etc.The leather seems good , and they seem well made for the most part , but they 're too big and bulky for my liking . I 'm going to try thinner gloves , especially for when the weather gets hot , and for better manipulation of items .
 nice looking gloves but absurdly small for an XL . If you have large hands , these gloves will not fit , period . I regularlyuse an XL and I could not even get my hand in , much less get a feel for the glove .
 Horrible . Lining pulls out . Impossible to take on an off . Useless for tactical work where `` feel '' is a necessity . I have used dozens of pairs of tactical gloves and these are , by far , the worst . Do not buy these gloves ! Steer clear !
 The ExStik pH100 does not work . If I had the time , I 'd make a video review to go along with these words . Even after calibration , using ExTech 's own solutions , the pH100 fails to read pH levels anywhere near-accurate . It randomly reports its ` findings ' , even when using the same sample being tested . The fault may be with the included pH electrode -LRB- and sealed solution -RRB- , which you have no way of knowing the condition or age of , because it 's not packaged separately or appropriately for sensitive electronics . For the cost of this item , you 'd expect some level of quality . Look elsewhere , because this product will disappoint both you and your wallet . But , if you still want to buy this piece of junk , I 'll mail you mine for just the cost of shipping . You 'll still be getting ripped off , but you wo n't feel so bad as purchasing at full price .
 I 've been waiting for 3 weeks for the third replacement . Customer service lacking . I have a masters in chemistry so user error not the issue . Guess I 'm just the lucky one .
 I searched and searched looking for upscale instrument and thought this would fit the bill . I thought I was buying an very good quality refractometer judging by the reviews . I did not even bother to try it as it is no better than one for half the price . The package insert says nothing about were it is made , what firm made it , address , email , contact , anything . Save your money . You get the impression you are getting a higher quality instrument , but this is just a chintzy product with a case , like you would get buying a tool at Harbor Freight . Arrive poorly packaged for mailing too . Way over priced . Returning.UPDATE
 At times it works , other times it does not . It is not consistant at all . I have used it about 50 times and out of those , I am not 100 % sure if the sugar measurements are correct , because it is so inconsistant .
 I recently purchased my home . Within 6 months the caulk around the bathtub and shower walls started to peel away and mold . I purchased poly seam seal tub and tile extra and followed the directions on the tube to the letter . The package instructions stated to allow 24 hours before exposure to water . Within 36 hours of the initial application the caulk turned to a milky white soup and completely washed away exposing the seams to water and eventual leaks !! I attempeted to use this product again and even went as far as to use my wife 's hair dryer to clean and dry the wall seams . The second time we waited almost 48 hours before using our shower and the same thing happened . The sealant turned to a milky-white liquid comparable to a melted milkshake and washed away after the first two uses of the shower !! I will NEVER purchase or use this product in this application again !!!
 I 'm doing a project that requires a clear , transparent look so that it looks professional . I purchased Polyseamseal All Purpose Adehesive Caulk after getting our local hardware supplier 's recommendation . It looked like any caulk product and so I bought it . The Polyseamseal says there 's no color to it and it is labeld as such , with CLEAR right on the tube . The product I purchased is either in the wrong tube , the manufacturer goofed or is color blind . Either way I 'm not happy with this product as it says one thing and is another.I recommend you check with the manufacturer before buying if you need a CLEAR product or double check the product before you leave the store you buy it at .
 I purchased this for my husband , He said it had almost no power to hold the screw in place . He followed the very sparse instruction on the package , and tried several times , After having no luck , He threw it in the trash .
 For what this tape costs I expected it to be better than duct tape , in my experience it is not . It is not waterproof as it quickly released when exposed to water and its adhesion was not very good .
 The picture is wrong . In the Item # T436-1XRL , the R means Ratchet Stop . The picture is of a micrometer with a Friction Stop .
 Ordered some acetal rod and some steel rod and there was n't anything in the tube when I received it . Poor packaging . I wo n't order again .
 I order 3 and I receive 3 diferent no one work with pls5 , the boxes have the same code number but item were diferent from each other , I have 3 pls5 for my crew so this was a bad invesment . they should say that work for all but pls5 .
 I do n't know how the other reviewers gave this item such a high rating , I found it very hard to tell the PH from the color grid , all the alkaline colors are very similar and its very hard to determine exactly what your PH is .
 I did not like this product , directions kind of hard to use , I would for sure try a different product next time !
 The Dispenser Ph Test Strips tested my Saliva at 6.4 PH and the same 6.4 for my Urine , and also tested 6.4 for Deer Park bottled water , my NC tap -LRB- deep well -RRB- water , and the tap water at my 2nd residence in KY. . I also purchased pHion Diagnostic pH Test Strips which measured my Saliva PH as 7.5 , Deer Park bottled water 6.0 , and my NC tap water 7.0 . I believe the pHion strips are much more accurate than the Ph Test Strips Dispenser .
 No , no , no !!! Flimsy , ticky tacky waste of money . I 'd advise you to buythe more sturdy individual test sticks . If you tend to be verybusy -LRB- like me -RRB- but have to keep an eye on your ph -LRB- urine -RRB- 3 or 4 times a day , this roll dispenser is more trouble than it 's worth ...
 It came in the roll of paper and to be able to test it , I have to touch the paper . A couple inches of paper is not an ideal size to test and the reading seems to be inaccurate . My husband and I have the same color reading which I know it is not so . And the color does not match to any of the color chart . I bought this product based on the reviews I red , and needless to say , I regret it .
 Ordered some acetal rod and some steel rod and there was n't anything in the tube when I received it . Poor packaging . I wo n't order again .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Only go with 3M electrical tape if you are doing any electrical work . This product says itself it is only good to -10 degrees Celcius . They state it in Celcius because most people in America do n't use Celcius or understand Celcius . -10 in Celcius is +14 in Fahrenheit . So if you live where it gets 14 degrees you could have a problem .
 I thought titanium would be a good material because it 's supposed to be stronger than steel . I 've been working with drill bits and similar tools for 10 years now and with how easily these drill bits bend and snap I highly recomend you DO NOT buy this product .
 I did n't know junk could be made this poorly . I knew it would be a cheap set and expected low quality , but these are useless . There are only about 10 different bit sizes . Half the smaller bits are the same size . The bits definitely are n't good enough to drill steel . Some of them are too junky to even drill aluminum reliably . If you need cheap drill bits , look for another set . These are worthless .
 The tools were definitely made somewhere in Asia -LRB- I think you know where that is -RRB- . They were covered in some sort of strange sticky grease . The titanium was merely a gimmick to make you think they were good for drilling hardened metals . When I tried to do so all I succeeded in doing was making a completely blunt drill bit . The majority bits also were not even close to being straight so you would get an oblong hole if you were to succeed in drilling one . But I suppose you get what you pay for .
 These are absolute garbage . I ordered them in a hurry and did n't read the item description or reviews . Shame on me.These are high speed steel bits with a light layer of something gold in color . The first time I tried to drill steel , the gold color came off.The bits are very low quality . Some have inconsistent diameter on the length of the bit . Very poor quality - its hard to describe , but they metal in the bits has a rough texture like it was made in a very low quality process.With the half inch bit , I could n't even start a hole in mild steel .
 I 've had this valve on my log splitter for two seasons . At first it worked fine , but by the end of season one , every time the ram was returned , a little shot of hydro fluid would be spit out of the back of the valve when the auto kick-out functioned . Being just a couple drops , I figured so what . By the end of season two , fluid was leaking out of the back of the valve regardless of whether the machine was running or not.Went to the Prince web site . In the FAQ section was an FAQ addressing this very problem . It indicated the leakage could be caused by a pressure spike in the hydro return line . OK , so what do you do about it ? The web site gives no indication . Searched for information on the web , no luck . Tried to disassemble the valve to see if there was a bad seal I could replace , but there are no instructions available . I ended up damaging the valve.The Prince web site says , do n't contact us if your a lowly end user -LRB- only distributors can contact them directly -RRB- . A link is given to the various distributors , which all happen to have the same name . Go to their site and you discover they deal with major equipment , not log splitters.This valve is cheaply made , poorly designed , and has no support . Buy at your own risk ! I 'm replacing mine with a Cross valve . Yes it costs more , but you get what you pay for.Hey Prince , consider replacing the `` Made in America '' sticker with one that says `` Made in China '' !
 I bought this valve as a replacement for the original Prince log splitter valve that started leaking . This Prince hydraulic log splitter valve started leaking after about 2 years of use and I have wrapped a rag around the drippy end of the valve . I have split about 50 cords . I am not abusive or rough on this valve . Valve spurts a blob of hydraulic fluid when the ram completely retracts on the return stroke .
 I purchased the 1500lb rated set from Northern Tools today . The first time I used the set , the dolly under the snowmobile track blew ballbearings across my drivway . There 's cheap , but this is bad cheap even for a chinese product . Spend the extra $ 10 , get a better name brand set .
 We ordered these and they were made out of zinc although the photo shows nylon . The nylon version works great .
 I bought 2 sets , both taps broke while trying to tap aluminum ! Terrible quality , never again .
 The title clearly states that this offer is for a four count case of 1 gallon Windex bottles from this vendor . What arrived is a single gallon bottle in a box from Sam 's Club . This is out and out fraud . I am so angry I can barely type . This better be a monumental screw up or I want somebody in handcuffs . Do n't people understand that wire fraud is a felony ?
 No communication , They refused to answer my e-mails , Product NOT as described . I want to return them . Springs are made of very thin material , not sot adequate compression .
 I bought this tap because it came with the proper drill bit . The bit worked fine , but the tap broke halfway through the first hole . Now I have half a tap stuck in the back of my AK .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 I needed new countersink set , this was cheap so I bought it . Big mistake ! It really is not worth the money and it went back just 1 day after working with it . I am not a contractor , by the way , just a home woodworker . The drills wobble , the collar slips easily , the cut is not super clean . Frustrated , I went to big box store and bought DeWalt set of 3 countersink drills for double the price of this whole set , and all I can say is that DeWalt is worth every penny , although it seems a bit overpriced . You do n't have to be a contractor to justify buying good bits over cheap stuff like this . As long as you like working with wood , and like making crisp , precise cuts every time , this set is not for you , it will only make you frustrated .
 Just as the previous reviewer stated , these things `` snap like twigs '' . Thank you , China , for flooding our home improvement stores with cheap products like this . That said , when the bits do snap off , st least you have the option of replacing just the drill bit with one made out of real metal . The actual countersink component is made in the USA.Perhaps a warning label advising the user not to use these in anything harder than balsa wood .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 These bags work as they should , however they advertise that it comes with 3 bags . I only got 2 bags . Not happy about getting jipped on 1/3 of what I paid for . Will be going elsewhere when I need more replacements .
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 This product is mislabeled . Twice I was sent a tube made from 6063 not 6061 . 6063 is not as strong , or hard as 6061 . Also 6063 does not machine as well as 6061 and is usually much cheaper . The product page needs to be updated to show what is actually being shipped . Do not buy this item if you need need 6061 alloy .
 One might assume that Amazon could correct problems after poor reviews.I just received 6063 square tubing when I ordered 6061 . Amazon , please either train your stockers and/or correct your parts labels.And , as the previous poster stated
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 This product is mislabeled . Twice I was sent a tube made from 6063 not 6061 . 6063 is not as strong , or hard as 6061 . Also 6063 does not machine as well as 6061 and is usually much cheaper . The product page needs to be updated to show what is actually being shipped . Do not buy this item if you need need 6061 alloy .
 One might assume that Amazon could correct problems after poor reviews.I just received 6063 square tubing when I ordered 6061 . Amazon , please either train your stockers and/or correct your parts labels.And , as the previous poster stated
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 This product is mislabeled . Twice I was sent a tube made from 6063 not 6061 . 6063 is not as strong , or hard as 6061 . Also 6063 does not machine as well as 6061 and is usually much cheaper . The product page needs to be updated to show what is actually being shipped . Do not buy this item if you need need 6061 alloy .
 One might assume that Amazon could correct problems after poor reviews.I just received 6063 square tubing when I ordered 6061 . Amazon , please either train your stockers and/or correct your parts labels.And , as the previous poster stated
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I purchased these because I was building the brakes on my project car and figured I 'd use these throughout as crush washers . BIG mistake ! The quality is terrible - every washer has a little burr edge all the way around and not all are truly flat . I 'm not sure what they 're intended for but it 's certainly not fluid sealing as crush washers . I ended up buying washers at 5x the cost at my local car store , but at least those worked for the application.I guess the moral is you get what you pay for . Cheap product , terrible quality . NOT recommended for automotive use .
 at 9 cents each -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- , I can drill out a penny if I need a copper washer !
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I purchased this product I thought I was getting a black fabric mesh that adhered to the blacktop when covering the cracks . Instead , it 's a black mesh plastic-like fabric with big holes that goes over the cracks and then you still have to apply blacktop coating over it . I thought there were no holes and that the fabric covers the cracks . I was n't planning on purchasing additional materials and having more work to do . If I 'm going to fill in the cracks I might as well just fill them in with blacktop filler . I notice that many companies and/or Amazon do n't provide enough description of the product to know exactly what you 're getting - such was the case with this item . I did n't return the product because I would not get my shipping costs refunded , so it would n't be worth it .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 Bag of cheap parts . Nothing more . Total scam , ripoff . If you sell a car and it 's assembled in the picture , you do n't send the buyer a box of car parts.BEWARE .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 box came broke and all pis in every part . too many big pins . used the smaller ones but the bigger ones are mostly useless
 Should have less large pins and more smaller pins . I have already used the pins that I needed and have no more uses for the product product
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Not sure what the problem is , but the adhesive strips in this package wo n't stick to anything for more then 6 minutes -LRB- no joke , I timed it -RRB- . We have command hooks in almost every room of our house and garage , they have been purchased from an actual store . Never had a problem out of any for almost a year now.Again , not sure what the problem is , but the ONLY way to get my money back is to return them . Which is perfectly fine , except I have to pay for the return shipping ... . I already paid too much for the package because the stores were out of stock around here , I should n't have to pay for return shipping too .
 Tried the product on a concrete wall and it did not work . It was a picture in a frame and after a couple days the hook fell off the wall . I followed the instructions .
 Would n't hold light weight picture or 1/4 '' foamboard to newly painted walls . Maybe scrubbing wall with alcohol would work . Son did not know they were just purchased from Amazon and threw them in trash .
 You know , I swear by the 3M command adhesive line of sticky tabs . It 's a great product.But the hooks are just hideous , clunky and ungainly ... so unstylish . They look like something you 'd find yellowing on the wall of your grandfather 's garage in 1975 . The form is old-school and ugly ; a different design era - and not in the good way These are hooks you 'd put some place that you can close the door on -LRB- a cabinet -RRB- , so you do n't have to look at them.Come on 3M , this is the age of the iPod , not the 8-track . You 'd sell so many more of these if they were n't so naff . Hire a product designer from the modern era and revamp this line .
 Our indoor Christmas lights have all fallen to the floor . Evidently 3M hooks do n't stick for long on textured walls , however I can find no warning about this on the product packaging or in the literature . Beware . Hopefully I will someday need this newly purchased pile of hooks for use on a smooth surface somewhere , but it certainly wo n't be on any of our walls as every last one of them is textured . Good product . Irresponsible marketing . We are not amused .
 I was so excited about this hooks coz i live in a rental property and wanted to hang something , so i bought a few and it looked like magic . But not for long in the middle of the night i was awaken by the crash of my picture and boy i will be in more trouble with that wall even more than had i drilled a small nail in coz the hooks came out with chunks of the wall plaster . What a disaster ?????? please dont waste your money
 dont buy it could be weeks befor u see your stuff , ask for refund your lucky to get have your money back .
 I 'm disappointed with the results of my command strips though it organizes well it did not remove well from my walls ! First I thought I was taking it off wrong but then a friend of mine who 's an interior designer who uses this in his own home went to remove it from my walls and he had the same results as me ! The paint on my wall ripped right off in multiple places from the hooks but I do lov the hooks just it does n't come off clean !
 I bought these hooks at Lowe 's simply to hang pictures . My items were very lightweight , but even so these hooks did not hold any of them up . I purchased the correct sizes according to the packages . I feel they were an extremely poor investment and I urge people to reconsider purchasing .
 Would not hold a small picture frame weighing about 1/2 lb . Fell , broke glass , broke frame , would n't support string of small xmas lights on inside wall , totally worthless product .
 Although the package was sealed , a hook came without the plastic to hold it , so it 's useless and I paid for two!When I tried to hang a broom , the hook broke away from the wall and peeled it off anyway .
 If you have NO other choice and must use these , do NOT hang any thing of value . I have tried these hooks for everything from small plates to holiday decorations and have never had them hold . My best suggestion
 it didnt work for me , followed instructions exactly . I do n't know why they did n't hold . Maybe too high humidity where i live . I 'm glad I tried them for 80 cents from the clearance rack from Walmart .
 I HAVE HAD THIS ITEM FOR 3 YEARS NOW . GOOD PRODUCT , BUT I WASTED MY MONEY , COULD HAVE GOT SOMETHING ELSE
 This was a waste of my money . It did not hold anything on the wall , not even small photos . I really wanted to send it back but they charge you so much for shipping it was not worth it . I just threw in the trash .
 These are for texture surfaces only . They are NOT for smooth painted doors . The surface must be cleaned and prepared according to instructions and no weight applied to it for the stated time period . I have a small clock hanging from one applied to a textured , painted wall that has been in place for 3 years . Those that I applied to the backs of painted , smooth surface doors did slide off under their own weight after 4 days . I hung a plastic hanger on one after waiting 2 days before using it . The next morning the Command Hook and plastic hanger -LRB- 7 oz -RRB- were on the floor .
 1 of the hooks broke after a week other than that the hooks have seemed to work well sticking to wood not plaster
 Hated it ... did nothing it was suppose to do . . a complete waste of my money . . I followed the guidelines and still it held nothing . .
 I 've bought several of this kind of Command Damage-Free Hanging hooks . The latest one claims to hold up to 3 lb . I tried twice , followed the instructions carefully plus pressed for twice as long and waited for twice as long as well . Still the hook fell off by itself after half an hour , from an 4-oz piece of cloth.I 'm through with this line of products and I think they should recall all their products if they run an ethical business .
 Our house was built in the 1950 's . I used three hooks , and though two came off cleanly , one did not . While slowly pulling down the adhesive snapped off . I had to pry it off and with it came a giant chunk of wall . For older houses be very careful using these . I 'll never use these again , too risky .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 This item appeared to be more items in the box , Should have read closer !!! Not a very good buy for what I received !!!
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 This magnet would not pick up 20 pounds , much less 30 pounds . Totally disappointed .
 some may call this a magnet i call it scrap absolute garbage WEAK WEAK WEAK hardly picks up anything better as a paperweight DO NOT BUY
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The units I received have much smaller shafts for the knobs than the pictured units and the shafts are not grooved to fit a grooved hole in the knob , they have a flat that requires the knob to have a set screw to attach them . The thinner diameter is much less robust and I 'm concerned they 're going to break off given the kind of use I intend . The pictured units would have been perfect.Additionally I believe , but have not measured to verify , that the units I received are audio taper pots rather than linear . This could be an effect of my circuit , I have n't verified the cause of the non-linearity I 'm seeing.The quality is acceptable , the metal case is strong enough and the board is solidly staked down . I give them 2 stars because they are not what I ordered .
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 Maybe there 's a difference in quality , but two other sources have these for $ 3.25 . And shipping can make a difference . Google `` plastic cover slips '' and see what you get .
 Received timely but product was not as advertised . About half of the glass , not plastic as advertised , cover slips were broken . Seller refunded half of purchase price .
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 This item was probably designed by someone that has never built a fence in their life . The wire slips off the side when you start to pull tension and is dangerous when stretching barbed wire . All it needs is one extra bend in the base plate to keep the wire from slipping off and I would have give it 5 stars .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I wanted some slide bolts for a few doors on my house for a little extra privacy and security for my family . I found these and ordered them thinking it was 5 slide bolts , since both the title and description both say `` 5 Pack '' , and for $ 7.25 for 5 of them , how could I possibly go wrong ? The order arrived yesterday and SURPRISE ... there was only ONE slide bolt in the package . Even my receipt says `` 5 Pack '' . I called customer service and they said they could not send the 4 missing pieces but they offered a refund . This is dishonest and bothers me since they are still offering this `` 5 Pack '' for sale and as I 'm writing this it says they are `` in stock '' . As far as I know , when a company advertises something for a specific price , they are legally bound to sell it for that advertised price , not 5 times that price . This is apparently NOT the case for this seller or item . The item is n't bad but I 'm not too happy about not getting exactly what I ordered . A `` 5 Pack '' is a 5-Pack , NOT a ONE pack . If you want these , I 'd avoid this seller if I were you .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 If you are n't going to send these bits in the case that is shown then maybe you should advertise differently . I felt ripped off when I received my item and it did not include the case that was shown . Slick ...
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 Irwin owns Vise Grip . I expected to receive a set of Vise Grip labeled Unibits , but instead I received Irwin labelled Unibits . What is the difference ? I expect to receive items as advertised , not substituted with a different brand name . The name and picture says Vise Grip , not Irwin . This is misleading.GM own Chevy . If I go into a Chevy dealership and order a custom Chevy pickup , I do n't expect to receive a GM pickup .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 This item took over 2 1/2 weeks for delivery and did not come with the component pieces -LRB- foot plate , blades and blade guide as shown in the picture . When you go to the Bosch web site it specifically said it does not come with the pieces and needs to be ordered seperately . Amazon needs to do the same thing
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I received my product is somewhat of a mess . I have n't written or said anything . I was dissappointed .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I have tendinitis so my hands were n't strong enough to make the plunger work . I 'm sure it will be great if you are young .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I bought this to have a set of quick change drill bits for use in a manual hex drive handle . Great for drilling holes in P/C boards and deburring holes in metal drilled with an electric drill.It clearly states in `` What 's in the Box '' -LRB- 14 -RRB- 1/4-inch Hex Titanium Drill Bits . Well I 'm afraid not !! The only hex drive bits in the set I received were the 5 paddle bits . So this 71 piece quick-change set is actually a 52 piece quick-change set and 19 pieces that you have to chuck up the old method.I gave this a two Star rating because it does have a neat little carrying case , and the quick change sockets might come in handy . Since I already have a drawer full of crap , like those driver bits , I 'll probably never get around to testing these .
 Lots of bits , but cheaply made . I used a small bit and it broke on the 5th hole I was drilling . It 's inexpensive , so not worth returning , but not a quality product .
 I 'm sure on paper this entire outfit looked good but it reality ... junk ! The case is handy and I will probably use it to fill with bits that are worth a % & # $ * . The driver bits are complete junk . Burned then out in no time at all . Drill bits are ... eh ... so so . Just save your money and put it toward a set that will last you . Glad I only spent $ 20.00 at Costco .
 I recently purchased this with an 18v Hitachi drill on here . When it came , I was excited . The case design is very cool . But then I began using the drill bits ... They flex like crazy and arent sharp at all . They ca n't go through thin sheet metal and slip in wood . I broke off both allen head driver bits immediately , the torx have held up well though . I have a $ 40 dewalt kit that is 80x nicer than this . Do n't buy this kit . I 'm surprised Hitachi even put their name on this because every other tool I 've used by them was very nice .
 I bought this set for my husband , along with the drill . Amazon was suggesting that the two worked together , so I thought the set with additional options would be nice to add to the gift.NOPE !!!!!!!! Because of the configuration , you can not insert the majority of the bits into this drill.Don ' t buy this set to use in conjunction with the drill they say it works with.IT DOES NOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I just received this 71 piece drill/driver set by Hitachi and none of the drill bits are quick change . Do not be deceived by the picture clearly showing otherwise.http : / / www.amazon.com/Hitachi-728704-71-Piece-Drilling-Driving/product-reviews/B000LEJGM8/ref=dp_top_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints;=1
 I usually never write reviews but I hope no one else buys these also thinking they are 1/4 hex shank bits . The image and description are not the same as to what I received . I did receive a 71 piece set but they were not 1/4 hex shank and therefore would not work with my driver which has a 1/4 hex chuck . Retuned it for a refund and gon na find a different set.Update ** 2/6/11
 The first time I used a phillips bit , it broke off at an angle . I have never had a bit do this before . It did n't strip , it just broke from being made from cheap material . The case folds up , but it 's hard to close . The cheap hard plastic latches have to be just right for it to close . Cheap bits , cheap case ... . I want my money back
 As someone else commented previously the drill bits are standard round ones , not 1/4-inch hex . It would be fine if the package included a 1/4-inch hex chuck adapter but it does n't . Did n't have a chance to test the quality of the other parts since I 'm returning it .
 Bits are difficult to remove from storage and will not stay in the bit holder . Would not recommend .
 I received a rong item , the one you send to me , is similar but not the same in the picture.THANKS.El articulo que recibi es similar pero no es el mismo de la foto , es posible que se equivocaran en la referencia.GRACIAS
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 WRONG TEST PROBES , these will not fit on to the end of my probe tips to extend the reach of my probes ... UNUSEABLE and A WASTE OF MONEY
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I purchased this item , even after seeing a cheaper model at Walmart , because my Amazon usually does n't sell junk . I was very disappointed in the quality of this product . There was paint over rusted metal -LRB- witch flaked off easily -RRB- , the main pin on the pump was falling out , and the pin for the release valve moved very freely , making it difficult to use.Do not buy this jack , Walmart carries a cheaper and better one .
 As soon I open the box , I tried to see how it woks ; I got black oil on my hands , my pant everywhere.This machine is leaking oil . And still I did n't use it.What to do with that now , return it to amazon for refund or just trash it ?
 I ordered this micrometer especially because of the .0001 -LRB- ten-thousanth -RRB- range . When I opened the Amazon box , the Brown-Sharpe box label on the outside said it was a .0001 micrometer . When I opened the wooden box , the first thing I did was start reading the instructions , which said the micrometer would measure to .001 ! What , that ca n't be right ? I looked at the body of the micrometer and sure enough , no ten-thousanth vernier scale on it.I ca n't blame Amazon for all of this because the outside of the Brown-Sharpe box indicates the micrometer 's range as .0001 . It 's a pretty nice mic otherwise - if you want to live with the .001 graduation . But that 's not what I ordered or paid for so the micrometer is right back in the box to be returned tomorrow .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I do n't know if the problem was the faulty engineering of the hand pump bottle , or the packaging by the sender , but the pump handle is supposed to lock down when in a non-use mode and prevent soap from coming out . When I opened the package , one of the pump handles was not locked and the inside of the package was a gooey mess and half the product was gone from the bottle . I tried the lock-down on the handle and it would n't lock , so I think the problem is the manufacturer 's , In shipping , the bumping around had managed to pump out half the contents . When ordering , be sure to tell this supplier that they must tape the handle down or something to prevent this . I sent the product back .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Not the actual thing , do n't buy . This knock-off is a waste of your money , it is n't the slightest bit reflective .
 I may have been expecting too much . I thought this would be reflective like the stripes on fire fighter jackets . It was not very reflective at all . I would not purchase it again . The quality was fine , just not very reflective .
 I put a few strips of this tape on my bike , but after a few rain storms worth of riding they are n't there anymore!I guess I should join the cycling-ninja gang now !
 For a 3M product , this one was pretty disappointing.First , it just did not stick at all to my surface . Considering that 3M makes the most aggressive glues in the world , I have to consider this a design defect.Second , it is reflective only head-on . I needed it visible at an angle , and it is just plain invisible at an angle.The pieces that had not fallen off , I tossed , and replaced with standard retro-reflectors and real glue .
 I purchased this product to place on a nylon dog leash . The tape started peeling off after the first walk . The flexiblity needed in the tape for the movement of the leash is not there . Do not purchase with the intent of using on anything that will be bent frequently .
 See title ... Very disappointing . The best and worse thing about the tape is the same - it 's very adhesive , but since it 's not reflective it 's worthless and now I ca n't get the worthless tape off my motorcycle panniers !!
 purchased it on 2012-06 . Unfortunately i do n't see any reflection effect . -LRB- checked during night , evening , day etc. . but no use -RRB-
 THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A ROLL OF THIS TAPE WE WERE GOING TO PUT ON MACK OF KIDS COSTUMES AND ITS PROBLEY 12 INCHES LONG
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 Mat was much thinner than I expected , and pretty much useless . The top cover is n't comfortable for bare feet , the bottom padding does n't even cover the whole mat , comes in a good 2 '' from each side , and at that did n't offer much padding . Definitely not worth the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 One month after purchase and during its 3rd or 4th use there was a sudden noise and no more vacuum . I determined the impeller `` keeper '' had come off the motor shaft , the impeller had flown off and was ruined , and of course no more suction . -LRB- ShopVac has sent a new power head . -RRB- Closer examination suggests the same problem may occur again -- and again . The impeller is made of extrememly light aluminum , and although there is a stablizing collar on each side , the keeper is nothing more than a friction fit/push-on nut rather than a threaded fitting . In addition the attachments are cheap , and their storage and power cord storage interfere with one another . The price of this model has been dropping . I think I know why ...
 When this product first arrived it worked very well having a ton of suction.I am not sure what happened , but within 2-3 weeks the suction has decreased to the point that I do not use the product any longer . Cleaning the tank and filter does no good the the suction is basically gone .
 OK -- if you expected the Shop Vacuum 6 Gallon to be a good intermediate shop vacuum think again . The vacuum has little pick up power and what it does pick up plugs the hose so you are constantly unplugging the hose and clearing the clogs . This vacuum could be a really great vacuum but it needs some major modifications . If I could return it I would as it has not met my expectations in the slightest way.Go to Sears and buy one of their beefy vacuums for about the same price , you will be time and money ahead of me with this purchase .
 Everything about this vacuum makes me think it 's junk . When will these manufacturers learn that consumers are craving a better-made shop vacuum ? It is at the point now that I must be careful when I choose to vacuum because this thing just puts me in such a foul mood . It is just such a piece of garbage that I want to drive over it with my truck and then burn what 's left.Like almost every other shop vacuum manufacturer , the friction fit attachments , wand , and hose require Atlas-like strength to stay together . If you dont force them together , they simply come apart at the worst possible moment . Oh , I could count a million times this has happened to me . Recently , my wife was kind enough to clean my shop while I was away . Her first comment was `` That shop vac is a real piece of crap . Now I know why it makes you so grumpy ! `` Let 's not forget the wheels either . Even the wheels are junk . Will these manufacturers ever learn to make a shop vac that can roll over its own power cord ? When the wheels hit the cord , the whole unit comes to an abrupt halt ; often pulling the hose apart from the wand -LRB- see above -RRB- . Then you have to go back to the vacuum , spin it off the cord , and reassemble any parts that have come off.The most used but least effective tool on the unit is the floor sweeper . Why oh why do they put the bristle part in front of the vacuum area on this fitting ? It just makes the attachment spread the dirt . Honestly now , does this company ever try to use their own product ? I doubt it.The hose on these units are such a joke . Its like pulling a Slinky around the shop . The hoses are cheap and flimsy . Give the hose a slight tug and the shop vac does nothing . Give it a firm tug and it comes racing at you like greased lightning . Look out!Then there 's the filter issue . It clogs too easily . The only time you have real suction is when the filter is first cleaned . Within 5 minutes of use , more than half of the suction power is gone.And lastly , there is a serious noise issue . A shop vac will make you deaf . The high pitch whine -LRB- even with the overpriced `` muffler '' -RRB- drives an annoying sound through rooms , up stairs , and into your neighbor 's house.There are no good options for shop vacs . The Ridgid , Craftsman , and Shop Vac units are all the same . Each is junk . Save your money and buy a good quality broom and dust pan . Sweeping is fast , simple , and far less frustrating .
 as a dry vac , you will spend more time unclogging the hose . the hose only has an 1 '' opening if your really have a job for this shop vac , that you would n't ask of your vacum cleaner it 's going to be stop and go detaching the hose to reatach it to the blower side to try to get something minor as paper not over the size of a bubble gum wrapper with 3 small less then an inch dirt clogs will stop this shop vac in it 's tracks . . Pros , , can see how it would make a decent wet vac for just having to suck up water ... . Seems like a decent motor and power to it ...
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I tried these and the straps are so brittle and junky . Plus the threads in the metal piece were stripped out and I could n't get the bolt in . SO , I then tried the toggler snaptoggle and they work incredibly well . The straps are strong and the design is better . Best of all , MADE IN USA !!!
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 You do n't need this kit . A plastic zip-lock bag and an envelope work just as well . There are many labs that you can choose from for testing for asbestos . An internet search with `` Western Analytical '' will turn up one that offers a turnaround time of just 1 or 2 days . Their cost for testing is competitive with the cost you are charged by this pro-kit , except you wo n't be paying for the kit and waiting on the kit to arrive before collecting your samples . Their site also has detailed instructions on sample size and how to collect it safely.If you are concerned about the competence of a laboratory for testing , you can go to the government site :[ ... -RSB- which provides a directory of accredited labs.I 'd be a lot more inclined to give this a positive review , if the price tag on the kit included the additional cost you are charged for testing the sample . Even if the price was higher , like say $ 30 . As it is , I ca n't see paying nine bucks for a bag that costs 20 cents , and instructions I can get for free off the internet .
 What they do n't tell you about this kit is that you have to mail in a sample AND another $ 30 ... Now you know .
 This product is a simple plastic bag , you have to pay the same lab fee regardless of purchasing this or not . This is capitalism at its worst and is a disgrace to Amazon.com ; should be take down immediately .
 Are you kidding me . Do not buyThis `` kit '' and i assure you i use that term lightly , is a plastic bag that says asbestos sample on it.You can not actually do the test your self . In fact to add insult to injury once you have your sample they want you to mail it to them with a payment of 30 $ per sample and an additional 15 if you want express processing . What a waste.Let me give you all some advise Avoid this product at all costs . Unless your in to wasting money and in that case feel free to send me 12 $ and ill just send you a zip-lock bag and their address . Ill even splurge and send it postage paid to you.I did give one star for the company sending it to me as promised . This rating dose not reflect their service .
 Do n't bother with kit , just send in a little baggy of he popcorn with return address and such on it . Lab fee is actually $ 30.00 . Test kit is just a gimic to get your hard earned cash . When I figured it out I just chucked it .
 This company never followed through on the analysis . I sent in a sample more than 3 weeks ago , and we have heard nothing back . Therefore , we received no service for the money . They do not respond to my e-mails .
 I bought this kit on Amazon and paid $ 16.31 for the overnight delivery since I wanted the test result back as soon as possible -LRB- total cost $ 10.10 + $ 16.31 + $ 30 = $ 56.41 -RRB- . Amazon worked flawlessly . Problems started with the Pro-Lab . They promise to e-mail you back the results within 7 days from the time they receive the sample . Well ... it has been almost a month since they received it and at least two weeks since they charged the credit card . I contacted them multiple times without any result whatsoever ! Very disappointed - stay away from this company !
 I purchased this product on the assumption that it was a do-it-yourself product but there is nothing do-it-yourself about it . You have to pay for the lab test to be done and pay for the postage to the USA . Not much good to me in new Zealand - I should have just paid for the test to be carried out in a lab here in the first place !!
 Bottom line
 This company has proved itself to be unprofessional , lack 's integrity , and does not do what it says it will do . So far they have taken my money and are requesting more cash to do what they have not done , give me results on my radon test . This has been going on for 3 months with no end in sight . They are non-responsive , have no idea what `` customer service is '' and appear to have a scam program to bilk people out of additional money , at least that has been my experience . I cant imagine why ??? Amazon continues to enable them to stay in business . Do n't use them .
 comes with a silly plastic bag and some cheapo plastic gloves . then you have to pay another 30 bucks to get the sample looked at . totall waste of money .
 This `` kit '' is comprised of a zip lock bag , a pair of plastic loves , and a mailing label . You mail your sample and AN ADDITIONAL $ 30 to the company to have it tested . That was n't clear by the description . It pays to read the reviews on Amazon !
 Do not buy test kit . Requires 30 $ lab fee to test for asbestos !!!!!!!!!!! will never but a do it yourself kit again
 The description reads that the lab analysis fee is $ 15 . Wrong !! It is $ 30 !!! Twice as much . That 's over $ 40 -LRB- counting the cost of the kit -RRB- . You can probably get something locally done cheaper .
 You would think you buy it , that is all the cost ? Not true . The kit requires additional cost of $ 30 - $ 45 for process .
 I bought this kit to test the wiring in an old house I own . The kit showed up promptly and was easy enough to figure out - capture a sample and mail it in to the testing lab . I am wondering if this lab even exists because I have never heard anything back from them . I think the ` test lab ' is probably code for ` trash can ' . I recommend mailing in the money but nothing else - you will save time and get the same results . So if I could give this zero stars I would .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I could not get a sound from this amp . The orange lights lit up but not the green ones , that are necessary . Amp was un-usable for myself .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 not very sturdy , queen size bed . had to replace with carrige bolts from home depot , not reccomended !!! may seem to look like what you need , but just not , maybe in europe beds just arnt sturdy
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I 'm working as a carpenter and I used the gloves for a week now and they have started to come apart.I do n't think the label `` build tough '' printed on this product applies to it !
 I ca n't believe these gloves . After one day of working the finger tips tore . I 've purchased $ 5.00 gloves in the past that have lasted longer than these . If you have to use your fingers alot while working these gloves are n't for you . I 'm hoping the manufacturer will send replacements . These were n't expensive in any way but I 'd at least like a product to last more than a week . As for warmth and comfort they 'd get a three star .
 Tough , cold weather ? Huh ? Maybe if you live in southern California . I am surprised these gloves are marketed this way . Whatever happened to truth in advertising ... and Dewalt should be ashamed .
 I bought a couple of pairs of these gloves but I had to return one pair because the one I used ripped and began to wear out after one use . They 're marked `` Light Duty '' on the box so i guess I 'll look for the heavy duty ones .
 The mechanix utility gloves use a thinner fabric than the original gloves . When I tried then on for the first time I grabbed the velcro strap to put the gloved on and the strap tore off . These gloves are not worth the cost . Just get the original gloves and pass on these .
 I have small hands and the small utility gloves where perfect for a tight fit , but Mechanix changed the look and fit of their gloves and the fingers are too long and the gloves are not as tight . I returned them thinking there had been a mistake , but the replacement gloves were the same . Too bad they changed my favorite gloves .
 I thought I 'd try a pair and of course pay a premium for them . But they do n't really live up to what I need , just too thin . They do n't offer much protection and are too light to use in cold weather where you might want some type of glove but need the dexterity too , which is the main reason I bought them.Anyway probably work well for most people but not for me , other brands do better for less money .
 the bit is of very poor quality in comparison to cabinet hardware bits you can get at hd . It easily breaks cabinet doors at the early stage of drilling . Do n't purchase it unless you want to ruin your doors !
 I have Stucco walls and it is a pain to try and hang stuff on . So to avoid having to get wall anchors I went on a search for some mounting tape . Because I did n't want to have to spend a lot for the command strips -LRB- in which you only get 4 for about $ 10 -RRB- I went the cheaper way and bought this . Scotch is a well known brand for tape and I thought that this should work . Boy , was I wrong . Not only did it not hold worth a darn . When I actually wanted the stuff I was hanging to come down I could n't get it off . Trying to get my hanging off It snapped it -LRB- since it was wood -RRB- and the strips took off my paint and plaster . Now I have some major holes in my walls that need to be filled and re-painted which is a real pain because it 's a newly remodled home .
 When I first started woodworking , I bought a twenty dollar Forstnet set and have used them for years . Now many of them are burned and unusable . I figured I would throw down some bucks for a quality set . Unfortunate for me I chose the CMT brand . I had a 1 1/8 '' size in my cheap set that was never used and did a side by side comparison of the same size of the new set I just bought . -LRB- Chucked into a drill press , drilling into red oak -RRB- The chinese bit drilled a hole with only a small ridge at the top of the hole , faster , with less effort and less heat buildup . The CMT bit produced a significant ridge at the top of the hole , more effort to plunge into the wood , and the bit was hotter after drilling . I then stroked the cutting edge of each bit with a diamond sharpening stone and tried again . Each bit performed better , but my chinese tool still stood higher in quality . I returned the CMT 's . Got me some Freud brand , their new Precision Shear . Good stuff .
 This is quoted from a tool distributors site `` CMT resharpens top quality imported bits in their own Italian factory . That results in a top quality forstner bit at an affordable price . '' . BS . I opened the box and it looked as if somebody had used every bit to drill through stainless steel , re-boxed them and sent them to me . I had my sharpener look at them to see if it was worth him working on them and he said the edges were all rolled so even at the astronomical price it would cost to sharpen them all , it would n't even work.These are junk .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I used this on a dowel rod on a rocking chair to stop it from squeaking . It did wonderful for the first couple days , but quickly dried out . I feel I could have poured water or WD40 on the same area and got the same result . No lasting effects . It has no odor and seeps right into the area applied . Very easy to use , but not a long term solution .
 I have a rocking chair that was hand made in Hungary and is fitted together - no nails in the entire chair . Over time , the place where the arms connect to the back has gotten incredibly creaky . So , I got this to quiet the creak , but it did n't really work . I followed the directions and even applied it 3 times , thinking maybe it was just an extra creaky chair . But , the swel-lock never did do a good enough job . I wo n't be buying this again .
 The product is advertised as leather grain pigskin gloves . I received leather gloves . I have purchased the pigskin gloves in a store before , and they are much nicer . It was not worth the hassle of trying to return what they sent me , but I would not use this seller again .
 Upon trying on these gloves for the first time I was impressed with their quality and was confident that they would n't come undone at the seam along the index finger -LRB- since there was no such seam on the gloves -RRB- . The gloves seemed sturdy enough , but after only a few days of hard work the leather in the area of my thumb and index finger tips was worn through , making the gloves ineffective for their intended purpose.Overall , I am disappointed with these gloves and would never purchase them in the future . My leasson learned is that `` real leather '' does n't necessarily mean real durable . I will only be purchasing gloves with reinforced fingers tips going forward .
 This was my second pair of these WL work gloves . I really like the fit and the grip is excellent . So what 's not to love ? Unfortunately , these gloves do n't last more than a few uses . My first pair broke down after 4 or 5 uses , which I thought had to be a fluke . The second pair wore out the finger tips after being used 3 times in the fall to stack firewood and clear light brush . My guess is that any contact with moisture weakens the leather to the point that it just disintegrates .
 I have a three car garage with a total of 750 sq feet . I scrubbed the floor and rinsed it well before using the etch . The garage is humidity controlled and was at 78 degrees while working on it . I followed directions to a tee . Each kit had a different consistency . The end result was a garage with three different shades of tan . Very noticeable . The product takes much longer to dry then the instructions state . It has been curing for a month now and today I moved a tool box with wheels over it and it left marks . Would hate to think what parking my car on it would do . I will have to see how this ends up after a few more months and will report at that time . Do to the different consistencies of the kits and the different shades of each kit I would guess Rust-Oleum has a serious quality control issue . I would not recommendthis product .
 I had already painted my 2-car garage floor twice in 10 years ... the car tires always led the way for peeling throughout the floor ... so I followed the prep directions for this product to the letter , scraping off old paint for days and even kept the cars off for the new surface for a full week ... well it took only 2 DAYS for the car tires to start pulling up the surface . With the prior two paint jobs , it took several weeks for the paint to peel ... I feel I should be compensated for the all the time I put in ...
 At my last house I used EpoxyShield and had a problem with overlapping marks , ran low on flakes and , most importantly , even after degreasing the paint started lifting up where the tires had been.At my next house I decided to hire a professional painter to paint my garage . I asked that he buy EpoxyShield Pro version and he applied it after prepping the surface with a degreaser . The floor had been painted approx 5 years before.The coating looked great , no over-lapping marks and beautiful . Let it sit for 7 days without cars . So far , so beautiful ! Two weeks later I started seeing that the paint was lifting up where the tires rested on the surface.I called Rustoleum . They said that because it was applied over an existing coating , that coating had to be sanded with # 60 grit sandpaper.Now they tell me . This info was not on the can although they say that it was on the 3 page instruction manual . Of course , my painter a `` pro '' felt that he did n't need to fully read the directions.Certainly the warnings could have been clearer but the product does look good where it was n't liftng up.The next time though I 'm going to put down cheap indoor outdoor carpet . Much better in the long run .
 The kits state that they will cover a 500 square ft area of sealed concrete , 250 sq ft of bare concrete . Our garage is roughly 450 sq ft of bare concrete , so we purchased two kits thinking it would well cover the floor . We spent 3 days prepping the floor , cleaning it , removing oil stains , etc. . Finally we put it down according to their directions and waited for it to dry expecting something nice . What we got was horrible . They stated to do 10 ft areas , which we did , when it dried , there were roller strokes around each section . It looks terrible . It clearly needed another coat . This made me furious as according to their box , we clearly had more than we needed . It also stated one coat coverage . So I went to their page to email them . Their email was messed up , so I then went to Planet feedback and emailed them . I explained what happened , that it looked bad and requested either a refund or they send enough product to place another coat on it . I received no answer . My husband then went to their page 3 days later and emailed them again , explaining what had happened and asked if we could paint over it , it looked that bad . Again no answer . This morning he gave up and called them . This woman on the phone told my husband that the box did not state how much it would cover , and that it was not the products fault . And better yet to paint over it will require sanding the entire floor . So now we 're left with a horrible looking floor after paying good money to do this . This product does not give you the coverage it states nor is their customer service any good . If you do purchase it , I suggest doubling the amount you need . And you have my prayers should you need customer support .
 I had a similar experience to the previous reviewer . The epoxy is different tones throughout the garage , creating a checker board effect . The roller marks are also quite visible . I called rustoleum customer support and they said that the packaging indicates that the color might not be uniform . Not very helpful . Also , like the previous reviewer , I had barely enough material to cover the garage . I had to spread the material so thin that I doubt it will provide any long term protection.This is the second review that I have attempted to post , Amazon saw fit to not post the first review . I trust that Amazon is not cooperating with corporations at the expense of their customers !!! Lets see if this review makes it !!!
 All was great for five days , then disaster . Floor became sticky and began peeling immediately . Forget putting a car on it , bare feet peeled it up . I can only speculate that good reviews shown here are from Rustoleum reps.
 I purchased a new home about 1 year ago and decided to place an epoxy on the garage floor . The floor had very small oil stains and was in great shape . I followed the directions as provided on the CD and also within the written instructions . It took me about 2 days worth of scrubbing , cleaning the surface to ensure the best possible finish . I also carefully followed the directions related to the mixing and time frame in which to apply the epoxy on the surface.The result was that almost every section -LRB- applied 4 x 4 foot sections -RRB- had a different color to it . No stains -LRB- from the previous oil -RRB- was evident . It is unclear why this is the case but other individuals have had the same issues with this product . The instructions did not mention this possible problem nor explain how to avoid it . For this purpose I would recommend another product or have it done professionally .
 The description clearly states ' 12-pack ' , there is even an Amazon smiley face saying ' 12-pack ' in the image.So I expect 12 bits but I received a single bit .
 Good product but trouble with size that was sold . I bought several of these tubs in 2 different orders . 1st batch I thought I was getting 12.5 LBS tubs and got those . . i figured I needed much more for the job so on my second order I selected 25 lbs tubs . This is simply a lie I got the same 12.5 lbs tubs . If you see 25 lbs tubs do n't count on itthe product is easily to mix and use . . I mixed about 1/2 tub at a time because I had to regrout a bunch of seams in an outdoor firepit . . Do it when you can have above 40 degree weather for 48 hours ... after 3 months the concrete seems to be set well and not seeing any cracks and we have had massive fires in the pit . PS we are covering our outdoor firepit with a cover when not in use to prevent water from building up
 The metal base is very strong and sturdy , but I was disappointed with the flimsy plastic jaws . They are too long , and flex too much to get a tight grip .
 I ordered this vise and like a previous reviewer stated I did not recieve the base . I sent it back for a replacement and recieved a second vise again with no base . I have given up and sent the second vise back for a refund . That 's the way to inspire customer loyalty Amazon !
 looks like a really handy and well built vise . problem is ... it arrived without a base and there 's no way to contact the seller . guess I 'll have to return it .
 Usually I use water base Min Wax Urethane , still not sure why I got this . Recommended by salesperson ? I do n't know BUT IT WAS A BIG MISTAKE !!! I applied this to a new b/r vanity carcass and doors / drawer fronts on Wednesday , today is Friday and it is still tacky to touch !! I have resorted to putting the doors and drawers out in the sun hoping the UV will help , inside I am using a heater + fan to try n force dry it If I can finally get this dry enough to sand I will complete the job with Min Wax , if it does n't dry then I guess I will have to strip it down . SHAME ON YOU VARATHANE ! ! ! !
 when it is leaking , it is quite hard to open the assembly . wasting me a whole morning now . . sigh . .
 This one charge too much shipping fee and you have no option to choose cheaper shipping.When I got two sets for my bathroom and found they did n't fit my current valve system even it 's exactly same model from Moen so I decided to return . However I was charge 20 % restocking fee even I did n't touch anything inside the boxes and return the wholething with orignial packages .
 There are two pictures side by side from the seller . The first picture looks like a zoom-in image of knobs and spray . Then the second one shows the completed suite of the faucet , giving me a feeling that this sale incudes all of these parts . In fact , the seller will only deliver you nothing more than two knobs and one spray . I just called amazon to request a return . Depending on the final return result , I will either down grade the rate to 1 star or upgrade to 3 start . The reason I call it `` misleading '' not `` cheating '' because later , once I got the package , I re-checked the website and found one sentence says `` valve 9000 not included '' . I was overwhelmed by the `` convincing '' pictures .
 poor quality and Amazon 's free return policy expired 6 days ago so I am stuck . Used Black and Decker bits thousands of times and never had any problems . My advice is to test all bits right away to test quality ds you can return all bad bits .
 This product is listed as six drill bits . It is only one . Do not buy this product . Again , do not buy this product , it is not what is listed .
 This product is listed as six drill bits . It is only one . Do not buy this product . Again , do not buy this product , it is not what is listed .
 This product is listed as six drill bits . It is only one . Do not buy this product . Again , do not buy this product , it is not what is listed .
 You may get 95 pieces but many of them are the same . For example , there are 6 screwdriver bits that you get qty 5 of each - that counts as 30 pieces right there but there are only 6 unique pieces . You can get these bits dirt cheap at any home improvement store by the bucket . They should disclose the exact contents on the ad . Also , there are no masonry bits . It comes with the rapid changer but most of the drill bits are standard ones that wo n't fit in the changer . Do n't buy this !
 Although this is touted 95 pieces and may sound a lot , what you get is not really all that useful . There are tons of screwdriver bits , what for ? How many of us really switch out screwdriver bits every time we use a different screw ? I can understand having 3 each for slotted and philips , but not in the 10s . Also , the quality seems cheap . Having this for 2 weeks , I already have some rusts on the converter bit , even though this never touched any water . Also , this kit comes with a set of square drive bits but not hex or torx drive bits . HOW OFTEN DO YOU USE SQUARE BOLTS ??? The socket selction is minimal , and the drill bits seem cheezy too . This is a $ 20 set at best , you pay $ 20 extra for DeWALT logo and a decent case.I am so glad Amazon reminded me to review this item so I can let it out . Where does one find quality tools nowadays ?
 I 'll start with the good . I like the case , and the Philips and Flat head bits were decent . But you can get those in any $ 10 set . The drill bits were complete garbage . I used the set for 1 week and broke 2 drill bits . They just ripped apart . Now , I had this very very cheap Black and Decker drill set before this , and that lasted over 2 years!I have been extremely dissapointed by this set and refuse to buy any DeWalt accessories from this point on.However , I have used the DeWalt compressors and nail guns . I do like those and they seem to build power tools well . However , with sets like this I am extremely surprised how poor the quality of the bits are . Save yourself $ 40 and buy something else .
 Although this is touted 95 pieces and may sound a lot , what you get is not really all that useful . There are tons of screwdriver bits , what for ? How many of us really switch out screwdriver bits every time we use a different screw ? I can understand having 3 each for slotted and philips , but not in the 10s . Also , the quality seems cheap . Having this for 2 weeks , I already have some rusts on the converter bit , even though this never touched any water . Also , this kit comes with a set of square drive bits but not hex or torx drive bits . HOW OFTEN DO YOU USE SQUARE BOLTS ??? The socket selction is minimal , and the drill bits seem cheezy too . This is a $ 20 set at best , you pay $ 20 extra for DeWALT logo and a decent case .
 Thinking it would have the 1/2 '' shaft I bought this bit for use in a router with 1/2 '' chuck . When it arrived I was surprised to see it comes with a 3/8 '' shaft . Something is wrong here . The bit is probably good , but ca n't use it now.The other review is therefor misleading .
 It cut fast and neat , but it does n't make the hole the size it says it does . I 'm really disapointed on the product .
 I purchased this item to drill out a snapped bolt on my Jeep Wrangler frame .1 minute after setting this into my drill the bit snapped in half . I used only a light amount of applied pressure since I was still trying to align it to the bolt hole without scratching the surrounding paint . I was shocked . I got zero use out of this item and it snapped immediately .
 I bought these and it was a big mistake . I needed a 2.5 mm bit to install some Blum drawer slides -LRB- it was Blum 's specification -RRB- and wanted to avoid the solution most other companies were offering , using a 3/32 '' bit , which is slightly smaller . That said , these bits broke immediately . One broke while I was tightening the chuck . The other broke on the second hole I drilled . I switched to the 3/32 '' inch , drilled dozens of holes without a problem , and the drawer slides still work perfectly . Perhaps these bits are n't designed to be used with a hand-held drill , I ca n't really tell , but I really regret buying these . I 'm not only out the $ 20 + I spent for 2 bits , I 'm out the time I spent waiting for these to arrive .
 I make bed frames , production-style , for a living . I drill lots of 1 inch diameter holes to countersink the bolt heads that hold the rails on so I figured that it would make sense to get a carbide Forstner bit since it would last practically forever compared to the regular steel bit I use.I used this bit once and then put it away because it left a terrible , jagged edge on the hole and seemed to tear , rather than cut the wood fibers . I 'm giving it two stars because the wood I use is fir which is quite prone to having long fibers tear all over the place so it 's likely that this bit works great with hardwoods and the like , but really , my regular steel Forstner bit cuts a MUCH cleaner hole than this fancy-pants carbide door stop . Your mileage may vary .
 This is by far , the worst forstner I have ever owned , It dulled immediately and diamond hones fail to bring it back .
 Very slow cutting . Must be brought down very gently or will catch . Tended to loosen in the chuck .
 Makita 845017-A MFORCE2 Heavy Duty Gloves . The fit is good , snug , comfortable , does n't shift , good grip on most materials and the protection from slivers , either metal or wood and cuts and nicks is tremendous . BUT : : : : :
 I work with wood and metal and usually use leather gloves , but this time I was wearing Makita MFORCE2 gloves . I had just cut a piece of angle iron with my bandsaw and was smoothing the edge on my bench grinder . The metal got hot and melted the glove , which burned the s ** t out of my finger . Worse , I could n't get the glove off very fast because of the velcro strap . For a glove that costs almost ten times as much as leather , I think they are pretty worthless.p.s . do n't try welding with them .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The picture shown for this product is anOmega 18202 Air-Actuated Bottle Jack -20 Ton . This is not the product that you are purchasing . The product that will be shipped is more likeHeavy-Duty 20 Ton Air - Manual Hydraulic Jack - 20 '' Lift Height . I ended up returning the product that was shipped since it was not the same quality as the product picture .
 The non-metal portion of this product is extremely low quality . The stitching comes undone almost on its own . Would not buy again .
 The corner chipped off this bit on the FIRST hole . This was using a full size Delta drill press and running the correct speed in mild steel . Do n't bother with these , buy the cheap imports , they actually hold up better and are way cheaper .
 THIS IS JUNK . I CAN SEE WHY YOU DID NOT GIVE MEASUREMENTS . I HAVE A 5 IN . VISE , I CAN NOT DO ANYTHINGWITH THIS.THIS IS FOR A MINI VISE . YOUR CO. . SHOULD BE ASHAMED TO SELL SOMETHING LIKE THIS .
 Dont let the title of the glue `` All Temperature '' fool you like it did me . I used it to glue a part on a mold that I pour lead into that reaches over 600 degrees . The part came loose in less than 5 minutes after I had let it cure for 24 hours . I didnt read the small writing which says that its heat rating is about 300 degrees . So I got fooled by the title so dont make the same mistake I did . This is probably a good glue if used in the right temperature but this is definitely not an all temperature adhesive .
 The Merchandises I Received was not same as items I saw picture on the web , it is also difference quality , I can not use it and caused me a lot of problem for delaying my project . Now I learn that it is so dangerous to order on internet .
 Twisted off 2 bolts of 6 that I tried to use these nuts on . They start ok , but seize up half way down the bolt . After using a 1/4 inch tap and die set on the nuts before installing them they work ok , but that is a lot of extra effort . Obviously many of the nuts are not properly threaded .
 These s/s lock nuts were purchased for a sewage pump installation , 15 feet below the ground in a pit . While building the dual pump drop-in assembly , 50 % of the nuts and bolts seized requiring them to be cut off . It was only after I purchased different bolts that I realized the threads in the nuts where breaking off causing the seizing . The total time/labor lost was around 2 hours plus the frustration of trying to accomplish work in the pit and the continued failure of the nuts . I will never trust this bolt company again !
 REAL RATING
 The product was good just could not cancel my order and amazon did not have a valed email address from the company . So buyer beware
 Do n't buy product like this before contacting your cable provider because US providers will not activate a box like this for your digital cable service . It would be fair if the seller warn customers about this problem . Canadian providers will accept third party boxes but not all of them are compatible with all cable providers . Call them and ask , better safe than sorry . Good Luck !
 In the description it said charter cable it does n't work with charter cable I have no idea why you would say it does if it does n't do n't know if it works good or not maybe some day I will have a compatible cable service ... very poor description
 You can not buy Comcast equipment . If you have a Comcast cable box ` for sale ' it was really not turned in and it will be labeled as stolen in their system and useless !!
 The nuts are threaded 0-80 , but the overall size is much larger than is displayed in the image . I had to return them for my application . The same mismatch between image and the product can also be found on the SmallParts website .
 Twisted off 2 bolts of 6 that I tried to use these nuts on . They start ok , but seize up half way down the bolt . After using a 1/4 inch tap and die set on the nuts before installing them they work ok , but that is a lot of extra effort . Obviously many of the nuts are not properly threaded .
 These s/s lock nuts were purchased for a sewage pump installation , 15 feet below the ground in a pit . While building the dual pump drop-in assembly , 50 % of the nuts and bolts seized requiring them to be cut off . It was only after I purchased different bolts that I realized the threads in the nuts where breaking off causing the seizing . The total time/labor lost was around 2 hours plus the frustration of trying to accomplish work in the pit and the continued failure of the nuts . I will never trust this bolt company again !
 I ordered the accessory and paid for one day shipping because I wanted it now ! Only to be told it will ship in 20 days.Defeats the purpose of one day shipping .
 Bought these for employees to use in the freezer/coolers . The gloves fit my 5 ' 8 '' and under women . They are not big enough for my woman 's size 8 hand , or for my men , who just laughed when they saw them/tried them on.Made in China .
 I bought this kit thinking it was a bargain . Truth is it failed me horribly after about a dozen uses . First casualty was the spiral saw . That broke after the 2nd use . The button to lock the chuck , which is required to change bits , stripped itself . So much for that , but I figured that was okay because I still had the drill and saw which , for the price I paid , was a good deal . Next fatality - the saw . Tried both batteries , and both batteries had a full charge , but after using it to cut some MDF for a speaker box then trying to cut some pressure-treated plywood , the motor burned itself out . Another tool down . Now , I do n't necessarily blame the tool here . Home Depot wo n't cut pressure-treated wood for you , so maybe the wood was just too much for this saw . Okay , no problem . The drill was still working.Well , the final nail happened this week when the charger for the batteries died . Now i ca n't charge the batteries making this set pretty much useless . I have a nice tool bag for what I wind up replacing hem with . Buffalo Tools supposedly has a warranty ... good luck finding someone to call to make a claim.If you are using these only fo emergencies where a corded tool is n't around , they might be okay . My advice would be to stay away from this set , take the money and buy a good model of the one tool you 're going to use the most -LRB- probably the drill -RRB- , and stick with name brands .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I bought these from my local hardware store to hang a small shelf on a hollow core door . It 's a good thing they come in a 20 pack.I had 6 anchors fall apart before I got 2 set in the door . The anchors are pressed together from 3 parts . The plate that you see on the wall , the shaft that deforms , the threaded plate on the back . Most of the anchors separated at the front and just fell down into the door . One if them , the threaded part fell off the backside and I had to drill it out .
 2 out of 3 anchors broke when I was driving them in
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 This stuff does n't stick . I followed the directions exactly and waited the amount of time they said to before showing , and it came right off with the first shower . It did stick in places that did n't get wet , and when I was trying to remove it , since it was mostly off anyway , the parts that did stick left a horrible residue that nothing would get off . It was a waste of time and money and a huge pain in the neck .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The last two of these I purchased , the caps split and it ruined nearly a whole tube of sealant . This seems to be a new problem , possibly with an entire batch of caps.I will not purchase anymore of this.I am a professional user of silicone adhesive , not a hobbyist .
 I ordered this product to try to create a `` gasket '' around a 3G iphone case to make it fit a new 4G phone . Because I WAS eventually able to accomplish what I wanted to , I gave the product 2 stars , HOWEVER : After opening the package , per the instructions , I pierced the tube with the screw-on cap , attached the applicator tip & cut off the end of the tip . -LRB- started with the smallest size -RRB- . THEN , not knowing how easy it would be to apply & not wanting to make a mess or ruin my expensive rhinestone case , I GINGERLY tried to squeeze the tube . Nothing happened . SO , I squeezed a little harder . This time , the fold at the bottom of the tube UNFOLDED and began to leak , getting silicone all over my hands ! I also discovered some small cracks/leaks on the sides of the tube as well . However , NOTHING came out of the applicator tip!At this point , I `` tried '' to clean my hands and then PUT ON PLASTIC GLOVES . I covered the leaking tube with tissue and then placed it in a small plastic bag to try to minimize the mess . I also tried cutting off more of the applicator tip to create a larger hole and tried again . NOTHING . It appeared that no silicone was even entering the applicator so I unscrewed it and tried to gently squeeze again . At this point , I discovered the silicone to be REALLY THICK ... too thick at this end to squeeze out of the tube . -LRB- Although it had NO PROBLEM at the other end ! -RRB- I dug out silicone with a bobby pin and when it appeared to be unclogged , I re-attached the applicator and tried again . This time I got it to come out , but only for about an inch & 1/2 and then it quit dispensing AGAIN . I repeated the process , dug out another clog & reattached the tip ... After going through this 3 or 4 times , I got SICK of doing it over and over to get an inch or two of silicone out and so I abandoned the applicator tip altogether . I just squeezed a bit , unclogged it , squeezed a bit more until I had one side done . I smoothed the silicone -LRB- with a Q-Tip , believe it or not -RRB- and repeated on the other sides.I CAN NOT EVEN IMAGINE having to use this for a larger project than my iPhone case without LOSING MY MIND !!! Also , I just threw the tube away after this single use -LRB- for a VERY SMALL PROJECT -RRB- , because I 'm sure it will be completely useless by the time I need it again!Buy , knowing there 's a risk the product may be old or suceptible to this type problem . OR , better yet , RESEARCH and see if there 's something better out there ! I will say , though , that it did do what I wanted it to do . My case fits my 4G perfectly now !
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I purchased this hacksaw and was excited about it . The only thing at the time of purchase I was unsure about was the weight -LRB- 2.6 lbs -RRB- . I guess I 'll do a good ol' fashioned Pros and Cons list : Pros : - Comfortable grip . It does n't feel like it will slip when my hands get sweaty.-Plenty of room to grip while wearing gloves.-Sturdy , solid . No doubt it could take a licking and keep on kicking.-Quick tension release to change blades and tension . Do n't have to worry about spinning a little T knob till your hands ache.-Nice low profile design idea , especially to save space in your toolbox.Cons : - Heavy as compared to a simpler hacksaw -LRB- 1.5-1 .75 lbs -RRB- . - Poor blade storage design . Seems to only permit one extra blade . Only two magnets holding the blade to the saw -LRB- see picture -RRB- . Nothing to keep it from slipping out the top of the saw . Can not have an extra blade in storage if using Low Profile feature . -LRB- see picture -RRB- - Jab Saw seems a bit too much . Blade is too far away from handle to control it . Worried it would fold the blade too often -LRB- see picture -RRB- . - Can not use your hacksaw blade as your jab saw blade . Must be a saw-zall blade.Summary : While I originally purchased this item because of it 's innovative design and ideas -LRB- convertible to low-pro , blade storage , jab saw -RRB- , once I received the product I changed my mind . Since I carry my tools with me everywhere , I need something that will be light , but sturdy . I need something that will carry a few more blades since it may be a while before I get to the store . Plus , blade packs come with 5 or more blades . I need to be sure my extra blades wo n't fall out while in use OR in transit . And I need to be able to employ the features -LRB- Con # 2 -RRB- . This saw would be great if I kept it in my garage hanging up nice and neat and replaced it there after each use , but that 's not what I 'm looking for in my hacksaw . I will be returning it and shall resume shopping for the right hacksaw .
 I 'm tiling my bathroom and thought this would be helpful . The drill bit is very cheap metal would n't make the least dent in the tile I was using . In fact , I flattened the end of the drill bit trying . And the saw blade would n't cut the tile either . Maybe it needs ... what ... softer tile ? Good grief - this is just junk .
 We bought the 3-1/2 '' Hole Hawg and we are very disappointed by the life of this product . We purchased this product thinking we could drill hundreds of holes with it . We only drilled fifty holes and it started to cut a lot slower . We paid $ 550.00 for this saw and we are getting much better life from a $ 60.00 carbide tipped saw . I wish I would have known this before hand . We were drilling 3-1/2 '' holes in 3/16 '' mild steel .
 I really enjoyed the 22 gallon iTouchless trashcan . I received it on or about August 3 , 2007 and had absolutely no problems assembling it . I received the adapter a few days later and could not possibly have been happier.That is , until the motion detector stopped working . I tried cleaning it , turning it off and on , changing the batteries , changing the electrical outlet . Nothing worked.I emailed Amazon and the manufacturer . No reply from 2 emails to the manufacturer . Amazon 's policy is
 We bought this garbage can about a year ago . It was shiny and sharp looking ! My boys named it R2D2!The sensor never did quite work correctly out of the box . One of the castor wheels also broke within the first week . The love for poor R2 , of course , started to fade . We had to remove the other wheels to keep it from going lopsided . We just used it for an over-sized garbage can . The ring meant to help hold your bag in place constantly gets in the way . We stopped using it and just draped the edge of the bag over the lip and then refitted the lid onto it . Several months ago , the screws that held the handle -LRB- connected to a support ring inside the can -RRB- broke . The handle started twisting and the ring inside started tearing the bags when you removed the filled bag . We did not abuse the can at all and used good garbage bags -LRB- force flex black bags -RRB- Oh , and if you have a family that pushes garbage down , bypass this can . There are ridges inside that will catch anything pushed down , even with the can in good shape , and will tear the bag as you try to remove it . I had to remind my teens not to push the garbage down.So here about a year later , I have an expensive garbage can with a touch sensor that never worked , torn garbage bags , with just one handle and no wheels . I am on Amazon now , looking to replace it . I do n't know if I got a lemon , but this can just kept breaking more and more . It was too big to be worth shipping back , so we dealt with it . I will be going back to the plain plastic cans . I at least know those will do what they are supposed to - Hold a garbage bag without ripping it .
 This can has done everything advertised . Went through 2 rounds of batteries in 1 year which is actually quite good . The motor died almost exactly 1 yr to the day I bought it . $ 200 a yr for a trash can is too steep but it was great while it lasted
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 This hoist has good pulling power but when it starts pulling a load it pulls the spool in a downward motion and the cable all winds on the down side and soon builds up and contacts the auto shut off lever and shuts it down . I have tried to change the position that it is hooked on top to achieve the proper balance but that did n't help . It is pretty much usless if you have to lift over a foot or two .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 Hardly reflective and WAY too expensive for the amount in the package . I was disappointed with this 3M product . Generally they are excellent .
 This tape really does n't do much . I have a recumbent bike with a length of PVC piping on the back that I put lights on . I put some of this tape on the PVC piping and it is darker than the pipe . It would seem to work better on a dark surface were you do n't need a lot of light reflected . It does stick well .
 I spent a lot of time reviewing reflective tapes and thought this was the best one . On the contrary , this product was a complete waste of money . It has no reflective qualities at all . I applied several strips to my dog 's collar and my sneakers in order to add an element of safety to our night time walks , but no such luck . I will not be ordering this tape again .
 no need to review -- I would not buy again -- no need to review -- I would not buy again ... I guess I will just repeat myself
 I bought this to apply to kids helmets and bikes for our night bike rides to look at the Christmas lights . The tape is terrible . It does not reflect at all and you ca n't even tell where I put it on the bikes ! I thought perhaps it &#34; reflected &#34; better to cars/headlights so I had kids/hubby ride in front of our parked vehicle with headlight on . NOTHING . JUNK . Do not buy this for reflective gear for your bike - it is NO GOOD . Wish I could return it but it 's already cut and on the bike/helmets . Save your money on this and buy blinking lights or spoke lights -LRB- which is what we did -RRB- to help make your bike more visible in the dark .
 This tape worked great for about a month , then it just started to peel off . In about 2 more weeks it just feel right off . This tape has tobe old or something . It 's not worth penny !
 I bought this thinking it would be the item pictured . It is not . it 's about 5 times smaller than shown . I should have read the desciption more , but still ... list the correct item picture.The product is great , I will return this specific item though .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The idea for this product is good , but the execution is terrible . Adjusting the poles is so cumbersome and difficult , it makes me not want to use the product . Very poor design .
 If this product is used to hold plastic as dust barriers , it is great . It has great portability , looks good and compacts well into carry case . However , the first use one jack handle broke off and I bent the pole of another . It appears that parts are not interchangeable -LRB- wanted to fix the broken jack handle iwth the one off the pole , but could n't figure out how .
 Never got a chance to use this product . The shipping container appeared undamaged and inside each part was very well packaged . I unboxed each pole one at a time and one , two , three were all damaged by broken plastic pieces that held the bottom portion to the leg . I never bothered opening the fourth.Did not want to take chances by replacing with a new one so I guess I 'll just keep shopping .
 I have the Zipwall system mentioned elswhere in these reviews . I wanted more poles , and the 3rd hand popped up under my Zipwall search . And for less money . After reading the claims and reviews and assuming that these would do the same job as my Zipwalls , I bought a contractor pack . I can say for sure that most of these reviewers have never had the pleasure of using the Zipwall system . When it comes to building a `` Dust wall '' , FORGET the 3rd hand . There is no way to attach a plastic sheet to the pole !! So now I need a ladder not only to set up a barrier , but also to keep on fixing it !! What a waste of time and energy . The Zipwalls I have are so quick easy to set up , and they stay put . Plastic sheet attaches to the top of the pole ... FROM THE GROUND ... NO LADDERS . The 3rd hand poles are also very heavy and difficult to manage . And I ca n't risk one of these cheap things falling over and doing damage to my customers ' furniture or cabinets . Bottom line ; these are NOT effective for dust barriers , and in my opinion are far to awkward to use perhaps anywhere . What a disappointment . You sure do get what you pay for . I 'll be buying more Zipwalls .
 I , like many others liked the price . I own 8 Zip Wall poles and figured the 3rd Hand product would come in handy should I need more poles to create a barrier . I must state that my main reason for purchasing the 3rd Hand contractor pack was to aid me in a crown-molding job . I liked what I read about these units and it seemed like they would fit the bill with the square feet and all.I will start by saying that the company must have had many complaints with the poles being used to put up plastic barriers . The box that mine came in show several different uses for the poles in line drawing form . The picture of the poles being used for plastic barriers was covered up suggesting the possibility that they received some grief from Zip Wall , or customers frustrated by the attempt to use them in place of Zip Walls.Personally I find the 3rd hand product quite heavy and cumbersome to use for supporting plastic sheets . Especially when trying to get them up to 9 & foot ceilings ! I had to use duct tape to get the plastic that high . Second , after I jacked the pole up onto the main tee and moved onto the second pole , the first pole came crashing down behind me as I jacked the second pole a little too much causing loss of tension on the first . OK so the 3rd Hand failed to please me on plastic barriers on tall metal grid ceilings . Onto the next project.For crown molding , the 3rd Hand is just that . They performed as expected . The slanting feet and square top plate kept the poles where I placed them . Laying the crown molding on top of the poles was a learning experience . When installing a 16 ' length of crown , you must place your ladder in the middle of the length so that you do n't tip the center pole over or as in my first attempt , the 2 middle poles . Very noisy when they hit the floor . Once that lesson was behind me the rest of my 3rd Hand experience was non eventful.Back to grid ceilings , the poles are nice for jacking up the grids to help in leveling and also holding fluorescent fixtures while replacing grid work on wall relocations . I also used all four poles to raise the ceiling enough to slide a completely dry walled section to a new location 4 feet away without getting hung up on the ceiling grid . Just had to be careful the all the poles had the same tension on them.I agree with most other posters about the button problem . Very difficult to get them pushed in to raise or lower the pole . Raise the pole too high and you ca n't reach the jack handle . The solution there was to turn to pole upside down just to avoid readjustment with those button locks.The weight of all four poles in the bag is amazingly heavy . 8 Zip Wall poles are half the weight and being all aluminum well balanced . The tension mechanism on the Zip Wall units is a pleasure to use over the 3rd Hand unit . In all fairness , Zip Wall poles are not very good to use for crown molding and too light to use for holding grid ceilings up . Each of these poles has their place . Used on a regular basis it is best to use what each one was designed for , or be aggravated by the lack of compatibility that each system exhibits.I too have the same complaints about the storage bag being a few inches too small and lastly , would somebody please tell me what all the different bushings on the large plates are for ? I 'm still trying to figure out how the large feet attach . O NO ! Not the directions !!! Still confused , I love my Zip Wall poles .
 There should have been side pockets for the tops and bottoms that snap on to the posts . It is nice to have somthing to put the 3rd hands in but the bag is to big . A molded case would be ideal .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The set is metric 1 to 5.9 x 0.1 mm drill bits . A mixed set of mostly black oxide -LRB- some bright -RRB- UK & Chinese with a few from Japan & USA . Lengths vary erratically . Many bits were shortened from longer ones then resharpened & reblackened . The resharpening was poorly done producing improper point geometries including points not being centered . A drill bit 's web thickens along the length which also affects a cut-down bit 's resharpening . Several bits had bent ends that would actually wobble the part in the drill press . The company kindly replaced the wobbly ones but bits that are stepped every 0.1 mm are bought for precision metal work which would be hard to achieve with this set . The quality control is just not there . I did n't use the set for a while so problems not noticed in time for a replacement or refund . Comes in a nice Huot index .
 Horrible calipers . I do precision woodworking and have been using calipers daily for the last decade . I 've been using the same couple pairs for years and years ... not high end , maybe $ 40 import calipers but they work well . Ordered a few more to spread around so I would n't always be walking across the shop to get them.The Tekton ones I ordered were noticably lighter than the older sets I have and felt looser overall . The real problem though is accuracy . As soon as I started using them I started getting a ton of little errors in my work . Took me a while to realize it , but the Tekton calipers are so loose and have so much slop in the mechanism that the results are inconsistent by as much as five thousandths.Long story short I chucked them in the trash and went back to my old trustworthy ones . I 'd avoid these if thousandths matter to you .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The gripper grabs the top of sheet goods as promised and has a comfortable grip . Unfortunately it is still easier to carry a sheet from the bottom with a $ 7 Stanley panel carrier .
 It 's hard to use . It 's better to pick up plywood by hand . You ca n't get it by the bottom . Not happy
 I love this tool , but it could be better!This gripper is good , but needs to add an autolock once a panel in place , because once the handle is loss the board will slip off . . Dont use it to lift board to roof , especially if someone is holding the board from the bottom as the video claim what it can be done !
 This product is n't exatly what they say it is . If you are a person who has muscles in your upper arms -LRB- which is most men -RRB- it is next to impossible to get your arms bent to use this gripper . It was easy for a woman to use but for a man NO . I believe that is why they used a woman on their video commercial .
 My previous review of this tool was quite negative but I am happy to report that the manufacturer has completely re-designed it with substantial improvements . It is recommended for anyone who needs to move sheet materials -LRB- plywood , drywall , etc. -RRB- around . The gripper is not designed for materials below 3/8 '' thickness without putting a pad -LRB- rubber or similar -RRB- into the jaws .
 it is a novel idea but for me it didnt help . I needed to move 50 sheets of Drywall from outside up 3 steps into house and down twelve into basement . with narrow stair . it didnt work . as soon a I got 4 steps down and needed to tilt the panel down the stair it hit a stair tread the weight was taken off the gripper and it fell out of it . and bounced down the step crushing the bottom corners . it maybe useful for flat carry by a single person but not up and down stairs . I consider it a waste of money on my part and plan to put it on ebay to see if someone else wants it .
 Good idea ... but not tested enough . . ! the gripper tends to slide off typical sheathing products such asthe 4 ' x 8 ' `` Advantec '' & `` Grant '' products.These sheathings are fast becoming the standard for side wall sheathingand also roofs as well as sub floorsI do NOT recommend this product ... money wasted . . !
 This item is a piece of junk . It has two 1/8 '' strips of adhesive on the top and bottom of the plastic . Even with a very dry and clean tub , even though I cleaned it with alcohol and let dry to prevent any soap or grease scum , it would not stick . Not even KIND of stick . The corner turns do not fit into the angle and simply bubble out.Waste of time and waste of a lot of prep work.I hope you find this review helpful and save yourself the hassle !
 This Product is absolute GARBAGE!Peels Quickly , Gathers water/soap/mold / mildew = smell is awful!Don ' t waste your $ get a good tube of silicone for the bath for 1/2 the price
 What a colossal disappointment ! This thing is cheaply made and poorly designed . It is not even a useful educational tool . One of the biggest rip-offs I have ever seen !
 great looks and quality , BUT it was never mentioned that it was for women so the fit makes your finger really numb and hurt as soon as you wear them.perhaps consider 2 sizes bigger than what you normally wear .
 I bought this needing to work on a project . It took almost 3 weeks to arrive after paying for expedited shipping . Needless to say I had to use something else and ended up just put it in the refrigerator for the next project because we couldnt wait anymore and were under deadline . Hopefully it will hold up and can be used next time
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The website clearly states these gloves are 100 % cotton . As soon as I opened the box the label staring me in the face clearly states 65 % / 35 % ! What a complete misrepresentation , and bordering on false advertisement .
 People who work for a living know that 100 % cotton gloves last longer and more importantly - do n't melt!For those doing hot work to label these wrong -LRB- as is the case here -RRB- is going to get someone hurt ! As well as getting low quality for what is advertised . Shame Amazon - need to fix this !
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 the ratings on this glove were really strong . however , two weeks of only weekend use , I have already had one of the fingers rip on the side . a little disappointing.just changed my rating to 1 star . after exactly 3 wk ends of working with pavers , I have numerous rips across both gloves . i had to put bandaids on my fingers where the holes were.decided to try another set and figured out the problem , once these things get wet , they are likely to fall apart very soon after . not a point a failure a `` Landscaper '' glove should have .
 It was hot outside yesterday -LRB- about 90 degrees -RRB- and I was doing yard work and must have put on a pulled these gloves off a dozen times over 6 hours . The gloves appeared to be heavy duty and were comfortable but they ripped during my first use . The gloves have a rubber pull tab on the inside of your wrist to help pull on the gloves and this is where they ripped .
 this gloves are not worth the money asked for them , 3 days and they are falling apart , and for the guy that can make this gloves last for more than a week , he must use them for typing on a keyboard from siberia , because for heavy work , they are useless , and another thing to consider , as another customer stated , this gloves run SMALL , i ordered the large size and they really run small , so if you still want to buy them do it , just order a size larger of what you usually use and you ` ll be fine , just not for long ...
 The garbage cans are great but come with no lid , the lids they advertise -LRB- an additional $ 9.00 -RRB- were way too small . Therefore went looking for the lids at the local Home Depot and found the the entire thing for less money and with it appropriate lid . When trying to return it , I have to pay for the shipping back and a 15 % re-stocking fee . Not happy .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The first thing I noticed when this tubing arrived is that it is very soft and not kink-resistant . When comparing to regular vinyl tubing this product would kink at larger angles more easily . Also it discolored from antifreeze being run through it . I was surprised that Tygon tubing is such an inferior product as I have heard positive things about it .
 Do n't waste your money . It is cheap but that does n't mean you should be defrauded of your money . Product barely worked few times . No power at all and battery does not hold charge . Plastic blue band was so poorly glued on , it came off the very first day . Piece of junk , should not be allowed to be sold as a working product .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 This tool is a great product for carrying panels but is way over priced . if you want a cheaper , but very well built unit that can do the same thing , go to HARBOR FREIGHT.com and look for a tool called an edge clamp . For 4.99 and 7.99 you can have the same unit and very well built . Just bend the handle and you have for a very little amount of money the same tool . i bought a pair of both and was amazed at the quality for the price .
 Package arrived on time . Contents were packaged for safe travel . They even sent me two for the price of one . The main problem is the product was out of date by two months when it arrived . This would be O.K. except this is Medical Glue not glue for every day use . Guess it will be good to help fill up the trash can .
 these shields would become airway obstructions in use since they fall apart when opened . i returned them a few weeks ago and have not heard anything back from the company - no returned money either .
 I bought these to add to First Aid Kits at a school . The barrier is a thick plastic sheet with a hard plastic insert in the middle . Right out of the package , part of the plastic sheet is cracked at a fold . The insert is not a one-way valve , but does contain a filter . The lower portion of the insert is about 1 1/4 '' x 1 1/3 '' x 1/3 '' and is intended to be placed between the victim 's teeth during CPR . On an adult this might work , but could cause delay placing the insert properly . My main concern would be in using this in a child 's mouth , which would have more difficulty fitting between the teeth , and could also push back on the tongue . Overall , this is an inexpensive barrier that might work for adults , but a different design might be considered for all uses , especially for children .
 I bought these , at first , thinking they would be useful in the car , and in my purse . But then I find these are to be used for CPR manaquins . Even at that , I found them difficult to use in a class with the manquins . I did n't think they were worth the money . The one-way valve resuscitator masks are much better and safer .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I wore these gloves while splitting wood with a wood-splitter . The bark on the logs is rough and wore through one of the thumbs after only 5 hours ! If you 're going to be doing real work , I would not recommend these . For light duty work they 'd be OK . The fit is nice .
 These are in no way heavy duty . Period . I am surprised that Dewalt lends its name to get gloves . Poorly made . Wo n't last a summer and clearly not HD .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I wanted a metal hook for a few doors . I ordered 3 in white . Two of the three had paint bubbles on the front of the hook that make it look cheap -LRB- which they are n't -RRB- .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 You can find some instructions about assembling these on the supplier 's website . Then you assemble them . Then you realize that , while they are ` easy to use with plaster molds ' , they do not actually have the strength to hold a plaster mold tight enough for casting . In particular , the strap itself is sewn in a few places with extremely weak thread that comes loose and ruins your day . Depressing purchase .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I open the box and the smell almost knocks you over it 's so bad , and it does n't go away either . It 's in the rubber but even un-opened and still some plastic wrap on it , it 's so awful you ca n't stand it.It smells like raw bug killer and makes you sick just having it in the house . I have to send this product back it 's so bad , and I never send anything back.The part that bothers me is that they HAVE to know this , and send it out anyhow .
 I Could not figure out why every time i turned on the wall mount 5 gallon it would stink . . a strange burning smell . . i thought perhaps it was electrical . . something in the motor ... but no , its the black rubbery edges of the filter . . they gas out a putrid smell . . the previous reviewer was right . . its the rubber on the filter that stinks and it does not quit gassing out . . bought a new filter and its the same smell . . the second reviewer is wrong . . he said it should n't be used indoors , , hogwash ... this small canister 5 gal vac is designed to be used indoors ... thats the beauty of it ... small and easy to move.the vac is nice , powerful , a little noisy . . but the filter literally stinks . . and why not a washable filter ? . . this falls apart with waterfix it shop vac ! ... i wonder if sears has a better filter that fits ?
 With all the good reviews not sure what I 've done wrong other than use it for wet pickup which it says it can be used for . After 2 months of little use my filter has literally disintegrated ... hopefully have n't damaged motor . Will try foam sleeve next instead .
 Been using this filter for several months and it will not stop smelling up the room when vacuum is in use . They used some nasty chemical in the manufacture of the black end rings and it stinks to high heaven . It simply will not stop outgassing ... . and i bought two of them . Yea . Would not buy this product again . -- Update 12/31/2012 -- Just came across this thing again after tucking it away for a year and guess what ? After an entire year , it still stinks !
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 lasted 7 months lifting 225 # . relunctantly bought a replacement and it did not work at all out of the box ! crap . do not buy !
 I 'm a recent owner of the Shop Vac Hang Up Pro with the 4.5 HP motor . There 's virtually nothing on my garage floor -LRB- dry -RRB- that does NOT clog up this pathetic little -LRB- in diameter -RRB- hose . I 'm incredibly frustrated and disappointed with this purchase . Stay away from it . Naively , I thought that the motor was the most important component and did n't even think about hose diameter . Stupid me . Stupid Shop Vac . Idiots .
 Received my `` hangup '' vacuum a few weeks ago . I used it for some light duty vacuuming down in the basement . After putting up a wall and cutting drywall I figured I 'd use it to vacuum the dust and pieces of drywall on the floor . It does great with dust , but who vacuums dust with a shop vac ? Unfortunately the hose is too small -LRB- narrow -RRB- and since the hose is so long it clogs VERY easily . And when it clogs it overheats . After about the 10th clog I packed it back up and sent it back to Amazon . I instead ordered the 6.5 peak horsepower model -LRB- 925-42-10 -RRB- for $ 99.99 -LRB- has a 2.5 '' hose instead of this rinky dink one -RRB- . It 's MUCH quieter , MUCH stronger , and has not clogged even once . I 'm giving this two stars because I am disappointed with the power , noise , size of the hose , and pretty much everything else about the vacuum . The only good thing is the variety of attachments you get . But who can vacuum with an attachment that only gives you an opening of about 1/2 '' -LRB- crevice tool -RRB- ?? If you 're just going to vacuum out your car or some dust then this is ok for you . If you want a `` shop vac '' like the name says ... then forget about this one .
 OK for general dust collection but noisy . Clogs easily on wood chips . I was pretty dissapointed for my application . Might be Ok in a garage for cars but overall not very powerful for all the noise it produces . Look elsewhere
 The small size and long hose make it convenient , but its poor performance renders it useless . It is very loud , clogs often and the tools fall off the hose too easy . I mounted it on the wall in the garage and thought it would be great for quick cleanups of the car and floor . It does neither well . The small hose diameter and poor suction stop it from picking up any large items . -LRB- It will not pick up leaves off the garage floor -RRB- . To make maters worse the hose size is identical to the disposable clear plastic caps on top of water bottles . If you happen to vacuum one up , it gets stuck in the hose and takes quite a bit of time and effort to get out . I rarely use it anymore . A cordless dust buster has more power and is much quieter .
 Overall , I 've been somewhat happy with this vacuum , but the hose has a somewhat severe flaw in that the inner diameter of the hose abruptly decreases significantly at the connection between the hose and the canister . This is exactly where your garbage will clog . Any job I do seems to involve several unclogging breaks , especially if the debris is on the large size.The corrugated hose has a fitting that plugs * into * the hose , which decreases the inner diameter . All the junk that was able to traverse the entire length of the substantial hose now comes to an abrupt halt in the last inch of the hose . A better design would have had the fitting * around * the hose so the inner diameter would n't change . Seems like it would have been easy to do , since the fitting is under negative pressure and therefor unlikely to pop off in any circumstance.The advertisement shows a guy vacuuming sawdust -- the perfect application for this ; sawdust is too small to clog anything . Try to vacuum up a few leaves , however , and they will shoot through 20 feet of hose only to get stuck * just * before they get to the canister . It 's quite irritating to see a great vacuum hurt by this one simple-to-fix flaw .
 I got this vacuum for free as a throw in for buying a saw . I 'm real disappointed . This vacuum in meant to be hung on a wall , if you do n't it tips very easily . Operation wise it is reasonably powerful , but very loud . The most frustrating thing about this vacuum is the small diameter of the hose , which caused it to clog very easily . Definitely not a ` shop ' vac . Best use that I can find is to vacuum the sawdust off my tools , everything else use a full size shopvac.Update
 I bought this vac at Lowes . it is very underpowered . The hose clogs with small debris in my small garage shop . It is very loud.Do yourself a favor and spend more for a better machine .
 I bought one of these 5 years ago . It has sat on the shelf and only been used lightly a dozen or so times . I turned it on today and it buzzed for a second and quit.I took it apart ... it was clean inside . The blades turned easily . I checked all the electrical connections . It just wo n't run.I would send it in for repair . But no doubt with shipping and repair costs it is n't worth it.I would n't recommend it .
 If you want to vacuum dust only , then go ahead , but even that is debatable . I like ShopVac , and have bought two , of which I was very satisfied ; one for my wife to vacuum the house -LRB- 10 gal . 4.0 HP -RRB- and one for me which I use on my model rc airplanes to keep the dust to a minimum -LRB- 5 gal 2.5 HP -RRB- . This new 4.5 HP unit which I bought for my woodworking shop is a total waste of my money . The unit can not even suck-up small chips of wood , I tried to suck-up one small pebble , 1/8 '' in size at max . and it could not do it . I was very disappointed as I liked the fact that it can be hung on a wall yet was mobile if I wanted to move it around . I was unable to take up anything but the saw-dust and that even was a chore as I had to move the hose end with the attachment very slow . I tried using a 2.5 '' hose thinking it was the small 1.25 '' hose diameter , but that made it worst . The little 2.5 HP unit I have for my models works better than this 4.5 HP . I would love to get rid of it pronto . Do NOT buy this unit , you will be sorry you did . I do not know how some people gave this a 5 star rating even a 3 is too much . I had to give it 1 star because I am comparing it to other ShopVac units which I have in use , and I am extremely disappointed in it , especially since the HP rating is 4.5 and it is no were near the 4.0 my wife has , heck , even my 2.5 unit has more sucking power than this vacuum . Please , do not buy this machine . ShopVac has very good machines but not this one . Do not even look at it in the store , just pass it by and look at something else .
 My unit did not include many of the accessories shown in the Amazon product page photo . To hook the vacuum hose to a table saw , think you will need to purchase an additional accessory -LRB- I burned some gas to visit the local hardware store -RRB- .
 The Shop-vac emits a very very loud whistle from the hose , it is impossible to stay close to it ! It is much higher than any noise level written on the manual.I called the shop-vac and they told me that is normal , so I returned.My suggestion : Do n't buy !
 I bought this shop vac hoping to use it to sweep up bird seeds , cat & dog hair . It really does n't have the suction necessary to pick up more than a few feathers ! I was very disappointed and I can not get help from Amazon making a return so I must be stuck without a refund !!
 From my order the following items were missing
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The item was never sent and it/or it never arrived . The company that represented this item , never sent the item nor was I ever contacted why the product was never sent . Rip off !
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 This vacuum cleaner was recieved with a broken handle and I was told I would be given a refund and would have to order another vacuum cleaner .
 I had this vacuum five minutes before pieces of the bristles from the brush roll were flying all over . It is a cheaply made vacuum . Of course for being a commercial vacuum it is certainly on the low end , so what can one expect ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Based on the price and reviews here I ordered and just received this vise . The size and weight are impressive , but this product is shipped un-finished and unusable . There is some major machining that should have been done on 3 key pieces to make this a useful product , plus it should include a handle .1 > The primary mounting plate is cast really warped - about 3/8 '' from end to end . It should have been surface ground . As supplied you can not mount it flush to a surface without putting spacer washers under all mounting points to try and level . If you do not , and tighten your mounting hardware down you will just crack the plate - 'cause cast iron does not bend - at all .2 > The front jaw plate is also cast with a warp in it . It has a distinct curve - across it 's 9 '' width it 's got at least a 1/4 '' bend in it . Should also have been surface ground .3 > The cast handle should have been drilled out . It was designed to hold a 1 1/8 '' dia . wooden handle , but the out-of-round hole is full of rough casting iron - there is no way even a 1 '' handle fits through there . It should have been drilled out , but I had to spend several hours with a dremel tool -LRB- do you have a 1 1/8 '' drill bit laying around ? -RRB- grinding it round from the inside out .4 > a wooden handle should have been included . Surpisingly Grizzly does not even offer one for sale - I had to order it separately from Lee Valley . What a pain . -LRB- or make your own -RRB- 5 > The green paint is really cheap - expect it to wipe off onto your hands.On the plus side - all the parts they bothered to machine are fine
 I ordered this vise not being quite sure if I could trust anything that says `` Made in China '' ever again ! For the money , this undoubtedly one of the best deals available to us . Must be Taiwan made for it is so much better than the other China Junk I have stuck with . Thanks Grizzley!Update
 The best I can say is that this vise is cheap and that it can be made to work with some effort . If you are expecting a well constructed vise and do n't want to do a lot of shimming and tuning , this is not for you.The bottom of the casting was not flat - it had a bump in the center . What made the shimming hard was the fact that the distance from the flat bottom to the holes for the left and right bars was different at all 4 corners . I needed several different shims to get the two bars parallel to the bottom of the bench and at the same height . This took a lot of time and effort!Finally , the two doughnut shaped flanges for the left and right bars have a flat which is not even close to the same distance from the opening as the main casting.It would also help to include a drilling template - but since they evidently do n't control the placement of the bars with respect to the flat , I can see why they would have trouble creating a template and why publishing something might only make matters worse!A little care in manufacturing - actually milling the bottom of the casting flat and level with the side bars and doing the same to the doughnut flanges at the same dimension would have made this product easy to install . All of the other items I have purchased from Grizzly have been of high quality . Grizzly should either work with the manufacturer to improve this or remove it from their catalog .
 As recieved the vise was an oily mess . Paint was peeling , threads are very rough and the clamping face is warped . Customer service was non-existent after they get your money . Wont ever deal with Grizzly again .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 After examining the tie out I was afraid it would not hold my pet . He is small but very strong for his size , a Jack Russel Terrier . I live in an area where it would be dangerous for him to break the tie out and get away - coyotes . So I ended up buying a Viking brand tie out for large dogs instead and have not used this one .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The gloves are giant and do not fit my hands . The coating on the right glove is double the thickness of the left glove and since I am right handed this makes them to bulky and impossible to grip anything . I will be returning them . I did not test their chemical resistance so I ca n't rate them on that , but they are covered in neoprene . I paid extra for the brand name and am dissapointed in the quality control eventhough they are made in the USA . I hope you have different results .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I like the fit and the manual dexterity . However , when I pulled a skillet out of a 450 degree oven today , it hurt badly , not much better than bare-handed . I am very disappointed . I look forward to using it with a grill when the weather warms up , but I wo n't expect a lot from it . In the meantime , I 'm going to price welding mitts .
 These gloves - although highly rated by America 's Test Kitchen - are almost unusable . They are huge - even for my husband who is not a small man - and extremely clumsy . He is too kind to complain as they were a Father 's Day gift but I notice he continues to use his old worn out gloves instead of the new ones . I would return them but it 's not worth the hassle or expense .
 I was informed that these gloves were available in 10 '' . I wanted to order a long pair and a short pair . What I received was 2 long -LRB- huge and clumsy -RRB- pairs of unusable gloves . When I called customer service at the vendor , I was told they are not available in 10 '' - so they sent me two pair of the long ones . Disappointing for an Amazon vendor !!
 too expensive and top of that the roof still leaked . do n't wast your money . call the roof service.the item not good at all .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was trying to tape off a square on my jetski , then paint it with krylon paint . The surface was smooth sanded , cleaned with paint prep , then taped . Proper preperation is key with painting . The paint laid out awesome , perfect three layers . The next night after waiting 24hrs . , the tape was ready to pul , as a peeled it up instantly i became furious as i realized the paint had bled under the tape . Total garbage in my opinion !
 Very disappointed with this tape . I just painted a room and the tape left a rough edge not a clean line as I was expecting . 3M says this will leave a Sharp Line but I have never seen that , I always see a rough edge . The bigger problem is that I taped along an edge where the tile meets the wall and apparently the tape did n't stick real well as the paint bled underneath in spots and onto the tile/wall interface . Now I have to go back and either scrape the paint off or caulk over it . And this is supposed to be a Multi-Surface tape . I could have done a better job using a wet rag -LRB- it was latex paint -RRB- and just wiping any spots where there should n't have been paint.I would not recommend this tape and I have been painting for over 40 years and have used many different tapes and this is one that I regret using .
 The tape arrived and it appears that it was older tape stock.Kind of dry and not the freshest tape stock . I was kinda pissed .
 This tape was sold at a good price so I thought I 'd give it a try . Unfortunately , it has that nasty habit of tearing length-wise as I try to pull it off the roll . I guess the adhesive is too strong for the paper . Next time I 'll spring for the expensive green tape .
 I bought this instead of Frog Tape because of the `` multi-surface '' on the packaging . The fine print however , says it 's not for wallpaper , wood floors , or unpainted wallboard . Nor lacquered surfaces -LRB- which I do not have -RRB- . That left painted surfaces , but I had problems . Especially with the primer , which I suppose because it was thinner , leaked under the tape . What a mess . I definitely will not use again . I had much , much better results with Frog Tape .
 3M 's SCOTCHBLUE painter 's tape allowed paint to bleed onto my NEW granite countertops , dark woodwork and wall ceramic tile . It tore the new paint off the wall upon removal , which was very difficult because the tape tore REPEATEDLY . I was next to tears . Looks like 3M has outsourced their previous quality to China . 3M never again .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 A little deceptive . The ad reads 1000 per case so I thought it to be a big case of covers at a great price . Instead , I received four packs of toilet seat covers . Next time , I 'll go to Smart and Final and purchase toilet seat covers at the same price and I do n't have to pay shipping costs .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Our site uses several temperature and humidity loggers and this is model has been the least reliable . Every unit has simply stopped working and had temperature current , high and low as well as humidity current high and low all stuck on the same readings regardless of battery changes or clearing . Other units have had the displays fail either partially or completely . The chief user complaint is the buttons frequently become caught under the unit housing when resetting the high and low readings . Combine that with paying over half of the purchase price for annual recalibration and you have a less than cost effective result .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I just finished a few loads of laundry after installing all new dryer ducting , a lint trap and Fantech booster fan -LRB- the system works VERY well -RRB- . After every load the lint trap needed to be cleaned . OK , it 's doing it 's job . However , taking off the door involves pinching the spring retention clip , cleaning the screen then reinstalling the spring clips in very small hard to see holes . The spring clip is awkward and the screen is poorly adhered to the metal housing -LRB- after 2 loads it 's already coming loose -RRB- . Also , the Fantech Lint Trap housing is very industrial looking -LRB- galvanized sheet metal -RRB- , and does n't fully recess in a standard wall frame . I 'm not sure Fantech could have put less thought into how this lint trap would actually fit into a laundry room and be used . It needs to be cleaned often , which will likely be the least desirable step in the entire laundry process -LRB- including folding and putting clothes away -RRB- . I am actively looking for an alternate lint trap solution . I am convinced that the lint trap is necessary -LRB- the dryer vent is n't catching all the lint -RRB- , but there must be a better solution out there ! -LRB- no complaints about the Fan - it 's quiet and works perfectly -RRB- .
 Works alright but there are too many design flaws : Easy to cut your fingers on jagged edges.Door is a pain.Spring clips catch lint.Easy to tear screen on inside door spring brackets.No exterior mounting brackets.Screen is awkward to remove .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Although the Product Description claims the table lifts to 35 7/16 '' , it bairly raises to 35 '' . Listing a seperate `` Raised Height '' of 37 7/16 '' is misleading because the table only raises to 35 '' with the hydraulic pump .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The product is great , but unfortunately the T-25 Bit that the website and the container label explicitly state is included was missing . It is disappointing that the seller chose to remove it . Now I have to spend the money to buy the bit , which by the way , is not cheap .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I bought two of these , used them in different rooms on completely different lamps . Within weeks they were both burnt out . Useless .
 I could not get my lamp to dim at all.I was not at all satisfied with this product . I have to just unplug the lamp to get the desired results .
 The case is sturdy and design makes it easy to adjust the brightness . The internals however lack inductor choke and interference capacitor to smooth out the voltage making lamps `` buzz '' and cause interference . Lack of RFI/EMI suppression reduces it 's rating to one star .
 worked fine for 60 days , then died.if you buy this , buy at least a half dozen to get you through the year
 I purchased this after searching several home improvement stores and not being able to find the dimmer in black . After a few days , the light would suddenly go out . Basically the plug does not fit in properly into the slots and when you try to adjust it , sparks are visible . Unfortunately , due to the numerous amount of times the lights would go out , I 've stopped using it and felt compelled to write this review to warn others .
 The item arrived looking like it had been previously used . There was what looked like a scratch on the top surface that had been painted over . When I plugged it in , the LED light did not come on , and it did not work . I tried it in several outlets , and it would not come on .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I have used Spray N Wash in the aerosol can since , I believe , the sixties . I could depend on it to remove any and most all stains . In recent years I could get it at Wal-Mart only . Now it is gone and has been replaced -LRB- ? -RRB- by a pump spray w / resolve . The liquid spray is not nearly as good ... is this a part of going green ? I know this wo n't do any good , but I feel better venting my opinion . There is nothing like Spray N Wash in the aerosol can.Not a Happy Camper ... Joanne
 This stuff destroyed my comforter . I was trying to remove pale yellow stains from a cat barfing on my comforter . Instead of removing stains , this product left large dark green stains on every spot I sprayed it on my comforter . Yes , I followed the directions exactly . I called the 800 number on the bottle and was offered a refund on the product but nothing for the ruined comforter . Wish I could rate this product lower .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Metalgrip LLC 1/4-20 SHCS.Bolts more or less as advertised , very quick delivery . Bolts arrived covered in oil . If you like your bolts in an oil slick , then these are for you .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I got these to try to get out several stuck and broken bolts . Needless to say , it did not work . They are not strong enough and broke . I got a $ 4 bolt extractor set from a tool store , and they got two other bolts out . I wish that I had done that first , instead of buying a more expensive one that did not work for me . Yes , I could probably send the broken one in and get a replacement . Just to have it break again ? Better to save the postage .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I have been ordering these gloves for the past 2 years . They have been great , but I recently ordered them and received plexglove size 9 instead.Reversible Double Sided Dotted String Knit Work Gloves - Size 9 - Sold As 1 Dozen . I can say they are crap . They are very small in size and very very cheaply made . So use caution if you have ordered these in the past . You will not be happy if they are not G & F.UPDATE
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The part number given for this item does not match the description or the picture . Stanley part # 756550 is a completely different size and type of bracket .
 The description for this item was `` Stanley Hardware 3-Inch Corner Brace , Mechanically Galvanized '' . It is definitely not that . The description given and the image seemed to match , but what showed up was totally different.I would not order anything from `` acehardwareoutlet '' .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I bought it together with a similar brand , since I was going to keep one for me and give one out as a birthday present.Unfortunatly this pair came with some stitches missing so I had to mend them stright away . If I had been in the States and not abroad I would have returned them . Sorry Wells Lamont . The glove is good looking but the finishing ...
 Inly got 1 star because I could n't give it 0 stars.These lasted one day . Actually about 5 hours before they very think and soft leather between the palm pads ripped.They also run very large . I bought a size smaller than normal and they still felt very loose.Will not buy this brand of glove again .
 I had high expectations for these gloves as I should have being I paid $ 50 for them ! I thought I would finally have a glove that didnt fall apart after a little metal work . I dont use them all day or anything all I use them for is welding and metal shaping at home . Well after a few weeks of use the stiching just fell apart in more than one place ! -LRB- mostly on my right pointer finger -RRB- I was also a it disappointed by the fit as well these gloves run very large , I ordered a medium and they still left a ton of room in the end of the finger and that is my normal size with other mechanics brand gloves . Anyway my recomendation is DONT BUY !! there are much better gloves out there for this price !
 These gloves are very comfortable . They also seem durable , at first.I used these gloves for fabrication at work and after a week of use the stitching wore through and they started coming apart.I am very disappointed in these gloves.I think they should use kevlar thread for a more durable and longer lasting glove .
 I was curious how durable these gloves were since I heard so much about them . They were not all that . They were flexible and allowed me to grasp and move around but they did n't last long . I ripped them in two weeks and had to throw them away . Save your money and buy a different brand .
 For the price of these gloves I would expect something that would last longer . It is a heavy duty glove , but not a good fabricators glove . These gloves lasted about 3 days of fabricating before the fingers blew out ! I usually buy the cheapo harbor freight gloves which actually last longer . For the price I would have expected something that would last longer .
 These casters are not at all as rustic as they appear in the picture . They are bright silver and the wheel does n't match the bracket . I could have picked these up at my local ace or home depot . Do not order these if you are looking for ` antiquey ' casters . I am returning them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 3-in-One is such an old brand that you 'd think that you could trust it ... but not . Do n't use 3-in-One on anything you care about.The formula contains vegetable oil which is is in NO WAY desirable in a lubricant , because it turns gummy and sticky and attracts dirt and moisture.They may have some newer products that do n't contain this adulterant , but read the label very carefully.There are other products -LRB- such as WD40 -RRB- that have the same problem .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Shame on me for not reading the return policy first , so I 'll know better next time . I understand a restocking fee , but 25 % . Ridiculous . I wo n't be ordering from this supplier again . Lesson learned the hard way . The product appeared to be fine , but because I returned it without even removing from the box , I ca n't speak about quality of the product .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Header states this T-handle tap wrench is a 93A , but in the further description it 's claimed to be a 93B . -LRB- There are A , B , and C sizes and for some reason sellers here only have the A and C . If this seller 's tap wrench actually is a B , it would be nice to know . -RRB-
 I bought the skeleton with the intention of putting it inside a coffin for decoration . Sure it says 33 inches , but its really not wide at all , looks like a baby 's skeleton , which is what I absolutely did n't want .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 After drilling a few hole in some mild steel the bit started getting dull . I thought for sure this would do the job.Needless to say I was disappointed .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Pro
 Im not sure why I bought this again . I thought they improved it , but it is still not the best stuff out there . If you want to glue stuff to your hands or glue paper or fabric together this is the glue for you . It does not work well on metals or plastic !!!
 The applicator brush stuck inside the container after the first use and sealed the bottle . Could n't break it loose or fish it out . What a waste ...
 I spent a full hour twisting the cap every which way and still have been unable to open it . There are no instructions for opening anywhere on the bottle or cardboard packaging . Who cares how strong the glue is inside if you ca n't ever get to it ? ADDED NOTE
 One review hit this product right on the head . It sure is n't anything like it should be . We even wrote the company with our complaints . We have yet to hear from them . Does that tell you something about the company?We have a Manager 's High Back Chair and the arm rest has broken . If we knew that this glue was not up to par , we would have first tried Gorilla.Oh well ... live and learn . Hey , Krazy Glue ... stick to children 's Elmer white glue ... please . At least that product works on paper .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I have always really liked the quality of Starrett tools , and have a number of their products in my shop . This one was a huge dissapointment , though . The chuck on this tee handle tap wrench is intended only for hand tightening , and seemed pretty sturdy at first glance . However , on the second use , the cap screw that tightens the chuck split , right at the nose . Incredible ! No way that should have happened . I returned it to Amazon , and thankfully their customer service came through as usual with an immediate refund . That 's why I continue to buy from them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I ONLY reason that I bought these gloves is that these were SUPPOSED to be puncture resistant . These are very far from being puncture or cut resistant . These gloves can not even block from small wooden or plastic pointed objects , how in the world would they stand up against glass and even more solid objects . These gloves are total GARBAGE . STAY AWAY FROM THIS USELESS PRODUCT !! Save your money and buy some better quality gloves from a hardware store .
 As an amateur whittler I purchased these gloves primarily due to their claim of puncture resistance . I was tempted to buy the chain mail gloves offered by Amazon but when I saw the price I quickly looked for an alternative - Enter the 22600XL BladeX5 Gripas . Out of the box the XL size fit comfortably on my fairly large hands , and equipped with my new gloves I headed for the kitchen to seek out a steak knife to test the claim of puncture-resistance . With a canvas-like rear and a rubberized coating on the palmar surface I was easily able to open the knife drawer and select a suitable weapon with a pointy end . I was tempted to take a Jack-the-Ripper like lunge but at the last moment I deciding that discretion was the better part of valor so I opted for a short jabbing thrust to the middle of my palm.Two hours later I was on my way back home from the local urgent treatment center with a backside full of a tetanus booster , an incredible hulk band aid on my hand , and a bill for $ 175 . I ca n't speak for the Gripas claim to be cut & slash resistant because after it 's herculean failure in the puncture department I have n't built up enough nerve to try a cut or a slash.In short - BUYER BEWARE .
 The description say puncture resistant , they are not , a simple nail will poke straight through , never mine some thing with a real point on it , do n't waste your time or money on this rubbish , company will not do anything about the issue either , do n't waste you money buying of them either .
 It 's got this texture that might help avoid a cut but it 's basically just rubber . Save your money . You 'd be better off getting a metal glove . A little cumbersome but works much better . The fit was n't very good either . It felt tight on my palm but it was loose in the fingers . Do not recommend .
 I purchased this for use in a high school chemistry class . After one use the top came off and I could not screw it back on . The base is also poorly connected . I would not buy this again .
 I have not been able to get it to work once yet . I emailed arbor but no response . Very disaapointing .
 I bought a pair of these gloves and it was not until I opened the package that I realized they are for the same hand . They were supposed to protect my hands from the food slicer but they are both for the left hand . Hmmmm . I do n't know what to say .
 The gloves work & their ok but really small in size , not super quity . I 've had the gloves a short time an they show waer spots of the fingers.A friend of mine has the `` ove glove '' an says it lots better . I guess I should of bought the real thing not a knock off .
 This glove smell very bad when it is new . I guess maybe all glove made of this Kevlar material all smell bad.Beside the smell , I do n't feel the glove comfortable to wear . I will try to buy other glove to see if they are better.However , this glove is inexpensive , compare with other glove .
 Sturdy work gloves but difficult to work in as they are really thick and not very form fitting . I send them back .
 This glove was similar to the kevlar glove I had before -LRB- 8 yrs ago -RRB- and worked perfectly . I used the glove for pulling thorny weeds by hand -LRB- I ca n't remember the name of the weed -RRB- . The old one never had thorns go through gloves . This new one did . I got surprised that the thorn went through . I guess I ca n't use it for this purpose . I did not try it with a knife as other reviewers had done it .
 I bought this glove since it was paired with the oyster shucking knife which I was buying ... says that it 's a popular purchasing combo . This is not a suitable oyster shucking glove . The description does n't tell you that the back of the hand part is a knit fabric . Not very practical when there 's a lot of water-splashing , oyster juice sloshing , and rinsing going on . On the plus side , I did n't come close to cutting myself while shucking . On the negative side , I was starting to get prune fingers from the water soaking through the knit part of the glove and collecting in the fingers .
 Received these gloves only to find that both gloves were for the left hand which rendered them useless for me . It was more trouble to return than I wanted to be bothered with . I do n't know if all these gloves come like this or I was just lucky .
 I bought these to use with a new mandolin . I am female and my hands are 8 &#34; , so I ordered a medium . These arrived in good condition , but they are really tiny , only going down my fingers about 2/3 of their length . I called the manufacturer to verify the sizing , and the person who answered the phone was very nice . He said these gloves are sized for men , and at 8 &#34; I should fit a medium . He was mystified that mine were tiny and asked if I was really sure I 'd purchased the genuine G&F brand directly from Amazon -LRB- not another reseller -RRB- . I did . He said there are knock-offs that confuse customers , but from everything I can tell , these were a legitimate purchase with the G&F logo on the tag , sold and fulfilled by Amazon . He advised me that I could try larges , but to avoid extra large , which are for the biggest of -LRB- male -RRB- hands . However he stressed that mediums should really be the size I need . -LRB- They do n't make small . -RRB- I am returning the pair I purchased and I 'm now unsure whether to reorder the same size or a different size . I may simply find another style to purchase .
 Bought these gloves to prevent cuts from my mandoline slicer . My first time using them and the tip of the glove got caught between the potato and the blade and was effortlessly cut through . It would seem these gloves are more resistant to slicing than shearing .
 They sent the same side . We ordered 2 pair and the large pair was both left hand and the medium pair was both right hands .
 I never used them as I purchased them to go with the Benriner Vegetable Slicer that I returned as well .
 When I first received the gloves I had great doubt on whether or not these gloves would protect my fingers against the sharp blades of a mandolin . They appear to be nothing more than thin cotton knitted gloves coated with a thick rubberized coating . Sure enough , I slashed through the tip of one finger the very first time I used the gloves with a mandolin . No , I did not cut my finger but only because my gloves were longer than my finger.These gloves are not giving me the peace of mind I was hoping for when I purchased them.To be fair , the gloves are not specifically marketed toward mandolin users . It was positive reviews of mandolin users that led me to purchase them . I would feel confident enough to use these gloves for handling sharp glass or metal edges .
 When I purchased a mandolin slicing device , Amazon helpfully suggested slash-resistant gloves . Be warned
 most glass companies use these gloves to handle sharp glass and metal , but they always seem to slice right thru and the elastic cuffs suck , hands sweat in them and they stink after getting wet . terrible gloves
 PAYS TO READ DESCRIPTION ... My bad !! I am sure if you need some tweezers to pick up large objects behind your dresser these would work fantastic !!!
 So we bought these for a family member that is a stamp collector . Out of the package they were rusty and had signs of wear and tear . These are NOT new . Buyer beware.They are also not practical at all with the size and how they are made . Maybe for a &#34; White Elephant &#34; gift , but not as advertised at all . Buyer Beware .
 I bought this very cheap and so goes the quality , it 's not stainless and I could see , smell and feel the stain on mine after about 2 weeks of using . .
 I ordered a white toilet seat . The picture was white and there was no other color listed in the porduct title . They shipped me a biscuit seat . Shipping & handling was $ 12 . They will not compensate me for any shipping to return the seat or order a new seat , even though they admit that this is their mistake . Customer service says they will suggest that the photo be changed . They say there is nothing they can do for me.I would never purchase from this outfit again .
 Flimsy plastic and yet quite expensive . I figured I was paying for the color , but it does not match dusty rose porcelain fixtures .
 Leaves a Red mark on the fingers when the gloves are even a little wet - with dew or anything . .
 This dishwashing detergent did get my dishes clean if I had my dishes stacked just so . The problem is that if you have a detergent dispenser with a door that opens at the right time -LRB- which most washers do -RRB- you can not utilize the space around that door . If ANYTHING is hindering that door from opening ALL THE WAY the tab does not come out and fully clean the dishes . I will be going back to liquid as soon as this box is done . I have had to rewash several loads because of this so , due to this being somewhat expensive detergent , the sometimes double use of water and electricity and not being able to get as many dishes in , it will not be on my next shopping list .
 After using it two times to scrub the floor in front of my unit there is no much brush left except for a piece of wood
 Good squeegie only for a small window . Well made but way too small . Good quality but not wide enough for me .
 The photo made it look so much bigger . the blade is sooo small . not sure why you would need a squegee this small .
 The puncture resistant material on the palms of the gloves is fabulous ! However , the thin material over the backs was shredded withing a couple of days . Would n't bother wasting my money !
 I bought these gloves as a gift for my brother based on another reviewer 's positive comments . My brother does hardscaping for a living . The gloves fell apart in a few hours . He said the cotton gloves that he buys from the hardware store for a few dollars last at least a few days .
 This 21 gallon version is half the size of one of those big , round Rubbermaid Roughneck trash cans you get at Home Depot . That is to say it is massive , and the photo appears too narrow and tall to be the picture of this item . It 's more stout and wide . For anyone but the foreman of a massive manufacturing floor this thing is virtually useless.The construction actually looks pretty good and tough , and it reads `` Made in USA '' on the label . I rated it low because of the misrepresented photo and the return policy.IMPORTANT
 This is not a 1/16 '' drill bit ! This is TINY . I received two of these , and the replacement was the wrong size too . This does n't even look like the picture in the item description ! I would rate this 0 stars if I could .
 worked great lifting , but could not lower it . no instructions on how it operates or maintenence . not bad if for the reasons I mentioned .
 The set may be OK for you to install a few hinges on soft wood doors . All three broke after I used them for making only 2 ~ 3 holes on my solid mahogany doors . The drill bits burn the wood and then stuck . The screw that holds the bit is too fragile .
 Got these on Friday , had to install 18 doors today . Broke 2 of these bits before I had 3 doors drilled . It is nice that I can replace the bits but still annoying that I have to get new bits now .
 Seriously , I think they bought these at harbor freight and resold them . The set screws would not hold the drill bit in place from the very first use . I was drilling in very soft wood . After fussing with them for a while I gave up . I suggest you get a set from somewhere that you can vouch for the manufacturer .
 The first time I used one of these , the drill bit came loose and got stuck in the wood . The set screw will not keep the bit in the sheath . I emailed Anytime tools and got no response . I wo n't be buying from them Anytime soon .
 piss poor , the drill broke the first time I used it and they are made very cheap I would not recommend this product
 I actually bought this item because I really wanted to improve and speed up my cabinet making work.Well , it obviously did n't meet my expectation . The holes are way of the center , and I am doing much better work without them.In my opinion - waste of money.Thanks for reading , Gingko .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 do not buy . waste of money . you get a tiny amount , and i wrapped the hell out of a garden hose coupling , even tried it twice , with no success . still leaks . so , do n't expect a miracle .
 Item received was neither the color , NOR even the BRAND advertised.Instead , here 's what was received :1 -RRB- A YELLOW sling , vice the grey one pictured -LRB- Color matters in my case -RRB- .2 -RRB- Not MILWAUKEE brand , as advertised . Surprised they 're still in business and not being sued for misrepresentation .3 -RRB- The brand on the Load Test label is ` lifitez.com ' , -LRB- mispelled on their product -RRB- . Hard to take that level of quality seriously .4 -RRB- Shipper 's name is liftitez.com ? Odd that they could n't even spell their name write on their product .5 -RRB- A Blank Load Test label sewn on , numbers HANDWRITTEN IN PEN .6 -RRB- A Business card was attached to the package , but with someone 's personal name at the top of the card and SHARPIE 'D out.Too afraid to even test their ` knock-off ' product now . Hope Amazon black-balls them from selling knock-off safety equipment .
 I can not recommend this vaccuum to anyone for any reason . I completely broke down with in four months . Normal use . low carpet .
 Purchased this vacuum 2 years ago and have had the fan break three times on me . I have been very careful not to suck anything up that could possibly break the fan . We purchased this a Agency Vacuum and they charged us $ 900 and then charged us $ 150 for the 24 and 48 month check . I would go with a Kirby .
 The image is wrong for this item . I purchased a half-dozen and they were nothing like the image . Returning them ... annoying .
 Mirror is loose and the set screw was spinning -LRB- thread was stripped -RRB- because the design is not reliable with these small ball joints . . the set screw is way too small to generate enough clamping load and the bracket is too thin ... Will return the defective product and make my own ... These big name companies used to be very good ... now the prices are cheap and you get rubbish . . Why not make something sturdy and charge a bit more ...
 The mirror attached to this product is a very low quality material that makes seeing anything with it pretty much impossible . The item is also rather heavy for what it is . Do not buy this product , as the only mirror function it serves is something to cut your coke on , you drug addict .
 ORDER ITEM DUE TO NAME IRWIN TOOLS , ONLY THING IRWIN ABOUT THE TOOLS IS A PIECE OF PAPER IN THE BOTTOM OF THE CASE . HANSON BRAND STAMPED ALL OVER TOOLS NOT IRWIN . THEFT BY DECEPTION !
 The left-handed cobalt drill bits are handy , but they dull fairly quickly in hard metals . The extractors are not high quality and will make you very frustrated . Be sure to use a tap handle with these , but the Irwin one is about as low quality as these extractors . I would not recommend this product to a friend .
 &#34; Made in the USA of foriegn components &#34; - Big red flag there . Tried to use on a broken thermostat housing bolt . Drill bits did n't bite unless predrilled with a good set . Flutes stripped out immediately . I ended up drilling and retapping so big waste of money on this product .
 Rosle is moving their manufacturing to China and having problems with quality control . Some of the hooks were fine but others lost the plastic sleeve that lines the inside of the hooks when pushed onto the rail and then were impossible to install as the sleeve got in the way . I was able to fix the hooks by prying them slightly more open with a screw driver , but now they are looser than I 'd like and still difficult to move around the rail as I adjust hooks to suit my cooking needs .
 Hate it . Want to return it . I was looking for a product like this to hang kitchen oven mitts on my metal baker 's rack . These hooks will not even hold up a calendar on the front of my refrigerator . They definitely would not hold anything as heavy as a coffee cup , either . I 'm disappointed that the seller 's discription pointedly omits any info about how much weight the items could hold . Makes me wonder why . I hope potential customers get to read this .
 Very weak magnets . Would not hold up a small key chain with only 2 keys.Can ' t imagine what they would be useful for .
 These were strong enough to barely hold up a bathroom hand towel but when they fell , they 'd break . Bummed about the magnet strength and how shoddily it was constructed .
 These hooks are not as strong of magnets as I expected . I read the reviews and thought , despite some of the bad reviews , these should still work fine for my grill accessories . I was wrong . First of all the hooks are small and my grill accessories wo n't fit on the hooks . Second after making string to hang my accessories on the hooks , the hooks would fall to the ground because the magnets are weak . If looking for some hooks to hold an extra house key , these will work great . Anything over half a pound will likely drag these hooks down to the floor .
 These are not what I hoped they would be . I wanted to stick them on the side of my safe to hang soft gun cases ... not a chance . They are pretty cheesy . Magnets do not even protrude past the chrome case so the magnet itself does not even touch the surface you try to stick it to . Lame . I trimmed the case down on one to see if actual magnet contact would increase the holding power ... nope . These might be OK for a small keychain or a potholder but that 's about it .
 Cheap and great reviews , was hoping this would be my big break into hanging kinda heavy stuff on kinda strong magnets with hooks attached . First up , put the magnet hook on a flat iron surface and tried to hang a pair of headphones off -LRB- heavy duty studio headphones -RRB- ... it worked ... but just barely ! If I apply too much pressure when hanging the headphones -- forget it ! Lay them down like I 'm putting a kitten to sleep and they stay on the hook . So that 's just barely OK to start . The connection between the hook and magnet is shoddy
 I bought these based on other reviews that they are pretty strong and functional . I find this to be false . My keys -LRB- only 4 keys and no heavy keyring -RRB- stay on but the magnet is so weak that every time I lift my keys off , the whole hook comes off as well . Several times now I found the hook in my pocket or picked it up off the floor . This is a very weak magnet and I do n't recommend it for the annoyance factor of having it come off every time I take thinks off the hook .
 I bought these to hold up a standard/full size calendar for the side of my fridge . Not even all 4 are holding it up . I know it was only a few dollars , but Very disappointed . Not sure why the other `` reviewers '' gave this 4-5 stars .
 These are no good for holding almost anything ! Ca n't put anything but the lightest item on them . Would not buy again , or recommend.Useless !
 I have different types of magnetic hooks and these are by far the worst . Not even worth returning , they arrived and went into my garbage can the same day .
 I got these to hold my potholders on my fridge next to my stove . The potholders weight maybe 4 oz . Only 2 of the 5 that came in the pack would hold them up . Not worth the money , spend a little extra and buy stronger magnets . The two stars are for the two that actually worked like they should .
 boxes had only two poles and two flat plates-no hardware and no way to use this product.i dont know if thats the way they were supposed to come and hardware is extra . maybe i misunderstood the amazon description for the product . anyway-too much trouble to return , so i am stuck . mike covington 44201 hwy 17 vernon al 35592
 I bought this for a boat engine replacement project . I returned it . Quick story ... Approx 600lb motor , well within 1000lb rating of puller . On first try . the puller went an inch or two and cut out -LRB- overload safety -RRB- . Hmmm - found that the tool had arived with the puller cable spooled backwards , causing it to rub and abbraid on the entry opening and spooler mechanism . Pulled the cable all the way out and wound it back in correctly . The abbraision problem was solved , but the thing still cut out after every few inches . Finally got the engine high enough , then started moving it down onto a dolly . The variable speed which kind of worked in the pull mode does not work at all in the release mode . The slightest trigger pull caused the load to lower quickly and a minimum of an inch or more . Useless come time to gently lower the engine onto engine mounts . I 'm returning it and getting a manual chain hoist . This product is a great concept , but a poor execution . It might be good for dragging trees or something , but not for any kind of precision work .
 The PullzAll never worked out of the box . Warn Works customer service says the product was probably defective and to return it to Amazon for replacement . I do and Amazon decides to give me a refund -LRB- minus a restocking fee of $ 35.62 -RRB- and not the replacement that I specifically asked for . When I asked them about it , they simply say `` We would like to help BUT ... . and you can reorder another online if you wish . '' Fat chance of that . The time and expense of shipping a faulty piece of equipment back and forth is n't worth the hassle or the cost . Bottom line
 We purchased this Pullzall two months ago , and have used it about 5 times . It has a nice `` overload/auto reset '' feature to stop you from damaging it . it just stops if it is above capacity and gives you a red warning light . That worked fine for a while , but on the 4th or 5th time it started flashing all the lights , then they all went out . It now no longer works . I would n't reccomend this tool if there is any chance you are going to be overloading it .
 OK , So after reading some reviews , I decided to give the Warn winch a try . After all , Warn does seem to have a fairly good name in the off-road world . I needed a winch for my machine shop where we had a job and the parts being machined were about 100 lbs . a piece and needed to be easily lifted from lathe to milling machine and vice versa . I decided to build an overhead gantry and use the Warn 110v unit to do the repetitive vertical lifting . Initial thoughts after receiving the unit are decent quality for a unit that came from China but in a few years of use , YOU WILL NEED A HEARING AID !!! The machine is so loud . Anyway , I set up the gantry and the little winch does a fairly good job of picking up the steel ... at least in the beginning it did . We had about 16 pieces to machine . All in all , I would say that we used the winch to lift 100 # up 4 feet about 1 minute out of every 10 minutes . Toward the end of the job ... THE WINCH WAS SMOKING . . LITERALLY !!! We had to cool the motor down with compressed air in between uses . Even then I was able to notice a constant degrade of power until at the end of the 16 parts , the unit would go into overload when I initially pulled the trigger . I was able to finish the job but I definitely do not think the winch will last another job!SynopsisThese units are disposable and I can not believe that Warn puts their badging on it !! You will go deaf using it!The unit I have literally smokes lifting 100 lbs with a 10 % duty cycle . Imagine lifting 1,000 lbs as they say is the max !! All in all , I am happy to have been able to finish the job without breaking my back but I do not hink that the winch will last . Buyer Beware.Thanks for reading . Jay
 I do n't think it is worth over $ 200 . I use my 1st one to pull shrubs out of yards and am getting more and more ambitious on the size of bush I want to pull . The one wench red lines and I am afraid of ruining it . So , here I am ; BUT , geez these things are tooooo pricey now . Where 's the china alternative?Well , I bought the second and pulled a huge pine tree root ball.i wanted to give it 5 stars , since the secon one seems to have a overload cut out timer ... CRAP ! Bought the second and now I have two BROKEN ones . Examined the guts and man am i disappointed . Too frustrated to type about it ... for now , more later ... . this buggers at least can hang out of the way as reminders of bad engineering.Yep , just saw it in my box of broken dreams , what a shame , the wasted money on these POS ... live and learn ... I have the parts for two of them , and would like to offer an option for other broken ones to be sent for further study of a claim of faulty product . So , have fun with the new one , and when it breaks , let me know and we will go from there ... years later still troubles me , what a POS , one day I will just throw the thing away
 The Warn Model 685000Pulzall 110 Corded Electric Power Tool is very limited in what it can do , due to the lack of a remote cord control or a longer cord . The motor sounds like a power drill is operating it , and the wire rope does not look like it will hold up for long.Because of where the trigger control is located , the operator will have to be right up to the work , and if something is lifted , be on a ladder over the work . It could get dangerous , depending upon what is lifted . This product needs to be re-designed , even if it costs more.A low cost chain hoist is better than this product . Jed A. Peeler
 I used my PullzAll for putting in and taking out docs on my property . Prior to the PullzAll I used a light duty hand winch like you fine on a boat trailer with no problems but my wife purchased the PulzAll for me to save me time and energy . I also have a couple of good friends that have them and use for similar light duty purposes . Within a couple of uses all three of us have burned out our motors . My two friends burned theirs out first but I just assumed they had red-lined them too much but then when mine suffered the same death , I am 100 % convinced there is a serious engineering flaw in the units . Mine would start smoking with NO load on it at all , just running the unit to reverse out the cable caused it to smoke and eventually this heat results in the thing self destructing . Complete waste of $ 200 + .
 Purchased several years ago ... right out of the box it made more noise than a chain saw , but seemed to work o.k. Used once or twice a year until this spring when pulling a tree limb that could n't weigh more than 150 pounds , when it ground to a halt and died , deader than the tree it was pulling . Took to an authorized Warn repair shop as it was out of warranty and learned it needed an entirely new motor , which cost all of about $ 20 less than a new unit . Better off to use an old fashioned block and tackle or a chain hoist than this contraption .
 It was a great tool until the motor burned out after using it for about 6 times . The warranty had expired two weeks before it gave up . I used it for home construction and did not abuse it . A new motor will cost $ 100.00 . Nice tool if you do not not need lift much with it and I may buy another one .
 I love these gloves , but I tried ordering this MEDIUM size twice , and got sent Large instead . The MEDIUM gloves ship from Target - but Amazon has the wrong item number listed for this size , it corresonds to the large size . So bottom line - if you order these , you will get large . I tried to advise Amazon twice , but never got a response . I ended up returning for a refund and ordered direct from Target instead .
 Twisted off 2 bolts of 6 that I tried to use these nuts on . They start ok , but seize up half way down the bolt . After using a 1/4 inch tap and die set on the nuts before installing them they work ok , but that is a lot of extra effort . Obviously many of the nuts are not properly threaded .
 These s/s lock nuts were purchased for a sewage pump installation , 15 feet below the ground in a pit . While building the dual pump drop-in assembly , 50 % of the nuts and bolts seized requiring them to be cut off . It was only after I purchased different bolts that I realized the threads in the nuts where breaking off causing the seizing . The total time/labor lost was around 2 hours plus the frustration of trying to accomplish work in the pit and the continued failure of the nuts . I will never trust this bolt company again !
 Normally when I review something , I use a bulleted `` pro '' and `` con '' format . I 'm just going to skip the pro 's this time and go straight to the cons ... Cons : - The plastic hole saw guide is unstable and does n't grip the door tightly . There 's a statistical chance that the hole will end up in the correct spot , but it did n't in my case . Luckily the bolt hole was n't so far off center that I ruined the door . - The hole saw has all the toughness of a steel tin can . Two holes and it was getting dull . It also fit loosely on the arbor . - The templates only fit round corner strike plates and 3 1/2 '' round corner hinges . You 're out of luck if you want to use square corner hinges or strike plate . - The miniature router bit cut impossibly slowly using my drill . I would have put it in my Dremel , but , given the high quality of the rest of the set , I suspect that the bearing would have melted.A few Pros : - It was n't too expensive - It did n't take up much space in the trash.Conclusion
 Ok , I know we all get what we pay for , but I only have two doors to install ... and right out of the gate , this kit failed me . Let 's not even address the other reviewers comments -LRB- all accurate -RRB- on this kit . Here 's what killed me
 The plastic jig is way too wobbly for this kit to work well . Your best bet is to buy an installation kit with a metal jig . I ended up throwing this one in the trash .
 At first this seemed great ... Got the jig in place , attached the 2 1/8 '' hole saw and went to town . Sure some of the plastic jig got chewed off but whatever I expected that . . It want much ... Getting the mandrel off was a herculian effort but I got it off finally ... Went to attach the 1 '' hole saw to mandrel and found it does n't fit ... Not even close . The threads for it are substantially smaller so it is essentially useless to me . there is no way to get it in the supplied mandrel . None ... Now I have to go to the hardware store and get the right tools when I thought thats what I spent $ 20 on in thr first place . This product is junk . If all u need is to use the 2 1/8 '' hole saw this is the overpriced tool for you ... If you 'd like your door to have the hole for the deadbolt stay far away from this item . Seriously . . I just bought this yesterday and my next order of business is hate mail to Irwin and asking for a full refund .
 Bought this at a local box store . This should have been a quick , easy project , but due to the lack of quality on this product , it turned into a mess . Buyer beware
 I think the reviews on here have been too kind!I bought it because I was at the store and it was the only one there . Now a different store had more choices , which looked slightly better.Even before I could use it , I had trouble . I had a helluva time getting the hole saw off the mandrel . Then once the jig was on the door , it wobbled like crazy . The provided hole saws are terrible . And the plastic guide for the end of the door ? How do they figure those two little plastic tabs will keep it aligned so I can `` router '' ? I had to hold the template with one hand and `` router '' with the other . With my 18V Dewalt drill , that is not easy.The only purpose I found for it was to put it on the door , mark the holes with pencil and take it off . Then use normal tools like I should have in the first place !
 What a hunk a junk . The plastic jig is horrible . I started with the large hole . Right after the pilot bit penetrated , the hole saw hit the door . Then all hell broke loose . The jig went flying , then the hole saw crawled up the door almost taking out my face . I tried separate the hole bit from the pilot bit holder , but it wo n't budge . I may be able to sand my door down enough to salvage it .
 Long story short , my brother had mysteriously lost my hole saw kit and paddle bit set , as well as some other tools . I went to Home depot to buy three lock sets , locking knob and deadbolt and tools to install . I needed to drill two of the three deadbolt holes . Money is tight and instead of buying new kits or just buying the single tools I saw this kit and decided to give it a shot.In theory it should of been a 45 minute job for all three that 's including clean up . It took me close to three hours . Almost all of the time was spent trying switch these cheep bits . Once you would drill one hole the the nut would get stuck and you could n't remove the bit , it took about 1/2 hour of struggling each time . The nut holding the bit was about an 1/8 thick so the wrench kept wanting to pop off it , there was no way to get a good enough bite to give it some torque . I did n't want to use vise grips , there good for a quick fix but it ruins the nut . Just with the effort it took me to swap the bit once was a joke and a complete waste of my time , I had to swap it twice each deadbolt I installed . My old hole saw kit , the nut was about 1/2 inch think , yea sometimes it was on there good but you had the grip to put some torque into it , it always loosened first try.The side punch did not work at all , all it did was make a light mark , I had to use a razor to get it deep enough to where it chipped off easy when I chiseled it , instead of splitting the door . The hole saw bits were bi metal bits . I was going through two layers of 1/32 aluminum , wood and foam . The bit had a tough time going through the last sheet of metal , it had dulled on 1/32 of aluminum.It is not quicker to use this kit , there are other brands that make kits out there that include 1 hole saw bit and one paddle bit , as well as the jig , use that if you have no need for tools and its a one time thing . If you have a use for tools , buy the hole saw kit and paddle bit kit and use a tape . I never had a issue when using those , I got cheap and careless and it got me a whole lot of grief.I sent the customer service department an e-mail to let them know what happened while using this product . I got the instant e-mail saying my comment will be reviewed and a rep will get back to me but that never happened .
 I specifically bought this because it was industrial . Plastic is not industrial . Drilling the hole for the lock I was installing I was waiting for the jig to break . Then when I went to drill the hole for the bolt the flange did not fit the 1 inch bit.If you do order this product get a magnifying glass because the instructions are in impossibly small print .
 I almost ruined my door using this jig . It is very unstable and does n't allow you to see if your hole saw is tilted or straight . The hole saws are also very quick to dull , -LRB- about 5 seconds -RRB- . I have had much better results with the tape on templates . Save your money
 One of the legs was stripped an took a lot of the excitement out of this product . Grandson wanted to use it right away but due to the poor quality of the legs , he could not try it out . It was quite a disappointment .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I was very disappointed by this product and plan to return the item . Their are no instructions as to how to attach my speaker wire . I had to contact the manufacturer to get instructions and the person I spoke with also had a hard time figuring out how to make the attachment . Between the two of us - `` we think we figured it out . '' However the biggest problem is the pins are too long . When I plug the wire into my speaker splitter box , there is too much of the plug sticking out so the plug is not held firmly . I bought these because of the price compared with other similar plugs but I guess I will have to pay more to get what I want .
 The manual was not of much help ... I still dont know how to calibrate the EC readerI think I am going ti stick with the individual testers for each concept
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I 've purchased these before a couple years ago . This time I bought 4 pkgs , and was disappointed . The pieces are now thinner and have mold flashing at the seams . The prongs that do the job of holding onto the peg board are smaller , and do not do a very good job . I would return them , but the cost of shipping and my time handling them again would not be worth it . Live and learn .
 Bought several packages of these . Have been underwhelmed . Made of flimsy plastic and have almost as hard of time staying in as the peg hooks . Better than nothing but not much . May try to make my own out of piano wire.As always , Amazon did a great job in delivery of product .
 Bottom line -- they just do n't work . They pop out of the standard 1/4 '' pegboard . They 're ridiculously overpriced & now I 'm stuck with 'em ! Do n't waste your money . Now , to find another solution for keeping those dad-gum hooks in the pegboard ! Maybe I can invent something ...
 These peg locks are very &#34; light &#34; and &#34; flimsy &#34; and do not do what they are intended to do . If I had been able to visually see them in a store , I never would have purchased them !
 I also felt they did not work very well . We are using a pegboard in place of a coat rack and the hooks keep falling out . I made a tutorial to show you how to make them work . Now , they never fall off . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These do NOT work on the newer pegboards I recently purchased a Lowes . The hole size on a lot of new pegboards is 1/2 '' and these locks just fall out . They do n't work very well on the older version pegboards with 3/16 '' holes either , but they do stay in the pegboard , ... sorta !
 Plastic locks do not secure hooks well enough , they keep falling out of the peg board holes . Another buyersuggested heating them up and bending them before the locks become rigid again . This worked well ... . thanks forthe tip .
 These peg locks did n't work with any of my pegs from the Neiko 50-Piece Peg Board Set . The locks do n't lock down at all over the pegs . I ordered two sets and I have no use for them .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Since i never received the order i cant rate it , , , but i do want my money backthank you very much indeed
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Purchased one of these screwdrivers through Amazon in April , 2009 . Usedit only lightly until yesterday when I was assembling a freestanding TVshelf of 3/4 '' pine plywood and pine 2X6 's for my man cave -LRB- garage -RRB- . Worked great for most of the screws , but towards the end of the job -LRB- qty-10 3 '' # 8 deckscrews driven in , removed , and then driven in a secondtime after glue was applied to the wood joints -RRB- the ratcheting mechanismjammed , and I had to finish the job with a different screwdriver.From Eazypower 's web site , their warranty says in part : `` Eazypower products are guaranteed against defects in manufacturing andwill be replaced free of charge . Please return your product with yourproof of purchase to ... Power tools Accessories and hand tools areconsumable products and will wear after extended use or if usedincorrectly making any warrantee -LSB- SIC -RSB- void ... `` Since I did n't expect that the Eazypower warranty to cover my situation -LRB- most of the time with this type of tool warranty , if it worked initiallyand then it broke after some use , one must have used it incorrectly -RRB- , Idisassembled the tool myself and found that one of the ratcheting pawlshad become dislocated and was also badly bent . I was able to fix thisissue , and the screwdriver works again for light duty work.However , I would not suggest this tool for heavy use such as drivinglong deckscrews , even if pilot holes are drilled first in soft wood -LRB- asin my case -RRB- . Just my humble experience ; your mileage may vary .
 SAVE your money . This is poorest quality tool I have bought in a long time . The bits wo n't stay in the chuck , they wobble all over the place . I will not waste anymore money on it even sending it back . If you want a good push drill buy a true Yanky drill .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 When the mop falls apart -LRB- and it will -RRB- , the manufacturer does not honor the guarantee , except to provide a $ 1.00 coupon towards a new mop head !!
 It would be nice to be able to give an impression of an item purchased a month and 5 days ago , IF I HAD IT TO TRY IT OUT THAT IS.There is still a glimpse of hope ... . please ask me again in one month or so , may be then it finally arrived and I can tell you if it works OK.Until then , I will be wondering why on earth did n't I go to the local hardware store.Marc
 beware of a false picture showing 1 1/8 in hex with one round end . I received one with hex all the way .
 I bought it for the Chinese `` brandless '' demolition hammer and it does not fit . They were advertising that it was bought together . They have a different model now and it fits.So one star for not being for the right product but otherwise it looked ok .
 Does not fit the low cost hammers . The web page ad for the low cost hammer is deceiving .
 Have tried this product and so far I am not impressed . This is not a product that is supposed to be used on tool rests or power equipment tables as a previous reviewer suggested and actually many tradesmen have used floor paste wax for that with excellent results . This product is supposed to be used directly on the tool for cutting metal ; whether that is steel , stainless steel , aluminum , etc. . It worked okay but you really do have to apply after every cut , regardless of the process . No lubricant works best for all applications and materials , but in comparison Cut-Ease Stick Lubricant generally performs better .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 we purchesed this pipe to use between the pump and the waterfall box . it was not strong enough and connecting it was next to impossible . would not purchase again .
 For 60 plus bucks , you 'd think the glove would last longer than a week . I guess after reading the information from their website , lifting retaining wall blocks does not qualify as masonry work . Ripped holes in fingers and palms in about four days . Customer service from the company is the biggest joke . Was supposed to be sent an address to send the gloves back to , never got it . Guess they do n't care . Got another brand of mason gloves for 25 bucks and they have lasted for 5 months now . Stay far away from these gloves , you 'll only waste your money .
 I bought the newer version of these gloves , the ICON series . Suppose to be so much better . This is an absolute honest statement
 For 60 plus bucks , you 'd think the glove would last longer than a week . I guess after reading the information from their website , lifting retaining wall blocks does not qualify as masonry work . Ripped holes in fingers and palms in about four days . Customer service from the company is the biggest joke . Was supposed to be sent an address to send the gloves back to , never got it . Guess they do n't care . Got another brand of mason gloves for 25 bucks and they have lasted for 5 months now . Stay far away from these gloves , you 'll only waste your money .
 I bought the newer version of these gloves , the ICON series . Suppose to be so much better . This is an absolute honest statement
 I purchased this knowing full well that this value brand probably was going to be slightly inaccurate . I was fine with it being off by a couple of thousandths or so , but the product I got was terrible!The reading would fluctuate by over 2 tenths ! TENTHS ! It will read 1.8 '' when it should 've read over 2 inches . Even opening the caliper very slowly , the number would sometimes jump down by .3 '' before returning to the correct value a few hundredths of an inch later . I 'm going to try for a replacement . Hopefully the one I received was a fluke and if the replacement is better , I will change my review .
 I use this caliper for reverse designing of parts so it does n't get used very much . I have 30 + years experience in manufacturing much of which was metal machining.I was measuring a part and the measurements using the inside surfaces seemed to be off approx . .007 inch . I calibrated the caliper and sure enough it was off that amount . Closely examining the measuring edges revealed that they were greatly worn . I have a Mitutoyo caliper that is 30 years old , was used daily for many years , and is still in fine working order . I 'll order a Mitutoyo now to replace this one .
 If the price looks too good to be true , there 's a reason . This thing was off by several thousandths and could not even return to zero within a thou . This might be good for a hobbyist , but if you need to accurately measure anything , then do not bother . Best thing I can say about this contraption is that they cheerfully refunded my money .
 I 'm not happy with this . I bought it because the picture and some of the user reviews said it had a fractional inch mode.However , the one I got does not look like the one in the picture , does not have fractional inches and does not include the spare battery .
 does not work well due to the long length , and no way for the measuring reader to tell where it is on the rod . if you want to use this to measure a brake drum , the reading is immediately wrong after expanding the claws . you could see this by zeroing the caliper , then fully expanding it and closing it . the closed reading goes from 0.00 to off by 22mm . a calibration stick is needed for large measurements , otherwise all measurements are far from accurate
 After being urged by an associate to purchase this Neiko Digital Caliper , I purchased it and was anxious to put it to work . I brought it along on an important project during which I would be verifying dimensions on a large number of SKUs . It quickly became apparent that the readings were not consistent . Smaller dimensions came in OK , however , when I would go past about 7 '' or so the accuracy seemed to disappear . This was very frustrating and I reverted to using my tape measure instead for nearly the entire project . At this point I consider the purchase of this product to have been a complete waste of time and money . The saying `` you get what you pay for '' has been proven correct in this instance .
 Well the Caliper is great but you might as well buy your own batteries from the start . I got two Calipers and both came with two batteries each but none of them worked .
 Purchased 6 of these as a trial for shop use . 2 were received defective and replaced without having to send defective ones back . Good thing because we have stripped the defective ones down to replace parts that keep breaking like the thumb wheel and end plate which the screws just randomly fall out of . On a good note the calipers measure accurately when run through calibration procedure . Outside jaws , inside jaws , depth and step all measure good . Too bad the calipers are made so cheaply . Will not ever buy again .
 Based on the previous good reviews , it sounds like I got a lemon . My set of calipers sometimes loses its mind . The digital readout will start incrementing even without sliding the caliper jaws . If I leave the calipers on my bench , I sometimes come back and find that the readout has climbed to a ridiculously high number like 90 '' -LRB- the calipers are obviously only 12 '' long -RRB- . If I pull the calipers out quickly it will lose count along the way . Full travel of the calipers should be 12.065 '' , but if I pull them open rapidly it only counts to 11 '' or so.For me , these were a waste of $ 40 . I tried to cheap out since my work is n't typically critical to more than .010 '' , but these are horrible . I bought a $ 125 economy set out of McMaster instead and they work great .
 This product shipped broken . After putting the battery in and carefully reading the poorly translated directions , it did n't work . Messed with it for about 20 minutes during which the display ready correctly for all of about 5 seconds.It 's CRAP ! I got ripped off and you probably will too .
 Several months later and the measurement is now jumping around . Every inch the whole length it will jump back a couple of numbers . Not very reassuring that the number is going to be correct . At this point its worthless trash . If anyone was wondering it has a new battery in it .
 Was disappointed that the smaller side of the hook was too small to fit on my closet rod . I could turn it around but then there would not be a lot of space to hang things from the smaller side . Manufacturer should state size rod it would fit .
 Immediately after installing 2 of these belts and running the sander , they came apart at the joint . This was before even sanding . The next belt started and finished the wood project . A fluke ?
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 While these calipers started out working fine , the digital display soon started malfunctioning , adding 0.2 in to any measurement , even when recently zeroed . In addition , the thumb wheel is attached to a tiny , fragile tab of plastic that fell right off after they fell a short distance from a tabletop . I would n't buy these , and I would n't recommend them to anyone .
 The battery is impossible to change . It says to remove cover to change battery . Put my engineer husband to the task ... . He is taking a hammer to it bout now .
 Caliper works fine , Amazon sent me a broken case.The case is very cheap plastic and Amazon did not pack it properly , there were shards of sharp plastic that I could have easily cut or punctured my hand with.Amazon this is UNACCEPTABLE . It is dangerous to ship this way or in such a manner as to allow this to happen in transit.The packaging was THIN.Poor poor effort.The only positive is that the caliper seems to work ok . It needs constant reset to zero but other than that it is a decent caliper .
 Totally bogus set of calipers . If it is n't having power management issues , the scale is n't reacting . It 's just one thing after another . Worst money I 've ever spent .
 I bought this tool and expected a quality tool for a great price , what i received was a tool barely worth the money i payed for it.Pro - It seems accurateCons - Mine never turns off , I have to remove battery . - When you are trying to get readings sometimes the readout goes crazy and just starts puking out different numbers when trying to measure.Overall i 'm disappointed in this product . The price is the only thing that saves it from being a 1 star review . If your needs require accurate measurements , and you need something that will be consistent I would highly suggest a different caliper .
 Well , it sort of works . If you are very slow and gentle with this caliper it measures accurately , but if you move the jaws of the caliper too quickly , it can become anywhere between 5 and 10 mm off.So it will give a reading of between 5 and 10mm once the jaws are shut . Additionally , the caliper I received was visibly bowed , further detracting from accuracy . If you need a digital caliper for quick accurate and precise measurements I would suggest against this product .
 Gave it as a gift at Christmas . They took it out of the box and it did not work . Tried to use troubleshooting instructions and nothing worked . I am returning the product and purchasing a different product .
 died on me in 2 days . i purchased because of all the good reviews . it looks like a bad one .
 It had a solid heavy feel , but I was mistaken . This thing kept draining the batteries while turned off in storage . Now , my Neiko caliper is dead , something is blown inside the circuitry after only a few uses . This same junky caliper is sold under several different brand logos . I keep learning my lesson over and over again to avoid tools Made in China . Now I 'm buying Japanese made Mitutoyo 500-196-20 as a replacement .
 Basically you get what you paid for . I now just use it to convert standard to metric and vice versa . I should have sent it back .
 This item is not working . With trying both batteries included , the readings are so innacurate it is not even funny , the wheel is not smooth , and the lock screw affects the position of the jaws when tightened . I should have bought a standard non digital model . I am stuck with this and use it as a depth gauge . Did not return it as I was too much hassle . STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE !
 I found this to be quite inaccurate . Over 6 '' is often off by .2 inch which is a lot . It may be cheap but is inaccurate so it is worthless .
 Did n't work
 I really tried to like this new micrometer . Looks good , decent packaging but when it comes down to it - what good is a micrometer if it does n't measure accurately ? At first , I got the measurement I expected from a known item . Let 's say for the sake of example it is 1.70 inches . Every time subsequent to the measure I 'd get a +.2 - even after resetting to zero and turning on , then off and resetting - whatever it took - but to no avail - 1.9 - every time . I could always add the difference - but what 's the sense right ? Sorry Neiko - get it right or stay out of the measurement business .
 Worked great for about 2 weeks then the LCD went bad . It 's unable to take a measurement because the display shows random values , does not zero and does n't turn off . The only way to turn it off is by removing the battery but since it 's broke I do n't care . It 's not worth the time or money to return for a replacement . Go buy one from Lowes .
 I did n't want to spend a lot on calipers and bought these based on the good reviews . They worked fine right out of the box , but then the battery died after the first few uses -LRB- despite the auto shut-off -RRB- . The second battery included was dead before I even used it -LRB- not surprising -RRB- . After trying several different batteries , the thing never worked again . Getting them fixed will cost as much as I paid for them.My advice ? If you do n't want to spend a lot for reliable calipers , buy analog dial calipers and skip these cheap , glitchy electronics .
 I had high hopes for this tool , but it is disappointing me every time I use it . I do n't know if it is just the one I have or all of them , but mine only seems to give semi correct measurements if the temperature is greater then 60 degrees . I 've changed the battery 's , taken it apart to clean it , with no change in performance . It will start working eventually , and only reliably for measurements under 2 inches , after that it goes nuts . From what I can tell almost all of these digital calipers are made by the same company in China , so other than spending the extra cash for a good Japanese set , I would just get a descent mechanical one , which is what I plan on doing .
 This item was smashed and it seems that it was smashed before it was put in the envelope because there are missing parts that should have been in the envelope if it was smashed in shipping . I really do not know why someone would ship a tool like a Digital Caliper in an envelope in the first place .
 I ordered this 6 '' Caliper and what we got was a huge 9 '' . The thing is way too big for our uses.I 'm very disappointed .
 there ok but they are to cheap to use at work where they use mitutoyo digital caliper made in japan not china.the digital caliper are NOT ISO calibration and certificated . not coolant poof.box show mitutoyo digital caliper when thay are not mitutoyo digital calipers !!
 Length :
 seems real cheap and flimsy . i could not get it to read , followed the problem solving instructions and it still would read . screen just says 0.000
 The readings taken with this tool were so unstable thattrying to use it became impossible.Jim D.
 I bought this a few months ago . Worked fine at first , right after purchase . Then I did n't touch it for 3-4 months and when I went to use it again , the battery was apparently dead - half of the digits did not illuminate . Kind of strange , as I expect my electronic items to maintain battery charge for a few months if I am not using it . I thought `` fine , at least these guys provided a spare battery '' , replaced it , and tried again . Now the display was bright , but the electronic measurement was WAY off . Sometimes it would measure too little , sometimes it would end up at 500mm when I moved it maybe 25mm . That 's not how it is supposed to work . I am not going to bother with replacement/warranty as this is a fairly cheap item , and it will work fine as a caliper , just not in the digital way . But I am quite disappointed .
 I 've had this caliper just over a month and now its dead . I swap out the battery which still did n't resolve the problem . Maybe I just got a bad one , but its now out of the return window and I stuck with it . : -LRB-
 Just got the tool today and it is junk ! Did not work out of the box . Changed the battery like the instructions stated and the zeros on the display . Instruction stated to pull the cover , but nothing as to how to pull the cover without breaking it . This tool will be in the dumpster .
 This caliper is quite accurate and easy to work with . However , the fine adjustment wheel broke off the first time I used it . This instrument is fine for benchtop use but I would not recommend it for shop or automotive use . Buyer beware .
 When I saw this bargain-priced caliper from a company that does n't even have a website -LRB- that I could find -RRB- , I hesitated at first . However , the great reviews from others convinced me to give it a chance . Unfortunately , I learned the hard way that it is definitely possible to manufacture a bad product , even when working from such a ubiquitous and simple design.The sliding mechanism on the caliper that I received was extremely difficult to move due to a large amount of friction . Upon inspection , I observed that the caliper was scratched in several places and it looked like there was some sort of grease mixed with fine metal particles gumming up the mechanism . It was difficult to determine whether it was the lubricant -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , or perhaps the slider -LRB- gib -RRB- on the inside of the mechanism was manufactured to be too thick.It 's ironic that an instrument intended to take fine measurements was not given much attention to detail during quality control . Next time I will buy a brand which stands behind their products and will proudly display their company logo on the caliper .
 I had the caliper for a month and then needed to measure something to be 2.63 '' when I got to 2.51 the tool started back at 2 again I found this in a few spots junk to me know would have been better off buying 4 at Harbor freight and trying my luck .
 This Digital Caliper is junk . Wasted a lotta time and effort finding , buying , frustrated trying to make it work as advertised , returning ... I need a digital caliper for a few measurements annually and thought this would suffice.It arrived with a dead battery.I put the spare battery included in the caliper and turned it on . The on/off button does not operate and thus needing the battery removed to turn it off without draining the battery.The inch/mm scale selection switch nor the zero ` ng switch did not work either . A stick-on label on the back with conversion table was glued on crooked.There is NOTHING about this item of quality . It 's junk . I returned for refund and purchased a higher priced , higher quality unit made in a country that takes pride in what they make , unlike this piece of junk.I 've never written a review for an Amazon purchase . But the extreme low quality of this item motivated me to say something .
 This tool will serve the purpose for which I bought it . Looks like the tool will work if treated gently and operated slowly . But there is a big problem.When dealing with Chinese products , there is a concept that I call `` Sudden Unexpected Creativity Syndrome '' . This tool is a perfect example . There are three buttons , of which two do not function as labeled.You would expect the in/mm button to toggle between inches and millimeters . As far as I can tell , it does absolutely nothing . You can get the readout to work in inches or millimeters , but not by using this button . Instead , you simply turn on the display via the on/off button . It will read in either inches or millimeters . If it happens to be in the mode you want , go ahead and use it . Otherwise , turn it off and on again -- the mode will toggle between inches and millimeters with each on/off cycle . So I guess you do n't need that in/mm button after all.The Zero button does not zero the instrument . Depressing the button gives you a temporary conversion to the opposite unit of measure -LRB- inches or millimeters -RRB- . A nifty feature , and not even mentioned in the instructions . Too bad it takes the place of the zero function ! The only way to zero the instrument is to remove the battery . Whatever position the mechanism is in when the battery is inserted becomes zero automatically . Forget about using the zero function to make comparative measurements.It looks like someone redesigned the firmware for the circuit and did n't bother to tell the manufacturer who provided the case , buttons , and mechanism . Or the factory accidentally used a chip intended for some other caliper and soldered it onto the board . This is what happens when products are imported without a pre-shipment inspection .
 I would n't waste the time to purchase this . My display is stuck on 0.0 . The manual mentions `` function buttons and slider signals shorting out '' and `` rubber covers out of shape due to excessive pressing '' and they tell you to remove the cover but do n't tell you how to do it . Nobody should have to take this apart to fix buttons and sensors except to replace the battery . There are some obvious quality issues here so buyer be warned .
 I recently ordered the Neiko 6 '' SS caliper and was disappointed to find that it did not make repeatable measurements . Somewhere between 18 and 22 mm the caliper would magically gain 5.08 mm -LRB- so that when you see 25mm on the scale , the digital readout has 30.08 -RRB- . I first thought this might be due to a weak battery , which I replaced with the spare included -LRB- no luck -RRB- . I also thought that it might be due to the locking screw being loose which would allow the sensor to slip , but this also was not the case.In the end I am returning the caliper and will try a different brand . As usual , Amazon 's shipping and return policy is top notch .
 this is the most inaccurate measuring device i have ever used ! never once did i get the same measurement while measuring the same item several times . i use it for reloading ammo and it kinda needs to be precise . i ended up spending about $ 70 on a good set of calipers and havnt thought twice . when it comes down to it you get what you pay for . just sucks i wasted the money .
 The quality of this caliper really is below par , the accuracy does seem to be okay but the slide continues to get more and more loose .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I bought this item as a `` Box of 10 '' . When I received it there was only one terminal strip in a bag , not the `` Box of 10 '' stated in the description . The vendor said that Amazon had mad a mistake and they could not afford to send me the other 9 for the advertized price . They refunded my money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I thought I was buying `` Streetwise Pepper spray '' . It turned out to be a `` bait and switch '' . Rogers Goods sent me a different lesser product than what I had ordered . When I complained to Rogers Goods I was told that 's the same thing . I explained I did not want to spray that I wanted Streetwise . Finally after several attempts , Amazon approved my return of the product . I had to pay for the postage which I did not think was right considering I was given the wrong product from Rogers Goods . JMC
 I bought one of these and it operated for all of two weeks and then quit . I also bought one of Bionaire 's tower units and it quit working in less than a day . Junk !
 Do not buy this product ! We purchased this same item and it worked for about a month . There is no support from the company and I have found multiple accounts online of similiar performance . Actually the accounts of working for about a month are across the Bionaire product line , so they obviously have systemic quality problems ... Do n't waste your money or your time on this product line .
 The 5/64th bit sheared at the base after about 10 holes . The 3/32nd bit worked fine for about 50 . I do n't think I 'd buy them again .
 the bits fall out of the quick disconnects or just spin around , but the bits are very good and sharp .
 In over 50 years I have shattered many drill bits or just outright broken them . This is the first drill bit -LRB- the 1/8 '' -RRB- I have ever bent ! I guess you get what you pay for .
 I used the bits for the first time this weekend and found 25 % of the bits were out of true.I thought I 'd save a few dollars in buying these over the trusted Mikita product and have paid the price.Next time , buy it once not twice .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I ordered these gloves and was never asked a size . I did n't realize they would sell only mediums . I e-mailed ace immediatly right after the order using the email on amazons web page . They did n't return it . I emailed them again the next day and got nothing after that I got an email confirmation that they shipped me medium gloves and a phone number . I talked to someone who just wanted to blame me . He said I never sent any emails and said its my fault for not being able to read model numbers . I wounld n't order from them again . There are to many other options .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 i ` vwe owned two backpacks with reflective fabric within the last year . recently i bought a new backpack that did not have any reflective fabric on it , so i bought this product to solve the problem . sewing it on was easy enough and it looked great . then i took it outside and placed my backpack about 10 feet in front of my car and shined the headlights on it . the fabric hardly reflected enough light for me to pay attention . this reflected SOME light back to me but it was not nearly as bright as the light reflective fabrics i 've used in the past . if you want some black glittery fabric , then buy this product , but if you want to be seen , then just go for the white reflective fabrics .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Some of the old Small Parts inventory is in good shape , some has evidently been around for years . I bought a piece of 1/8 '' x 2 '' x 36 '' 360 brass recently that had two problems
 Ordered some acetal rod and some steel rod and there was n't anything in the tube when I received it . Poor packaging . I wo n't order again .
 These hooks are not `` wrought '' iron and are anything but a quality item . These hooks are bent steel that are -LRB- poorly -RRB- spray painted black . The hooks arrived with the black paint chipping off , visible scotch tape lines on the surface , and poorly drilled holes . The package arrived with a `` check us out '' sticker on it - I suggest you do . The retailer website for this product is -LSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RSB- . I suppose they use such poor photographs of these hooks because they do n't want you to see what they really look like.Shedding more light
 This is not at all what I expected . I guess I should know that you do n't get much for $ 10.00 It cost almost as much to mail it as the product .
 This product , despite its name , is marketed for multiple uses involving securing books on a shelf . Not living in an earthquake-prone area , my purpose was to secure books that were within the reach of a toddler . Problem
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 This stuff does n't hold . Use museum wax instead . I tried this stuff to secure my antique crystal glass items onto the smooth glass shelves of display cases . It just oozes out from under the item and makes a mess all over the shelf . If the item is near the edge of the shelf , it oozes out and drips down the cabinet . If your cabinet gets bumped the likelihood of the display glass falling is almost as great as if there were nothing to secure the glass at all . Do n't waste your money . For opaque items , use museum putty .
 I have used clear Museum Wax and the neutral putty for years . This was the first time I ordered the gel . What a mistake !! I am educated enough to read and follow the simple directions and not one glass would adhere to any glass shelf . Talk about a dissapointment and this useless product is much more expensive . I would not recommend this product to any one .
 Amazon 's ad states that this stuff `` works on most surfaces and glass '' and that it `` wo n't damage furniture . '' However , here 's what the manufacturer 's instructions that come in the box with the product state : `` We recommend the product for use on impenetrable objects and surfaces only . When we say ` impenetrable , ' we mean a surface or object that is completely impervious to moisture or water . It must be completely waterproof . Objects considered completely waterproof are glass , crystal , porcelain , Formica , tile , polished granite , certain varnished wood , metal and many others . If you use the product on any other surface , you run the risk of staining which may not be removable . `` On the next page there 's this warning
 I thought this was the same material used by credit card companies to stick the card to a transmittal letter for mailing . I used it to attach a pocketcam to my dash and the next morning the pocketcam had fallen off and the gel had flowed down the dash . Weird ! This stuff is like The Blob flowing and oozing all over . I would not depend on it to hold anything in an earthquake .
 This did n't work for what I needed it for . When it got hot out it melted , very disappointed ! I do n't reccommend it .
 Good idea but misleading . they made it sound so easy in the description . We had to send it back because it would not hold our older tv . My husband said it had a weight limit and anything but a flat screen was too heavy .
 Not good for use in an RV . Our 22 '' LCD TV would jiggle loose while driving down the road and it only weighs a few pounds . Also , the adhesive would n't stay attached to the TV . We ended up buying a wall mount and modifying it to suit our needs .
 Ordered some acetal rod and some steel rod and there was n't anything in the tube when I received it . Poor packaging . I wo n't order again .
 The only reason I bought this item was b/c i thought this would prevent me from loosing the straw ... well , the straw did n't line up with the nozzle properly so it wo n't spray out of the straw and it started foaming around the nozzle . I had to take it apart and reinstall it but to no avail . I recommend buying the one with the detached straw .
 The smart straw mechanism broke the first time I tried to use it . If I press the button now , it just spews WD-40 uncontrollably.Stick with the original WD-40 if you need WD-40 . And if you 're worried about losing the straw , buy some tape .
 I like WD-40 . I know it works , but I would n't from this new can . Nothing comes out from the sprayer or the straw . Thumbs down !
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 In the description it states a pack of 20 . I thought this was a tremendous deal . So I order 3 packs . They showed up today and it is actually a pack of 2 . Not a deal at all . I can buy them locally cheaper when you add in the shipping cost .
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 This was not at all what I wanted . Worthless to me . I was buying this as a gift for my daughter who loves all kinds of duct tape . Was embarrassed to give it to her . Not much there and not worth it at all .
 Ordered some acetal rod and some steel rod and there was n't anything in the tube when I received it . Poor packaging . I wo n't order again .
 Some of the old Small Parts inventory is in good shape , some has evidently been around for years . I bought a piece of 1/8 '' x 2 '' x 36 '' 360 brass recently that had two problems
 Ordered some acetal rod and some steel rod and there was n't anything in the tube when I received it . Poor packaging . I wo n't order again .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I 'm a craftsman who has worked with adhesives for over 40 years . Typically I use a different brand of contact cement , but it was Sunday and I found I was out of my usual brand , so I ran down and bought some of this . Same project , following the directions precisely , and the glue just will not hold . Well , not entirely true ; the pieces will stick together , but not with a strong bond . My other brand simply would not let go , but this DAP will allow you to peel the pieces apart and reposition them , which is not at all what I want . If you only need some adhesion , then this is the product for you ; if you want a strong bond go with Barge or another brand .
 Quality of the individual parts was good . However , the locking mechanism that prevents the winch from slipping in the opposite direction has a weak return spring , and is n't quite lined up with the gear . As a result , it does not lock consistently . Avoid this product if you need a working locking mechanism.I live in Hawaii , so return shipping is not worth the expense and hassle . It 's a good size for throwing at the wild pig that visits in my yard at night . Do n't need a working locking mechanism for that .
 works good but the on/off button does not function properly , when you shut if off it usually comes right back on . you have to lay it down and than shut it off !
 I bought these calipers because I did n't want to have to spend $ 100 + on calipers just yet , and was pretty excited when they arrived . They feel pretty solid overall and come in a decent plastic case . The LCD is nice and big and very easy to read . I had them for roughly a week and finally got to use them to measure a small part . I noticed that the wheel that moves the caliper head was very difficult to turn . I picked them up a week later while I was on the phone just to look at them , and the wheel assembly snapped right off ! Screw that ! The plastic holding the wheel on broke right off ... and I do n't have monster hands or anything . I was just observing the calipers and bam , no calipers ... I might have had a lemon , but I keep remembering , `` You get what you pay for '' .
 This is a bad product . The device needs recalibration at every stage and even then refuses to give an accurate reading . I am going back to the classic vernier caliper .
 When this arrived , I noticed right away it only had one scale on the rule , metric , in large simple numbering and crude scaling , NOT the dual SAE and Metric like in the photos.I tried turning it on , nothing . Tried the new battery it comes with as a spare -- and the digital read out came on for a few seconds , not giving any useful measurement information . Then the liquid crystal display kind of fluttered and froze up . I checked the instructions , which are crudely translated english , and found them to be worthless for troubleshooting this problem.Putting some finger pressure on the battery case would cause the LCD screen to flicker a bit , but nothing.The calipers then went back in the case , then in the box and off to the post office for a return ...
 Very durable product , but digital gauge was defective . Was n't able to zero out and numbers kept jumping in random increments .
 Plate hangers used to be made of malleable wire , able to last for years . A simple slight bend of these to adjust them to fit breaks the thin extruded wire . I would not trust these to hang any ceramic plate of 11 to 18 . '' I got my money back . If you have a priceless piece to display , do n't trust them to a cheaply made $ 6 item .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The description for this item says it is 100 washers but the packaging of the washers said 30 and the package contained only 30 . The product worked fine for what I 'd intended , but I did n't have enough .
 Rip off . Very expensive . Especially when the stickum on the tape does not stick well at all . Bought to tape end of christmas light extention cords together . H ad great trouble getting it to stick to its self . Took multiple tries and still would come loose . Extremely strange characteristic for all weather tape . Do n't waste your money .
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 Rip off . Very expensive . Especially when the stickum on the tape does not stick well at all . Bought to tape end of christmas light extention cords together . H ad great trouble getting it to stick to its self . Took multiple tries and still would come loose . Extremely strange characteristic for all weather tape . Do n't waste your money .
 Rip off . Very expensive . Especially when the stickum on the tape does not stick well at all . Bought to tape end of christmas light extention cords together . H ad great trouble getting it to stick to its self . Took multiple tries and still would come loose . Extremely strange characteristic for all weather tape . Do n't waste your money .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 A cheaply made product with a flimsy tin hub that requires a 3M adapter to mount it on grinder . After doing the required to mount this disk I realize that the safety shield on the grinder would have removed because the disk rubs the shields rollover edge due to its extended height because of the quick change adapter.I suggest the Norton Clean Strip disk that is basically the same but better IMO at a lower cost and has a solid metal hub built into every disk , there is no fiddling with an adapter just unscrew the old disk and screw the new on the shaft . I did n't even need tools to do this . BTW my grinder is an older B&D ; 4 1/2 '' compact angle grinder with a shaft lock so later models and other brands may be different.I decided to try the 3M disk to see if it would last longer than the Norton . If you are doing any serious work the disk do n't last very long , I doubt the 3M would last any longer maybe not as long considering the cheap construction and since I have had a chance to inspect both .
 Rip off . Very expensive . Especially when the stickum on the tape does not stick well at all . Bought to tape end of christmas light extention cords together . H ad great trouble getting it to stick to its self . Took multiple tries and still would come loose . Extremely strange characteristic for all weather tape . Do n't waste your money .
 Rip off . Very expensive . Especially when the stickum on the tape does not stick well at all . Bought to tape end of christmas light extention cords together . H ad great trouble getting it to stick to its self . Took multiple tries and still would come loose . Extremely strange characteristic for all weather tape . Do n't waste your money .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 With severe allergies I was recommended one of these masks and believed that they came with the filters as pictured and as several reviewers have mentioned . When I received the item -LRB- later than was the projected delivery date -RRB- no filters were in the package . Only the plastic mask piece itself . I was rather disappointed .
 I received the mask but no filters.I am disappointed that I can not get the filters and that my only option is to return the mask.Definitely not good buy or good options for a resolution .
 I got the mask with no filters and the only option they give you is to return the mask instead of simply sending the filters , bad service , bad solutions , I would not order from this store again .
 I wore this mask for under ten minutes and the chemical stench I was breathing in from the filter material was overwhelming . I still felt the effects long after removing the mask . I feel like I 've been poisoned . Yet another new way for companies to screw people over : -LRB-
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 This glove was great when I got it . It had the right amount of pressure , however , one of the seems on the fingers split within a month of receiving it .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 This item was recommended as a mate to the Bosh PS20 - 12vollt pocket drill/driver . Well it does n't fit the drill.Amazon should check their own suggestions . This was a waste of money for me .
 As mentioned by others , Amazon recommends you buy this product along with the Bosch 10.8 volt pocket driver . As also was stated , this chuck is not compatible with the pocket driver . My teenage son bought me the pocket driver and the chuck for Christmas . He thought the chuck was actually a drill bit chuck , which would allow me to use the pocket driver as a cordless drill . Obviously he did n't read the description closely , as this is not a drill bit chuck . My issue is with Amazon suggesting this product as a companion to the pocket driver . Even if it did fit the pocket driver , why would you need an add-on `` Clic-Change '' chuck for a device that has a `` Clic-Change '' chuck already built into it ? In this case , Amazon needed to do a better job knowing what it was recommending to its customers .
 I received the item very fast , Thanks to Amazons 2day free Prime shipping . Just recently used the Clic-change bit with one of the Phillips screwdriver tips , midway through the job the end of the tip cracked and broke , it is un-usable . I did n't use it in a manner that it is not suppose to be used and i take care of all my tools , was not thrown around and has been stored safely since it was purchased . I contacted Bosch and explained to them what happened and they basically told me to either ship the item to them at my own expense -LRB- which would probably be half the cost that i paid for the set -RRB- or send it back where I purchased it . Not even going to bother paid under $ 9 for the set , but expected it to last a little while . The Clic change bit is handy and convenient , but it feels like it will start to fail soon too . Its a shame too because i own several other Bosch products and was planning on purchasing more but this experience with the Bosch warranty service and its product made me decide to stick with other brands .
 I was under the empression that the chuck set fit the Bosch screw driver.your add links them together . The chuck has a 1/2 '' stem and the Bosch can only handle a 1/4 '' . The bits fit well , but not the chuck . I spent my money on the wrong item .
 Pros : Bits are from Good quality . Can be used on a 10mm driller -LRB- driver -RRB- . Cons : Do not fit a 1/4 inch driver .
 This is the worst designed chuck system I have ever seen . You ca n't put the driver bits directly in the `` quick-change '' chuck . You have to use a 1-1/2 '' extender . So , once the Bosch chuck is in your drill 's chuck and the extender is in and the bit is finally in there is a huge amount of play . I measured 3/32 '' side to side play , and I did n't have to use a dial indicator . I just held the extender against a ruler , put my thumb on the end of the bit , and wobbled it . There is also at least 5 degrees of rotational play meaning stops and starts will be all over the place.Bosch should be ashamed of themselves for making it , and Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for selling it . No wonder it includes 6 # 2 Phillips bits . With inaccuracy and play like this you 'll be snapping the bits in no time at all .
 The two clic-change bits that came with my Bosch driver are great because they have a long shaft and click into place . I would love a pack with that kind of bit because the bit does not come out when removing the driver from a tight situation . The clic-change system is good because you need not be so careful -- the bit is part of the driver.Instead , this package has a bunch of magnetic bits that fit into a chuck that uses clic-change ; there is also an enormous push/pull chuck that does not fit in tight spaces . Instead of the bits being like those originals that use the really good clic-change system , they come out as easily as any other bits . You really do not even need the magnetic chuck because you can put the bits directly into the chuck . The bits from my old Makita driver work as well in this system as the bits in this pack.My local hardware store has a similar package with a magnetic chuck and many more bits -LRB- torx , square , security , etc -RRB- for only $ 20 . That hardware store package is now where I look first
 Fits fine seems to work fine , but the exhaust air smells like mothballs . I have only run the vacuum for about 20 minutes since installing this filter , so I hope it will settle down . Probably should have returned it and bought the standard version .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 1 . It arrived with a badly rusted inner chuck .2 . The square tang socket is four very small grooves in a circular hole and do not hold the square tang well .3 . The rachet gears are exposed where they can collect debris and there is no way to lubricate the hidden rachet shaft .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Go to Harbor Freight and spend 1/4 $ $ on this piece of junk . The locking clamps have all cracked , and do not hold the dial in position after the first or second time I 've tried to tighten them . The horizontal adjusting bar just twists because it was not welded onto the clamp . For a precision measuring tool , this is joke - do not waste your money ! Also - it is impossible to remove the sticky `` oil '' coating this rust bucket was covered in during shipping .
 Dial indicator
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 ordered these because the price is cheap for a dozen pair , this is one pair of cheap 50 cent gloves that end up costing over 10 dollars after shipping , wow , learned a lessen on this one , DO N'T PAY OVER A BUCK FOR GLOVES LIKE THESE . update , , , , i see they got the price right now for 1 pr .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 This is a great idea . But , the construction on the tension mechanism is VERY poor . Found that it will not even support a sheet of particle board . Tightening the adjustment simply stripped the threads making it useless . Would not recommend this item even for an anchor for a row boat !
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I would not recommend this belt , I used it on a lawn tractor and it lasted me one week before it shredded .
 Oval is not what I wanted and was useless to me . I contacted 4 times by email , 2 by mail and 6 by telephone , but to not avail .
 seat fell apart just one month after installing this product . the seams came apart . not worth paying to return this item to the manufacturer . bought a different brand .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 It 'd be so nice if someone still made a quality product ... but toilet seats , like everything else , seem to be made to a price and appearance not actual functionality . i bought one of these in my local big box last year and was really happy about it because I hate those cheap-looking , grunge collecting plastic hinges . These looked quality and easy to keep clean . But they 're pot metal and the chrome is peeling off after a year.Someone please make a toilet seat that will last as long as the wood it 's made of and I will buy it , I do n't care if it costs $ 50 . Other than the fact that the materials the hinges are made of are garbage , it 's actually a nice , attractive , comfortable seat.Edit
 The hinge design is more contemporary than retro , in case you have a preference , however , the chrome started peeling after just 6 months . I too would pay more for a quality product .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Got about 2-3 hours of use , did n't use for months and went to use it again . The motor spun but the bit did n't move . Lots of money to turn a few screws . Seems like `` screw '' seems more applicable for the buyer than describing useage of this tool .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 1 . Tools are included for calibration .2 . An instruction manual is included with an image that shows a refractometer with a split measuring gravity on one side and brix on the other which would have been handy since I did n't receive the disc that LTB claims they ship alongside . You can find conversions online in a pinch .3 . The case is nice and durable .4 . I do n't have a point of reference to tell whether the item is accurate since my calibration went fine and my brix consistently shows up lower than my specific gravity listing on my hydrometer .
 The refractometer was pretty much what I expected to receive , though it has Brix scale twice , instead of Brix and specific gravity . Conversion is easy so this is not an issue.My main complaint is that the refractometer did not come with a complimentary book as promised in the description . Promising something in the price of a good and then not actually including the item is a seriously bad business practice .
 I bought this refractometer for homebrewing beer against the recommendation of my LHBS owner , who argued they are far more handy for wine makers . Either way , I liked the idea of simply taking a few drops of fermenting/ed beer to check my gravity . Our first batch measured higher brix than we expected - we just accepted we screwed something up while brewing . Then another batch that was clearly different SG and FG came out with the same brix as the prior batch ! We then tested it against our hydrometer -LRB- should have done this in the first place -RRB- and , to our surprise , got pretty significantly different results.I wish I would have listened to the pro ...
 I have repeatedly calibrated this and it reads 12 brix on a 2 brix solution . Will try to return it . Did not have the CD as described in the prior reviews , but I expected that .
 Bought this as a gift for my wine making husband . Neither of us could figure out how to work it . Would not recommend buying this .
 This may or may not be a very good brix meter but without the promised chart showing conversion to alcohol content , it is completely useless for wine and beer making . Contacted Amazon to obtain the chart . I was told they could not send missing parts . Returned the item for full credit so it was not a waste of money but just a waste of time .
 Easy to use but complimentary guide was missing and there was no conversion table between brix degrees and the specific gravity . In addition , the guide has numerous misspellings and was for a different scale .
 I must 've gotten a bum unit . The second time I used it , the readings were off by 15 points even after I calibrated , recalibrated , and re-recalibrated the unit several times . The first time I used it , it needed to be calibrated nearly every time I took a reading , even if it was just recalibrated a half hour prior . The little hinge pin for the cover plate is n't secured , either -LRB- I 'm assuming this is to make cleaning easier -RRB- , but if you 're not careful , it will slide right out and disappear on you . I do n't know if they 're all like this , but for the money , I think I 'll just go back to my hydrometer . Anyway , I contacted the folks at Agriculture Solutions , and returning it is no problem so I 'll be sending it back .
 Normally I would n't have rated this at all , because I returned the item for a refund . But the seller , sportswarehouse , keeps sending me e-mail asking me why I have n't reviewed the purchase . So here goes.This is billed as a refractometer for measuring sugar content in beer or wine . What I received was a refractometer for measuring salinity . There was no included conversion chart or anything to compensate.So , why 1 star ? Not for the item , but for the seller , because they very clearly described this item as being for homebrew use and saying that it measured in deg Brix . I bought this knowing that many other people also got the wrong type of refractometer , which means that this seller either is completely incompetent , or they just do n't care .
 The product did not arrived with the &#34; Free Copy of Learn To Brew
 May be a very fine salinity refractometer , but it will never measure sugar content . Ordered , returned , ordered again , returning again .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Used them for some easy gardening , weeding , and trimming rose buches . Nothing really major . . I have a small yard . After 2 wearings the fingertips wore through and the seams came apart on the fingers .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Used them for some easy gardening , weeding , and trimming rose buches . Nothing really major . . I have a small yard . After 2 wearings the fingertips wore through and the seams came apart on the fingers .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The seller posted a picture of the tube , which shows clear amber latex tubing texture . But the tubes I received are very stiff , opaque rubber which has no resemblance to what was shown on the picture . The seller should be a little honest and describe the product properly !!!! The only good thing about the seller is that the products are well packaged and mailed promptly .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 This product is white tape as advertised . The stickyness factor combined with its narrowness makes it hard to use . would not recommend .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Ordered 2 tubes the delivery time was good , used the tubes right away the first tube worked fine but only got half the caulk out of the second tube the rest of the caulk had already hardened inside the cartridge .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Item received was different than pictured . I 'm not sure if Rubbermaid changed their design , but the picture posted on Amazon should reflect the actual item being sold .
 These hooks are a rip off . They 're designd to be used via the Rubbermaid Fast Track . It 's cheaper to bug hooks at Home Depot and Lowers and just bolt them to the studs .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Had these only about a month handling firewood . Wore a hole through fingers of gloves . The fit loosens with minimum wear also .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Half the tip chipped off after drilling only 3 holes on my block wall . The bosch bit continues to work perfectly .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 the item was Drill Bit 21 Pc Set 3/8 '' Reduced Shank 1/16 to 1/2 by 64ths ... there were 21 pieces sent , but no reduced shank pieces and no drill bigger than 3/8 inch . . specifically , there was no 7/16 and no 1/2 inch ... i now realize that the advertised 21 pieces fit between 1/16 and 3/8 ... the pro tool shed ad -LRB- using amazon -RRB- is extremely misleading and false for providing no reduced shank drills bigger than 3/8 ... even though the ad says to 1/2 inch ... do not buy anything from this company .
 the Bit itself looks to be fine although I have not used it . my complaint is that it says this is Bulk 25 making it seem as if you would get a 25 pack of bits . Well it showed up in a plastic envelope and was 1 bit thrown in the bottom . I thought this was a great deal on a lower quality bit , I needed something for a single use . What I got was 1 bit with the price and shipping that was way to high . I think I could have picked it up at the store for half .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 VERMONT AMERICAN IS NOW MADE IN CHINA ?? I 'm debating send these drill bits back for a refund!Very disappointed!This is why we have to demand country of origin information
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 CorrectThis is a misleading ad to say the leastOne little clampNo more from these guys
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was disappointed in these blocks , especially at the high price.I figured the least they could do at Starrett is to complete the larger V in the block.Each block has a small complete V and a large V that rounds out at the bottom so it is more likean opened up U ; this makes it impossible to get square stock in the larger -LRB- so called -RRB- V.For the life of me , I ca n't figure out why people that make machining products would do this .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 This faucet was in the house I bought , and has been leaking . I had an easy time replacing the cartridge to the Moen faucet in my downstairs bathroom so I thought this would also be easy -- nope . Buying the cartridge was easy , finding the `` special tool '' was fruitless unless I want to wait to order it online . Nevermind buying this special tool -- my faucet has a plastic retainer nut , which is what the tool would have been used to remove -- it is so stuck the tool would n't have done a thing -- imagine using metal to remove a stuck piece of plastic . So , right now the retainer nut is stripped and mangled because I had to beat the crap out of it and I 'm wondering if in my efforts to fix the thing I 'll be buying a new faucet .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I generally like Vermont American products , but these are the exception . First bit I used dulled after three minor uses . A couple other bits , smaller , broke in two . The final blow was when a 1/2 inch bit broke clean in half while drilling through metal stock using a hand held rechargeable drill ! I have never had a 1/2 inch bit break , much less when using a relatively low powered drill . Sending them back .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Highly disappointed that with a name like `` Vermont American '' , this bit is `` Made In CHINA '' !!! The only way we can help this country survive is producing & purchasing products Made In America ! I wrote the manufacture with my concern and stated `` I 'd pay 3 times the price , for the same bit made by american workers '' ! I never recieved a reply ... enough said !
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I hesitate to use this product because of the strong odor . You definitely know it 's with you .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Very flimsy made in China and tiny ... ca n't possibly hold 50 lbs . Perhaps all five together lined up it may . Anyways , much smaller than expected . This is something you see often at local ninety-nine cents stores . Very disappointed .
 What does `` product weighs 50 lbs . '' mean ? Five hooks , 10 lbs . each ?? Really ? What size are the actual hooks ? There are so many products that have totally inadequate descriptions !
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 My husband has big hands . But these are really ridiculous . The fingers overlap at least an inch longer than any normal large hand 's fingers would.Don ' t buy unless they 're for someone with a growth disorder !
 The picture shown is not the 317-U -LRB- go to Destaco.com and see -RRB- . Also the price is out of sight . Try toggleclamps.biz for great -LRB- fabulous -RRB- pricing and service .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 This arrived with 8 dents in it I 'm so angry . Costs more to ship back . So disappointed . should have been cool .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 These drill bits bend easily . The vendor took them back , so I 'd buy from them again .
 I found that unless you were strong as an ox , it was difficult to pull back the snapper . If you very strong you got a hole or two . Overall , it really does n't do the job . I have arthritis and was so excited to find it , but it just is n't for me .
 Pain to use , chipped after half a day of use . Old style nail sets I have been using for years works just fine .
 I have aDELTA 50-760 1.5 HP 1,200 CFM Vertical Bag Dust Collector . I purchased this reducer to add a cyclone 2nd stage . I read other reviews saying people had trouble with it fitting and figured it must have been `` user error '' because the reducer is made by Delta and recommended by part number by Delta.However , there was no way this thing was going to fit on my dust collector . The outside diameter of the `` five inch '' fitting was the same as the output on the dust collector . No amount of smashing , lubing or other tom foolery was going to make this work . This product is defective.GOOD NEWS - I have Amazon Prime and when I went to return it , Amazon said , `` no need to mail back but we will give you a refund '' so if you bought one of these from Amazon and did n't return it because of the return shipping fees you might reconsider.Happy woodworking
 Did n't fit my 5 &#34; port on my Delta dust collector .10 more words required . 10 more words required . 10 more words required .
 This reducer does not fit into the back of the Delta Unisaw . Delta forgot mine on the initial purchase . 4 weeks later , I still do n't have one .
 considering that i already had purchased a woodstock 6 '' to 1 '' step reducer and that many dust collection main tubing is 4 '' diameter , this reducer is the right complement because one can connect the 4 '' main tubing to the dust collector through a 5 '' hose . a big shot .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I bought this for my son and was very disappointed when it broke the second time it was used ... end of story .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Made in China Should say it all , Cheap construction , No holes drilled for the handle & four missing nut 's and bolt ' . Also when making the order asked for free the 5-8 days shipping , I was charged $ 23.00 for the shipping . Making this item way over priced .
 I bought this to remove some stripped screws . It removed two out of four , and loosened one enough to grab it with Vise grips . No go on the fourth.I worry about using this regularly , as this magnetic bit holds the ground out remnants of the screws . Unless you clean it , when it is reversed it could leave these bits of metal inside your drill 's chuck.I 'd return it , but wo n't because I used it .
 wanted it to work , needed it to work , did a little ... . but mostly frustrating !!!! Drillout - Screw Remover Kit 2 Piece # 6 # 14
 Did absolutley nothing except smooth out the top of the screw . I tried for over 2 hours to get a rusted screw out with no luck .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I am completely disatisfied with this product . I used one of the Torx bit and the tip just completely broke into several pieces . I will be asking that it be replaced as soon as possible . I have had SK tools for over 25 years and this is the first time I had a serious quality issue . I am very supprised and this experience has me looking to other tool manufacturers that offer better quality . How do I go about getting a repalcement bit ? Please advise . Thank you !
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 No communication , They refused to answer my e-mails , Product NOT as described . I want to return them . Springs are made of very thin material , not sot adequate compression .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 The assortment of pieces is as advertised and are very good quality , but the brittle plastic container is bottom-end . Amazon sent an opened container -LRB- labeling from mfg seals the container -RRB- that had obviously been returned to the Kentucky Return Center .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I thought it was poor stitching at first , turned out it was the pig skin leather ripped on both hands . Now they can only be used as fueling gloves . Second pair was better .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 I tried to use this to prolong the life of the ceiling in my Honda Accord but within the first 10 minutes of using this product I realized that this was a waste of money . The felt is pulling away from the cushion on the roof of my car , I tried to spray a bunch of product in between and hold the fabric back in place but it just would n't take . I did this in the afternoon in my garage so the heat was n't beaming down on the roof but it just would n't take ...
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Tried to return but vendor told me how it was against the law to return . Product was not reliable on consistence basis .
 I ordered the 3.5 oz can and it was the `` Original '' scent ... fine . The six-pack of .8 oz , cans turned out to be separate , individually packaged `` car sanitizers '' , not looking like the original blue and grey cans and having a sticky vanilla scent . I 'm not happy with having to deal with another bait-and-switch situation with Amazon .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Broke after a month of use . To the little guys defense we use them 6x a week . If your going to use them around the house should last you a long time I guess . Good luck .
 This quick change bit is short and on the &#34; sticky &#34; side . Compared to other quick change adapters , this one is low on my list . I will keep this one to loan to the guy who never brings back tools . I suggest you go down to your local hardware store and look at all your options on length and ease of use .
 The quality of this tool is so poor , the little metal clips inside that hold the bit , stuck on me after 2 uses . If you want something to use with your zip gun like me , look somewhere else . It lasted 10 minutes in all before I had to beat my bit out with a chisel to free it .
 It broke within the first few hours of use . The total number of holes drilled through 2x4 's before it broke was seven . It worked very nicely in the beginning until on the 7th , it wobbled very badly . When I lifted it out , it was barely holding the bit . Then I thought maybe the bit just broke lose . So I pushed the bit back in -LRB- thinking it might fix itself -RRB- and drilled further . Within few seconds that attempt the top all came loose . This thing is dangerous as it could potentially throw the bit flying and hurt someone . Like what the other reviewer mentioned and as pictured , the top does brake prematurely . Luckily I bought mine locally -LRB- HD -RRB- and will be able to return it without shipping costs.Update ... After I returned it locally , I bought another one just to give it a chance and as I still have the need for this tool and could n't find another brand that has as small -LRB- or smaller -RRB- head . I have used the replacement a few times now and much more than the first one I bought . It worked pretty nicely as it should . I was able to drill a lot more studs without problem whatsoever.So overall , the tool 's reliability is 50/50 to me . I ca n't give it more stars as it will probably break on me again while in the middle of a project.To its credit though which I learned after I returned the first one and hunted for a different brand , this one has the best design in terms of head size . The small head will come handy when you need to drill small and very deep hole . The head will go into the hole with the bit as small as half inch . The other brands I found had much bigger heads for the same bit size .
 I bought the 12 '' Irwin QC extension.The first time I inserted a bit then pulled down the collar to release and POP it out , not only the bit popped out but the entire assembly -LRB- spring & magnet -RRB- that enable the extension to release the bit for one hand operation . What a piece of junk.In consolation , It is still usable but you 'll have to pull the bit while you hold down the collar . Not-so-quick-change extension is what it is.I 've posted a pic in customer images hopefully amazon will show it.Update . . So I returned the extension that I bought yesterday . This time I also have a bit with me just to make sure ... checked ... and screwdriver bit released without its guts along with it . So I got home tried on the drill and WHAT THE ... ? why is this thing wobbling like crazy ??? -LRB- I am aware drill chucks have runout in them , so I took that into consideration -RRB- . Got a ruler and found the middle of the shaft is slightly bent.I 've never had bad luck twice in two identical product.Just FYI , even after this experience I still went and bought the 6 '' extension which by the way had no flaws . I like these IRWIN extensions because its shaft is very substantial .
 I have a generally good impression of Irwin products , but I 'm very disappointed in this Forstner bit set . The bits require sharpening out of the box . And speaking of boxes - do n't believe the picture . The set arrives in a cheap plastic wrapper that is not an option for long term storage .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 This item claims that it 's auto shut off but I have n't used this item for a while few months to a year and when I tried to turn it on , the battery went dead .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I ordered a 6 '' x 12 '' x 1/2 '' piece of black acetal . I got a 5.8 '' x 11.8 '' x 1/2 '' piece . I 'll make it work , but do n't appreciate the undersized piece . Guess that 's why they call it small parts .
 I expected this piece of Acetal to be in clean , machine shop condition . It arrived from Amazon scratched up and almost looked used . That really is n't my big complaint though , I 'm most annoyed the material received is not actually 1/4 '' as advertised . I 'm not sure if Amazon is shipping from different suppliers , or someone just did n't take the time to measure , but the piece has '' .250 '' and `` 6mm '' printed on it . Obviously , both of these measurements can not be accurate , as .250 '' = 6.35 mm and 6mm = .236 '' . According to my calibrated caliper , both measurements are incorrect , as I measured 6.89 mm or .271 '' . This would n't be a issue if you 're just planning on using it to make some spare part where thickness is n't critical , but if an engineering plan calls for .250 '' , then you are now stuck with machining the face , which takes up time and add to tool wear .
 the finish has tooling scores all over and its 3/8th of an inch smaller and a 16th thinner than the 12x12x1/2 it lists itself to be , otherwise it was packaged rather well considering its just a slab of plastic
 If this was the first review to comment on size , I would give Amazon a break . But after 18 months of similar comments , it is clearly their intention to misrepresent this product.Other suppliers provide Acetal with + 1/8 &#34; / - 0 &#34; dimensions ; Amazon claims +0 &#34; / -.1 / 8 &#34; but supplies -.1 / 4 &#34; . This makes Amazon one of the most expensive suppliers of this product.Either their material manager obtained his experience in the lumber industry or Amazon simply believes that their customers are uninformed and do n't know better .
 I ordered a 6 '' x 12 '' x 1/2 '' piece of black acetal . I got a 5.8 '' x 11.8 '' x 1/2 '' piece . I 'll make it work , but do n't appreciate the undersized piece . Guess that 's why they call it small parts .
 I expected this piece of Acetal to be in clean , machine shop condition . It arrived from Amazon scratched up and almost looked used . That really is n't my big complaint though , I 'm most annoyed the material received is not actually 1/4 '' as advertised . I 'm not sure if Amazon is shipping from different suppliers , or someone just did n't take the time to measure , but the piece has '' .250 '' and `` 6mm '' printed on it . Obviously , both of these measurements can not be accurate , as .250 '' = 6.35 mm and 6mm = .236 '' . According to my calibrated caliper , both measurements are incorrect , as I measured 6.89 mm or .271 '' . This would n't be a issue if you 're just planning on using it to make some spare part where thickness is n't critical , but if an engineering plan calls for .250 '' , then you are now stuck with machining the face , which takes up time and add to tool wear .
 the finish has tooling scores all over and its 3/8th of an inch smaller and a 16th thinner than the 12x12x1/2 it lists itself to be , otherwise it was packaged rather well considering its just a slab of plastic
 If this was the first review to comment on size , I would give Amazon a break . But after 18 months of similar comments , it is clearly their intention to misrepresent this product.Other suppliers provide Acetal with + 1/8 &#34; / - 0 &#34; dimensions ; Amazon claims +0 &#34; / -.1 / 8 &#34; but supplies -.1 / 4 &#34; . This makes Amazon one of the most expensive suppliers of this product.Either their material manager obtained his experience in the lumber industry or Amazon simply believes that their customers are uninformed and do n't know better .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Bolts arrived in a timely manner and as described . The bolts / nuts did not easily screw together - over galvanized or poor thread cutting . In order to thread the nuts it required placing the bolts in a vise and then using a wrench with significant force seat them . This was required on almost the entire order - 100 bolts , very time consuming . The price was satisfactory . Would I order this product again ??
 I was so excited to finally get an inexpensive model brain . But then , I guess you get what you pay for -- a model brain that does n't have anatomically correct gyri and sulci . Maybe I 'm asking for too much , but when I see a `` Brain TEACHING Model , '' I assume that it 'll have features worth teaching , not incorrect landmarks . Oh well , now I 've at least got a fancy-looking paperweight .
 I ordered a 6 '' x 12 '' x 1/2 '' piece of black acetal . I got a 5.8 '' x 11.8 '' x 1/2 '' piece . I 'll make it work , but do n't appreciate the undersized piece . Guess that 's why they call it small parts .
 I expected this piece of Acetal to be in clean , machine shop condition . It arrived from Amazon scratched up and almost looked used . That really is n't my big complaint though , I 'm most annoyed the material received is not actually 1/4 '' as advertised . I 'm not sure if Amazon is shipping from different suppliers , or someone just did n't take the time to measure , but the piece has '' .250 '' and `` 6mm '' printed on it . Obviously , both of these measurements can not be accurate , as .250 '' = 6.35 mm and 6mm = .236 '' . According to my calibrated caliper , both measurements are incorrect , as I measured 6.89 mm or .271 '' . This would n't be a issue if you 're just planning on using it to make some spare part where thickness is n't critical , but if an engineering plan calls for .250 '' , then you are now stuck with machining the face , which takes up time and add to tool wear .
 the finish has tooling scores all over and its 3/8th of an inch smaller and a 16th thinner than the 12x12x1/2 it lists itself to be , otherwise it was packaged rather well considering its just a slab of plastic
 If this was the first review to comment on size , I would give Amazon a break . But after 18 months of similar comments , it is clearly their intention to misrepresent this product.Other suppliers provide Acetal with + 1/8 &#34; / - 0 &#34; dimensions ; Amazon claims +0 &#34; / -.1 / 8 &#34; but supplies -.1 / 4 &#34; . This makes Amazon one of the most expensive suppliers of this product.Either their material manager obtained his experience in the lumber industry or Amazon simply believes that their customers are uninformed and do n't know better .
 I ordered a 6 '' x 12 '' x 1/2 '' piece of black acetal . I got a 5.8 '' x 11.8 '' x 1/2 '' piece . I 'll make it work , but do n't appreciate the undersized piece . Guess that 's why they call it small parts .
 I expected this piece of Acetal to be in clean , machine shop condition . It arrived from Amazon scratched up and almost looked used . That really is n't my big complaint though , I 'm most annoyed the material received is not actually 1/4 '' as advertised . I 'm not sure if Amazon is shipping from different suppliers , or someone just did n't take the time to measure , but the piece has '' .250 '' and `` 6mm '' printed on it . Obviously , both of these measurements can not be accurate , as .250 '' = 6.35 mm and 6mm = .236 '' . According to my calibrated caliper , both measurements are incorrect , as I measured 6.89 mm or .271 '' . This would n't be a issue if you 're just planning on using it to make some spare part where thickness is n't critical , but if an engineering plan calls for .250 '' , then you are now stuck with machining the face , which takes up time and add to tool wear .
 the finish has tooling scores all over and its 3/8th of an inch smaller and a 16th thinner than the 12x12x1/2 it lists itself to be , otherwise it was packaged rather well considering its just a slab of plastic
 If this was the first review to comment on size , I would give Amazon a break . But after 18 months of similar comments , it is clearly their intention to misrepresent this product.Other suppliers provide Acetal with + 1/8 &#34; / - 0 &#34; dimensions ; Amazon claims +0 &#34; / -.1 / 8 &#34; but supplies -.1 / 4 &#34; . This makes Amazon one of the most expensive suppliers of this product.Either their material manager obtained his experience in the lumber industry or Amazon simply believes that their customers are uninformed and do n't know better .
 I ordered a 6 '' x 12 '' x 1/2 '' piece of black acetal . I got a 5.8 '' x 11.8 '' x 1/2 '' piece . I 'll make it work , but do n't appreciate the undersized piece . Guess that 's why they call it small parts .
 I expected this piece of Acetal to be in clean , machine shop condition . It arrived from Amazon scratched up and almost looked used . That really is n't my big complaint though , I 'm most annoyed the material received is not actually 1/4 '' as advertised . I 'm not sure if Amazon is shipping from different suppliers , or someone just did n't take the time to measure , but the piece has '' .250 '' and `` 6mm '' printed on it . Obviously , both of these measurements can not be accurate , as .250 '' = 6.35 mm and 6mm = .236 '' . According to my calibrated caliper , both measurements are incorrect , as I measured 6.89 mm or .271 '' . This would n't be a issue if you 're just planning on using it to make some spare part where thickness is n't critical , but if an engineering plan calls for .250 '' , then you are now stuck with machining the face , which takes up time and add to tool wear .
 the finish has tooling scores all over and its 3/8th of an inch smaller and a 16th thinner than the 12x12x1/2 it lists itself to be , otherwise it was packaged rather well considering its just a slab of plastic
 If this was the first review to comment on size , I would give Amazon a break . But after 18 months of similar comments , it is clearly their intention to misrepresent this product.Other suppliers provide Acetal with + 1/8 &#34; / - 0 &#34; dimensions ; Amazon claims +0 &#34; / -.1 / 8 &#34; but supplies -.1 / 4 &#34; . This makes Amazon one of the most expensive suppliers of this product.Either their material manager obtained his experience in the lumber industry or Amazon simply believes that their customers are uninformed and do n't know better .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Poor quality item . 1/2 '' portion twisted first time I used it . Should be one piece construction , but 1/2 '' section is a separate piece riveted on . Returned for refund which went fine . Found a better one at NAPA .
 This was bought to remove a flywheel bolt on my bug , the adaptor sheared with not a huge amount of force . in short do n't waste you 're money
 Tool broke apart on first use . Used with a torque wrench and it snapped at 250 ft/lbs . Save yourself the hassle and buy a quality tool !
 I did n't liked this one , it does n't look like a single piece , looks like the 1/2 in part is mounted on the 3/4 female , so it started to twist apart on the firs use with a high torque impact wrench . Had to return right away .
 I ordered a 6 '' x 12 '' x 1/2 '' piece of black acetal . I got a 5.8 '' x 11.8 '' x 1/2 '' piece . I 'll make it work , but do n't appreciate the undersized piece . Guess that 's why they call it small parts .
 I expected this piece of Acetal to be in clean , machine shop condition . It arrived from Amazon scratched up and almost looked used . That really is n't my big complaint though , I 'm most annoyed the material received is not actually 1/4 '' as advertised . I 'm not sure if Amazon is shipping from different suppliers , or someone just did n't take the time to measure , but the piece has '' .250 '' and `` 6mm '' printed on it . Obviously , both of these measurements can not be accurate , as .250 '' = 6.35 mm and 6mm = .236 '' . According to my calibrated caliper , both measurements are incorrect , as I measured 6.89 mm or .271 '' . This would n't be a issue if you 're just planning on using it to make some spare part where thickness is n't critical , but if an engineering plan calls for .250 '' , then you are now stuck with machining the face , which takes up time and add to tool wear .
 the finish has tooling scores all over and its 3/8th of an inch smaller and a 16th thinner than the 12x12x1/2 it lists itself to be , otherwise it was packaged rather well considering its just a slab of plastic
 If this was the first review to comment on size , I would give Amazon a break . But after 18 months of similar comments , it is clearly their intention to misrepresent this product.Other suppliers provide Acetal with + 1/8 &#34; / - 0 &#34; dimensions ; Amazon claims +0 &#34; / -.1 / 8 &#34; but supplies -.1 / 4 &#34; . This makes Amazon one of the most expensive suppliers of this product.Either their material manager obtained his experience in the lumber industry or Amazon simply believes that their customers are uninformed and do n't know better .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I made the mistake of purchasing this item thinking I was going to get pure tin . After getting odd results in various chemical experiments , I decided to try to melt it with a propane torch . It did not melt . I then put a magnet to the metal . It stuck to the magnet . I believe this is simply tin plated steel . I wish this company would clarify that is tin plated steel and not tin . I guess the cheap price should have gave it away .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I donot allow people to walk with shoes on in my home , i ordered these for the shoe basket next to my door for guest who wish to keep their shoes on . the problem is that i thought the 12pr-ment 12 pair of shoe covers , no its one and they are huge looks to be about a mens size 10 n larger shoe covers , oh well for a little over 3bucks i will keep but wanted to note this for potential buyers !!
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I have waited until I cooled off before answering this . I ordered this bit to replace a damaged bit in my old set of Irwin bits.What I got insted was a piece of crap !!! It is not a good old American Irwin bit , like the bits in my set . But rather a bit made for Irwin in BRAZIL , and apparently without any specifications or `` QUALITY '' control . The bit was not only machined poorly -LRB- tool and foundry marks -RRB- but the black foundry slag was still on the lead screw , cutting head and spurs . To that add a big 1/4 '' flat spot ground on the outside face of one of the spurs . I blame Irwin for going un-American , like other greedy so called American tool makers ; try Stanley or Nicholson to name a few . And I blame them for not keeping the standard of quality that was set by the American worker over 100 years ago.I would return this pice of junk , but the time and trouble in doing so ismore to me than the refund.Tom Fitz
 I have waited until I cooled off before answering this . I ordered this bit to replace a damaged bit in my old set of Irwin bits.What I got insted was a piece of crap !!! It is not a good old American Irwin bit , like the bits in my set . But rather a bit made for Irwin in BRAZIL , and apparently without any specifications or `` QUALITY '' control . The bit was not only machined poorly -LRB- tool and foundry marks -RRB- but the black foundry slag was still on the lead screw , cutting head and spurs . To that add a big 1/4 '' flat spot ground on the outside face of one of the spurs . I blame Irwin for going un-American , like other greedy so called American tool makers ; try Stanley or Nicholson to name a few . And I blame them for not keeping the standard of quality that was set by the American worker over 100 years ago.I would return this pice of junk , but the time and trouble in doing so ismore to me than the refund.Tom Fitz
 I got an expired product , manufactured 01 2008 and expired 01 2011 . I do n't know how this affects the sterility of the product . I sent an email to the vendor , and they offered me to return the product for exchange or refund . But since the product is cheap , it 's not worth the hassle and the shipping cost to refund it . I guess that might be a part of the vendors plan to get rid of these expired products .
 This blade is very very dull . It is single edged , and is similar to a butter-knife . Do not purchase if you need a sharp blade .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 This is not a Bosch product officially at all . I found the official product in stores with shipping it 's the same here as the stores . Ceteris paribus . The bosch version is weighs more , is much more refined , genuine Bosch , and I want a refund because this product its not as advertised . Imitation knock off . However , it still pounds .
 My thoughts are it is not a Bosch product . Every Bosch product I 've ever purchased has Bosch stamped on the bit this one does not.With that understanding I can not review this product as a Bosch chisel .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 BE CAREFUL . This item says `` Glove '' - meaning this seller is selling ONE glove . Granted , it says set of two , but you will get ONE PAIR of gloves . Terrible logic . Who wants to buy one glove ?? Maybe in baseball or softball - sure , but not with mechanic gloves . Give me a break . I am going to return them and leave bad feedback .
 I bought these a while ago so this may not reflect what the vendor is currently shipping . The hooks I got were crooked and of smaller diameter steel rod than the others in my shop . And they do n't have rubber tips , which would have been nice . I guess I cheaped out too much and got what I paid for . I would not do this again ; a decision made worse considering shipping costs . Buy cheap , and lament . Buy quality and do n't look back .
 I ordered both the 4 '' and 6 '' heavy duty ball end pegboard hooks for 1/4 inch pegboard , 12 of each to use to hang shovels and rakes and stuff in my garage.When I opened the package the parts looked like good quality hooks , but when I went ot put them up I found that do not fit the pegboard properly . Instead of hanging straight out they point up at an angle . It appears that the two pieces of wire were not fixtured properly when they were welded together . Good price but poor quality .
 better than nothing , but it has alot of difficulty cutting stainless . You will need to use alot of compound to make any progress
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The case the bits came in was cheap and broken , the bits looked so cheap I could not bring myself to use them . I returned them unused .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 After reading all the other positive reviews , I was expecting good things from this product . Not miracles , but a good product capable of doing solid work.I first tried it on a delicate black scarf that I was going to throw away anyway as it had so much fuzz and lint . It worked pretty well on this product . It did n't make the scarf look new , but it did make it presentable . However , it also made plenty of holes in the scarf.I then tried it on a mock turtleneck that was starting to get pills . I hoped that being thicker , the mock T could withstand the shaver . However , the shaver started making holes in my shirt before I quit to salvage what I could of my mock T. Furthermore , it did not remove the pills very well.Maybe I am not using the product correctly . But then again , it does not come with specific instructions ... For a better product that wo n't ruin your garments , try the SWEATER STONE which is a CONSUMER REPORTS ` Best Buy . '
 I orginally purchased this mop when they first came out and the handle was made of metal , ca n't lock the handle into place to extend it to mop and the area where the handle connects to the mop head does n't stay together , made of cheap plastic , handle bends when mopping the floor , attempted to contact the vender STUFF SEEN ON TV , NO REPLIES TO EMAILS , THIS IS A CHEAP PLASTIC IMITATION OF THE ORIGINAL , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
 I originally purchased this mop when they first came out and loved it , recently I purchase the mop from stuff seen on TV -LRB- SOLD AT AMAZON -RRB- , the mop handle does n't lock into place , it ca n't be extended to a long handle unless you tape it in place , also the area where the mop head and handle connect together comes apart , attempted to contact vendor , no phone number or email address to exchange for a functional mop as my orginal was DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CHEAP IMITATION
 The garbage cans are great but come with no lid , the lids they advertise -LRB- an additional $ 9.00 -RRB- were way too small . Therefore went looking for the lids at the local Home Depot and found the the entire thing for less money and with it appropriate lid . When trying to return it , I have to pay for the shipping back and a 15 % re-stocking fee . Not happy .
 It works for the intended purpose . However , my two complaints are that one it looks kind of cheap . And second , it only secures at the top of the door hinge making it wobbly . It slides around .
 The stuff must work since mine was mostly dry in the tube and a real bugger to try to get out so if you get a tube that is fresh and then are able to apply it to what ever then it should work for you.Don ' t know about customer service , have not had time to follow up to use them .
 It has a middle part that does n't work for me and could use a bigger nozzle so when in use it dose n't clog .
 This claw attachment has deep ridges on the outside , which keeps it high off the floor . One would need a powerful dust collector to pick up everything in one sweep . I quit using it and just use the end of the hose pipe to pick up heavy sawdust . I may use it later on the table to catch dust from my hand sander . This is made of thin stamped out plastic . I would not pay over $ 3.00 for another one .
 Plastic split where it slides on to hose . Very thin plastic , needs to be much thicker to hold up for use .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The burr that I received did not look like the one in the picture . The head was much smaller .
 Used this for the first time to mask the woodwork in my house . Lots of bleed thru issues , resulting in me having to clean paint of the woodwork . Not good !
 I bought the delicate tape for masking off detail work on a woodworking project and was extremely disappointed with its performance . The surface I was painting was solid wood , sanded to 220 grit so it was very flat and had little to no texture . The tape initially did not stick well at all and required a lot of extra attention with a putty knife to press it down along the entire length . Once I had it all stuck down -LRB- or at least appearing to be stuck down -RRB- , I painted several coats of latex paint over it . I used two techniques . On one board , I applied the paint straight to the board without any extra preparation . On the other board , I painted the edge of the tape down with the same color paint as I was trying to protect and thereby sealed the tape edge . This technique worked slightly better but unfortunately , both techniques resulted in excessive amounts of bleeding under the tape . I will have to repaint the entire project at this point because the tape worked so incredibly poorly . There is not a single sharp paint line on the project . I will be using the rest of the roll of tape to seal boxes next time I move because it 's not good for much else .
 I purchased this product for my bathroom painting . When I went to remove it , it took the paint underneath with it . Now my two hour bath painting project will take several day of scraping , priming , and painting . Thanks Scotch !
 I ordered the 1/2 '' x 1/4 '' x 36 '' brass bar . They sent a 1/2 '' x 3/16 '' x 36 '' bar instead . This is n't just my measurement - the bar is clearly marked as .1875 x .50
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 product arrived with chipped off paint , rusted parts and the predrilled holes were so off that i couldnt fit the bolts thru .
 This platform truck is a good truck , if you can get one . When I ordered on from northern tool , the shipping company damaged it and it was undeliverable . The second one came a week later and was missing parts . When I asked the company if they could just sent the parts , they said it wouyld take 6-8 weeks because the parts had to shipped from CHINA !!! I could n't believe that they could n't just go into the warehouse and get some screws out of another box . So they ended up shipping me another one . This is about a month after I had sent the original order in . So that one arrived and we refused it becase it was damaged as well . We then tried to get our money back , but we had to send the one unit back and they had to receive it at their warehouse . End of story , it has been almost 8 weeks now since I ordered and I have no platform truck and no money . THANKS A LOT NORTHERN TOOL .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 Hey , talk about fraud ! The product picture shows a case of tape and lists the normal price as $ 236 -LRB- which is what you 's expect for a case of this tape . -RRB- It 's advertised as 94 % off -LRB- or $ 14.96 -RRB- . Makes sense , right ? So what do you get when you order it ? One roll of tape that supposedly `` normally '' costs 236 dollars ? I called and complained about this rip-off a month ago , but it 's still here . Buyer beware ! Amazon does have fraudulent advertising !
 The exact same thing that happened to the first reviewer happened to me . Should 've read it before purchase . you would think amazon would want to keep their reputation clean . Do not ever order from these people . You will be very disappointed !
 This is the chinciest piece of crap I ever ordered online . The parts match up poorly so putting it together is a pain and the final product has awkward sharp edges . The metal is weak and it bent when I tried to push down hard on the handle . The casters do n't swivel or turn smoothly so it 's useless for pushing around . I would keep looking if I were you .
 Lid is too thin . It bends when you sit on it . I 'm afraid it will crack after it has been used for a while .
 Was shocked when mine arrived this morning , was dirty somewhat . it looks as though it had been used ? Dirty , YUCK
 I purchased a refurbished RugDoctor Mighty Pro MP-C2D through Amazon 's Woot Sellout . First time I used it , the vacuum was not working on the carpet setting . Not realizing the noise I heard was only the pump and brush , I put about gallon of solution on the rug . Now I have a wet rug and a machine that has to go in for warranty repair miles away . Nice job of refurbishing ! And thanks for the trip .
 Rug Doctor has the worst customer service I have ever seen in my life . I would not buy this product if I were you . Their customer service is the worst service I have ever seen in my life . They do not communicate with their customers and just lie right to you . The product is so so but if the customer service is horrible why waste your money . They treat their customers like crap.You can have the best product in the world but if you crappy and degading customer service , why waste your time .
 How many people does it take to use the rug doctor not one not two but three and after your done you will need a doctor a back doctor . How to use to get half the results of the commercial one person pulls slowly then another person hold down the front to get the brushes down in the carpet and the other to pull the steamer . Finally the third person to spray and scrub the spots because it can not get them out .
 When I bought my carpet eight or ten years ago , it was the best carpet Home Depot had to offer . The carpet was in my bedroom and I live alone so it was n't a high traffic area . I never cleaned it with anything more than a vacuum . When I finally rented a Rug Doctor , I guess it was too late . I made pass after pass going slower and slower each time but it simply would not come clean . So I certainly wasted my money on Rug Doctor . Maybe if I had used Rug Doctor after 1 or 2 years instead of 8 or 10 I would have gotten better results . I do n't know . Anyway I am now ripping up the carpet .
 The palm is padded , but the trims which are not padded get ripped very easily . Better to take craftman 's mechanic gloves and cut the tips off . However , for seven dollars I bought a few , but expecting to last not very long.Overall , these are not very durable but for the cheap price , they still make a good addition as work gloves .
 I killed these gloves in little under a month . To be fair I wore them a lot and was doing lots of brushing with them . They may be ok for construction , but I would n't buy them again .
 Several years ago , I bought my husband a pair of Youngstown 's General Utility Plus gloves , which he used and abused doing everything from yardwork to HVAC to car repairs to construction . He loved those gloves , but they were getting ratty . I got him the Pro XT , thinking from the description and price that these were an upgrade . They literally fell apart within a month , and he 's back in his same old Youngstowns .
 I work with my hands and require TOUGH gloves.These do n't make the grade.These are way overpriced for how long they last.I believed the hype of the item description and bought multiple pairs , thinking they would last me a long time.Kevlar stitching ! Triple padded palm ! Yadda , yadda , yadda.They lasted three days before the threads began to slowly wear away.THREE days!They were completely gone on several fingers , especially the thumbs within two weeks.Without the stitches , the gloves slowly start to come apart , finger by finger.There is not enough stitching in other areas , also.The velcro strap at the wrist was nearly off on the left glove within the first week.They also make your hands stink!There is almost no ventilation in these gloves and your hands get hot and sweaty!If I throw them in a washer on top of the normal wear , they will disintegrate that much faster.I used them for 4 weeks and by that time there are loose flaps of material on nearly every finger , and the first hole had appeared.A crappy pair of ordinary leather work gloves will last nearly as long , and they are much cheaper.For 4 times that price of a cheap pair of gloves , I expect 4 times the durability.Does no one make a TRULY long lasting glove any more ?
 I used these gloves for a few hours of bouldering . The stitching is poorly done and they fell apart at the seams and the fabric dissolved from the exposed edges . I was highly disappointed .
 These gloves seem nice and fit perfectly but after using them for 7 days , three fingers had torn on the side rendering them useless . I 'm not sure of the definition of `` general utility '' gloves but I used them for simple and basic use . I will say , I was carrying lumber and pipe at times but not extended use . I have gloves purchased in a 10 pack , and cheap , that last longer then these . I had no issues with them when I was painting though so I guess that might be the extent of their use . I hate giving a low rating but I feel $ 16 for a pair of gloves that last 7 days warrants the rating . Do not take this review as a knock on Youngstown gloves as I will make another purchase of Youngstown but kick it up to a heavy duty glove .
 I am a landscaper who purchased these gloves with the intention of using them daily at work . The first time I wore them was during a saturday of work around my house . After a few hours of moving some stone for a wall I am building and raking some leaves , I noticed two tears along the seams on both middle fingers . The seam along my left index finger was also beginning to tear . I may have been putting some serious stress on the gloves as I was moving some of the larger pieces of stone but was surprised to see them ripping so soon . Very expensive throw away gloves , would n't recommend buying if you will be doing and hard work .
 Gloves kept hands dry due to sweat absorbing material , though after only 1 week of use , they began to smell . The stitching on the cradle was not very sturdy and after only two weeks of heavy use the stitching began to com out , resulting in a dime size hole . These gloves are not for heavy continuous use .
 stitching all came apart along the sides of fingers . not worth the price at all . I work outdoors and handle wood , rocks , dirt and the like I 've use cheaper and better built gloves before this pair
 the gloves were very useful for about a month then they slowly ripped at the fingers and just constantly got worse from there , all i was doing was planting flowers and placing mulch .
 I bought this gloves for a variety of work , but most of the time they are using for building performance stages . We are handling metal , wood and various rusty bolts . These gloves provide a good amount of dexterity and I like the neoprene feel . After about 7 months of moderate on and off use a noticed a hole in one of the fingers after I washed them . I followed all the instructions such as air drying them . Normally I would n't wash gloves , but they started to smell really bad from sweat . I gave Youngstown a call and told me 7 months is a bit past warranty , but would replace them anyway.Now 4-5 months later with my replacement pair I have discovered a hole developing in another one of the fingers ... again . I did n't even wash them this time . I believe I was simply putting a bolt on a screw when I noticed the rip . Nothing that is too strenuous to the glove . That said I probably wo n't be ordering anymore Youngstown gloves anymore . I like these gloves , but they just seem to rip or wear too easily . Even before the rip I noticed the stitching in the glove was starting to fray and I had n't even used them that long !
 If you are doing any kind of hard work these gloves will wear out in less than one week .
 When I got these about two weeks ago I was impressed . They fit good and looked very tough . They are comfortable and the velcro strip keeps them on . I do a lot of outdoor work and was going through a pair of leather gloves about once a month so I thought I 'd pay a little more and get something to last longer . Big Mistake ! After only wearing these for about two weeks , and not a particularly hard two weeks at that , I notice they are already coming apart at the seam on one finger . There is so much stitching on these gloves it was inevitable that one would fail but I hoped not this soon . I would not waste my money on these again .
 That you see in the picture is not what is in the description . When I contacted them reguarding this they disagreed with me and said I could return them providing I paid shipping . Why should I pay for shipping for a product that was misrepresented . I 'm in the construction trade and buy about 20 pairs of these gloves a year and the gloves pictures are CLC Custom Leather Craft Tradesman Gloves not Youngstown General Utility Glove . The CLC glove is far superior and lasts about twice as long .
 Very poorly sewn in the fingers - there was a large split right out of the box . As mine was an International Order and it is too expensive to send back for a refund or replacement . Cheap , but you have to take your chances . Get the De Walts or the Youngstown Kelvar instead .
 I had a pair of these box handler gloves . They are designed to give you grip on slippery surfaces such as box sides . These started to delaminate and shred after maybe a dozen occasions . For the money that 's pretty bad . I would suggest you buy something like theseGlovePro Black Magic Glovesas their price is more in line with short term disposable . I love the concept , just not the execution by Youngstown .
 I purchased a pair of these gloves to use while using the mower and string trimmer . I * CAN NOT * recommend them as anti-vibration gloves , because I am unsure about how well they dampen vibration . I * thought * they were effective but still had problems after 20 minute sessions using a small Stihl gas string trimmer -LRB- the Stihl has a vibe-damping engine mount but that does n't damp the effects completely -RRB- . I have fairly horrible nerve problems so for my use the AVXTs are probably not sufficiently vibration-damping for my use - nor for others with carpal tunnel or other symptoms of neuropathy in the arms and hands . With a cheapo-consumer-big-box store Ryobi string trimmer , the vibration with these gloves on was bone-jarring after only about 30 seconds and I could still feel the effects of the Ryobi HOURS later and had trouble getting to sleep . I did not expect miracles , but i expected better , given the description in the listing and the sales pitch video.One other odd -LRB- and perhaps ironic -RRB- thing ... there is a warning tag inside with safety statements that ends with ... `` DO NOT USE while operating power machinery . '' I did not even notice this tag until today , when I ordered an ANSI S3 .40 / ISO 10819-1996 / EN420 Certified heavy duty anti vibration glove from another company , and was checking what size glove I wear . I can only surmise that this warning tag was forced by the AVXT sellers ' legal department to avoid legal action in the event a user suffers an RSI while wearing them . Whatever the reason for it , seeing this tag on gloves advertised and made for use with vibrating power tools was a `` WTH ??? '' moment.I * CAN * recommend these gloves for general outdoor work -LRB- only not for high-vibration-tool-handling work -RRB- as the padding does offer comfort when raking , using shovels , etc. . They also wash nicely and are breathable as advertised , and the wrist wrap is pretty good support , and the gloves are structured so that you do have great manual dexterity when wearing them .
 I wanted to cut vibration caused by my DeWalt five inch rotary sander . These gloves did not help so I returned them . Still looking
 I ordered these gloves only to use w/my weedeater as the vibration from the machine was causing my hand on the throttle and my elbow on the same arm to go numb after about 15-20 minutes . Thought that these would cure that . Not so.The gloves only seemed to make the condition worse . While the vibration to the elbow seemed to be better , the vibration to my hand seemed much worse as the hand will go completely numb after only about 15 min . Maybe that 's the way they 're designed -LRB- to keep the vibration localized -RRB- and if that 's the case , it may be a good product - just not for me .
 These gloves feel good and work well but lasted me about 2 weeks before a seem popped in between the thumb and fore finger.I work for fedex and use them for handling packages and driving . C'mon they should last way longer than 2 weeks.The smith and wesson shooting gloves I have used in the past are much better . I wanted to try these because the pinky and ring fingers are full length and I only need the other 3 exposed to handle my scanning pad and paperwork.Disappointed because they are supposedly designed for carpenter 's ? Waste of money unless you are only going to model them.The YOUNGSTOWN KEVLAR gloves are much better but do n't come in this open finger format.Also they make your hands sweat more that other materials I 've used and make your hands stinky .
 The gloves worked great for about 2 days then started to rip at the seams on the fingers.Not worth the hassle of ordering online plus shipping rates.Would rather go to home center and find regular ones.Would not recommend to others .
 I got a pair of gloves that fit me fine for the most part , but the thumb is huge , both too long and far too broad . Very inconvenient
 I ordered the gloves , the title states gray . I got black . How about shipping what you say your selling ? I would give them zero stars if I could .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I received round rod instead of Square , but it was labeled as square . I wo n't be ordering from Small Parts again since my order after this bar ended up in me receiving an empty envelope .
 These hooks basically come in two parts . The first part is a flimsy little plastic thing that screws into the wall . The second part is the solid metal hook that snaps onto the flimsy plastic thing.After installing the flimsy plastic things , attaching the hooks , and hanging my bikes , everything seemed a little too unstable . The flimsy plastic things were screwed to the wall securely , but the attached hooks were able to twist and turn quite easily.The next morning when I went to the garage I found two bikes on the floor of the garage -LRB- luckily they fell just short of a car -RRB- . On one , the hook had slipped off the flimsy plastic thing . On the other , the flimsy plastic thing had broken apart.These hooks are simply not sufficient for hanging an adult bicycle . Their dramatic failures also mean that they are dangerous . The hooks can probably hold a small power tool , but definitely not a 30lb or heavier bike .
 I bought two of these . Everything seemed fine for a few weeks but when the summer weather heated up , the plastic softened . We heard a crash in the middle of the night and woke to find a bike lying on the hood of the car . We thought maybe the hanger was defective . The next afternoon we came home to find the other bike lying on the floor of the garage . Do n't buy it for a bike.I also own the 1-piece bike hangers from Racor and they work fine .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 These are very cute slippers , and they seem nice and warm . Unfortunately , my 4-month-old kicks them off in under 10 seconds , so they 're useless . I recommend the fleece toggle booties by the same company if your baby is good at taking off shoes and socks .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I received round rod instead of Square , but it was labeled as square . I wo n't be ordering from Small Parts again since my order after this bar ended up in me receiving an empty envelope .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 poor customer service , , , Bewaretook my money got nothingsay they listed wrong price still should honor themBeware they will rip you off
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I bought this to help stick down the bumpers around my coffee table after my baby was able to pull of the corner pieces . This tape was described as strong so I got it . However , it was not as strong as I was lead to believe . This did not work at all for the purposes of sticking the bumpers to the coffee table . I have not used this for other purposes , so I am giving it two stars because I imagine it might work in other situations .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 When I ordered this , I was told it was duct tape , NOT . It is like electrical tape . Not going by your recommendations anymore .
 The tape is only 1/2 inch thick . You can not seal boxes with this tape as they advertise . There is not much you can do with it .
 As stated on another review , this tape is not duck tape . When seaching for DUCK TAPE on Amazon this tape came up in the search . Asuming that the search would bring up something correct , I did not read as carefully as I should have . You know what they say about asuming ... . I bought this tape for my kids to do crafts . Happy Valentines Day ! Here is some electrical tape .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 It do n't work on zombies . If yer buyin this duck tape for yer zombie apocalypse survival kit , I reckon you 'd be better off juss to buy some regular duck tape from wally world . Yer welcome .
 As I do most Sundays , I was working in the back yard on the grill . Because the dude next door is an Al Qaeda operative and he does n't lock his shed , I figured , hey , what the hell , let 's beef up the grill with some bomb grade plutonium . Because I did n't have anything handy to hold it in place , I stuck it down with this 3M nuclear duct tape . After all , I do n't want my burgers exposed directly to radiation!That seemed like a good idea at the time , but when I threw a steak on the grill , not only was the steak cooked way too quickly , but the gamma rays jumped right through the tape and caused the steak to start glowing . It also tasted funny , so I ca n't say I recommend this product at all !
 It is with the profoundest regret that I report that the Nuclear Grade duct tape does not ... and I mean definitely not ... eliminate the seepage of the unique form of energy created by cold fusion.The languorous but potent Sigma waves emanated by cold fusion have escaped slowly but inevitably from our hitherto secret research facility . They have begun with a grim , inescapable determination to deactivate the electromagnetic bonds that unite all matter in the universe.In short , the Mayan calendar should be taken very , very seriously.Our staff has already dismantled the containment chamber from our facility , discarded the Nuclear Grade duct tape , and sold the magnesium-titanium-kryptonite intercorbite dicrumupulator tubing to a scrap dealer and used the proceeds for a case of 18-year old Scotch.In the face of this impending universal catastrophe , we recommend not only to the human race but also to any other sentient creatures in the universe to follow our example with the utmost expedition.If they 're out of 18-year old Scotch , just do what you must do . `` Some say the world may end in fire , Others say in ice.We know cold fusion 's released its ire , So please take our advice ''
 When I first got it , this seemed like a good deal . But three half-lives later , the tape is only 6mm wide ...
 Alpha particles tend to seep through the gaps , so buy two rolls and overlap it quite a bit for a good radiation-free seal .
 Stop with the corny joke reviews , please ! ... Just Stop ! Some of us would like to get real , usable information for such an -LRB- apparently -RRB- overpriced product .
 When using this product-FOR PEACEFUL PURPOSES ONLY - I found that the tape is not nuclear or radioactive , and thus can not be refined into WARHEADS FOR MISSILES TO PUSH ZION - I mean , for peaceful happy fun reactors . This made in useless in my , um , backyard 's nuclear ... um , grilling program . As a loyal American from the state of ... Cleveland , I demand that my so called `` nuclear '' products can actually be used for nuclear purposes . I suspect that the blame lies WITH THE ZIONIS - I mean , goodbye ! - Bob `` American '' McNotIranianpresidentCityville , Cleveland , Great Sa - I mean , USA
 Think about it - tape made to make the Nuclear Regulatory Commission happy or tape made to keep NASCAR cars running?I 've used both - the Nuclear Grade tape does not last long on my back yard reactor . It does n't keep the crumbling cement in place . By the end of winter , the tape is peeling off . And there are NO instructions on how to dispose of it.The NASCAR tape enhances the aerodynamics of my car - we go 7MPH faster and use less gas when the hood 's held down with 3M 6969 NASCAR tape .3 M 6969 48-Millimeter-by-54 .8 - Meter Duct Tape , SilverWeather does n't bother it . I give it out as Christmas gifts every year.It 's not the IQ of the people using it , it 's how fast their cars go .
 This is not $ 500 a ROLL . That is the case price.And to make matters worse , word on the street is 3M stopped certifying their product for nuke use . Basically , this is nothing more than high end duct . Plants now heavily use Nashua 357 . There is some on the eVil auction site ... Being in the duct tape business -LRB- I bet you did n't think there was anyone in the duct tape business -RRB- I know about this stuff . This posting is simply misinformation.Regular wholesale is about $ 12 a roll . Retail maybe a little more than that .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 It 's too thin for use.It should have been at least 1/8th of an inch thick.And it should have released from the protective tape much easier .
 While searching for something similar to the original type of thermal interface material for an old Dell laptop heatsink , I found this thermal tape . The product may be useful for other types of applications , but it did not work well at all for what I needed it for . I believe it is just too thin , and did not make good contact between the chip and the heatsink .
 I do not recommend this product for my intended purpose . I ordered this tape to replace tape on my video card . Unfortunately , this tape is not even thick enough to make contact between the two surfaces rendering it completely useless . Even when doubled -LRB- using 2 pads -RRB- the resulted thickness pales to provide adequate contact and heat protection . Therefore , I advise to seek other means for heat protection .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 This tape is about as reflective as masking tape . I wanted to markup my wife 's bike for night riding . I 'm returning this to get something that will actually do the job . If you 're in the reflective tape business , there is a market opportunity here
 it does the job , but it doesnt do the job well . its not a sharp reflection , i figured that it would be a strong refelction , the adhesive side has more reflection then the plastic side .
 When I typed in glow in the dark tape , this tape appears as a product that `` glows in the dark . '' When I saw reflective tape as the product description , I just assumed that it glowed in the dark . I am sure that this is great tape for reflective purposes , but I am very disappointed that it does not glow .
 This is not as reflective as the stuff I can get from Walmart . What really upset me was that it 's not 1 inch wide , it 's 0.93 inches wide . I needed it 1 inch wide . That is why I went through the trouble looking for this product . I am very unhappy . Not as described .
 I tried to use this on my car , I prepped the area with some rubbing alcohol and dried it off , it was a little cold , would not stick at all , it was falling off . I took it inside and left it for a bit and decided to mess with it again inside , it was stickier and loses most of its adhesion in the cold . Inside I was able to get it to stick to a metal cooking pot , but it pulled off easier than painters tape . If you want an idea of how sticky this stuff is grab a piece of wrapping or packing tape , stick it to the palm of your hand about 5-7 times and then stick it something and try and pull it back off . another example is a sticky roller that you just used and needs the sheet ripped off , still a little tacky but not sticky . This stuff is very reflective , but does me no good as it does not stick to anything .
 Must have been really OLD did not stick to anything.JVCC REF-7 Engineering Grade Reflective Tape
 This ` reflective ' tape is terrible . There 's nothing reflective about it . It barely catches any light , and unless you 're massively photosensitive , no one would consider this reflective at all . Even cats and owl 's superior night vision would miss this one . It 's blue tape ; that 's about it . And as just that , it 's grossly overpriced . It does n't even stick well . We sent it back for a refund .
 I 'm not sure about other reviews but we put orange tape on our equipment and had no reflectivity . On top of that , the tape has very little stickiness to it and peels off quickly . Poor item . I 'd look elsewhere for getting true reflective tape .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The description for this item says it is 100 washers but the packaging of the washers said 30 and the package contained only 30 . The product worked fine for what I 'd intended , but I did n't have enough .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Contrary to the description this is NOT comparable in any way to duct tape . As for a vinyl tape , it is even worse . Super flimsy . Guess that is why it is so easy to tear by hand .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The description for this item says it is 100 washers but the packaging of the washers said 30 and the package contained only 30 . The product worked fine for what I 'd intended , but I did n't have enough .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 they used so little glue on this fabric type duct tape it will just not stick to much of anything , certainly whatever it is used on , it will just not last . cheap , i repeat cheap ...
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I 'm in the market for a new steam cleaner . Like many other reviewers I bought my Europro from HSN a few years ago . They marketed it on TV as the `` Mercedes '' of their steamer line . I was thrilled with it for almost two years before it just stopped heating the water . But when it worked , it worked very well and was really amazing at what crap it could remove around the house . With two sloppy teenage boys , and a huge Newfoundland dog , messes rule my house . It was a chore , though , to use this steamer since it was a slow cleaning process , but it was just so thorough and everything came out looking new , but sometimes I just did n't want to drag it out , search for the funnel , fill it up , wait for it to heat up , then spend an hour cleaning one or maybe two rooms depending on how gross the job was . But I really miss it and need another one badly . But not Euro Pro this time . I probably will go with the McCulloch since it 's left than half what I paid and none of the reviewers have said that it sh*t the bed yet like most of the reviewers here !
 I bought this product and attempted to clean my shower , it did nothing but waste my time . It took at least 20 minutes for the water to heat up and turn into steam . It is a total waste of money . Also , just to carry this cleaner around from room to room was a burden on my arms . I think this product is a disgrace to technologists at Europro who are supposed to make prodcts that work properly . Not these type of `` less than mediocre '' products . I 'm disgusted !
 This product is AWFUL ! Do not leave the cap on when storing it after several months of non-use . The cap will rust and become impossible to remove . I even tried channel lock pliers and spray lubricant ! I called Customer Service and they want me to ship it back to them and charge me a repair fee . After that , I am expected to pay to ship it BACK to me ! Forget this product . Euro-Pro is euro-trash !
 I too bought the Euro Pro Steamer from HSN a few years back . When the unit arrived it was banged up from the get go as if it had been dropped upside down a few times . Unfortunately , the reviews about the non-existent customer service is too true . When I tried to reach them for questions about the unit the line was always busy . I loved my steamer at first banged up or not . It was great at cleaning grout , tile floors , and windows although it was time consuming waiting for the thing to heat up . Yesterday however I went to steam clean my floors , and found that this steamer turned out to be very dangerous . As the thing started to heat up , steam started pouring out through the lid while making horrible noises as if the lid were about to explode off of it . I unplugged it and let it sit for a while thinking that perhaps I did n't put the lid on right or something . After about 30 minutes I went back to check the lid and a huge burst of steam shot out and burned my arm and face . For $ 300.00 or more dollars I would expect this supposed cadillac of all steam cleaners to last for more than two years . This Euro Pro is going in the garbage , and I do n't plan on buying any of there products ever again . If any of you know of a good steam cleaner please let me know .
 I waited over 5 weeks for this cleaner to arrive . The steam is not hot - can put your hand in it and not get burned . It did n't even start to clean my oven . I have a little Hot Shot that put rings around this model .
 This item was shipped without the manual -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- . Operation is NOT intuitive and a friend who was trying to help out was scalded . Unfortunately the Euro-Pro Company uses a call center that is apparently located in a third world country . In other words , unless you speak Hindi , forget it . After 6 months am still waiting for the manual . I hope someone here can help out .
 I 've used several different steamers of varying cost , and I did n't find this one to be that much better , considering it 's costs . So I figured it cost so much because it would last a long time.About 6 months and 10 cleans later , the heating unit broke . I never use the EP961 on full throttle , in fact , I at most use it at half power . 10 uses and the most expensive component goes out ? I ca n't recommend this product .
 This product is not exactly what I was looking for . I own a small neighborhood meat market . I had heard that there was a new product on the market that cleans and sanitizes using only water ... and I was looking for such a machine to clean my cutting boards , counter tops , and other equipment that comes in daily contact with raw meat and raw poultry products . Hot water and soap is okay but does not kill all the bacteria . Bleach water disinfects but its frequent use wears down and discolors my equipment . So I thought I found the solution with steam . Unfortunately , I confused steam with vapor . I recently came across a great review at -LSB- website -RSB- that points out the differences . I highly recommend that you read it before you by this product
 We ordered this product from HSN 10 months ago . Although we used it frequently on our tile floors , it was not abused . We paid over $ 200.00 and it lasted just shy of 10 months and then would no longer heat the water . The warranty does not cover labor or shipping ... only parts . By the time we get done paying for needed repairs , we are better off buying another one ... just NOT a Euro Pro .
 I have bought five euro-pro steam cleaners three for Christmas gifts and two for myself . All have malfunctioned within three month time . The expense of shipping these back for repairs is very costly say nothing about the length of time for the repairs to be done -LRB- 10 weeks -RRB- . Do not try to reach customer service as the line is always busy . I feel someone should be held accountable and start listening to customers who have spent a lot of money thinking they are getting a good product and service -LRB- which both lack -RRB- . I also think the place of purchase should be more helpful in getting euro-pro to better serve their customers . It 's not only about selling a product but being able to satisfy and go the extra step to help customers resolve any issues .
 I bought this cleaner several months ago and it barely did anything . You would expect that a `` steam '' cleaner would spray a hot mist right ? Wrong . It was barely warm . Later on I purchased a VAPOR cleaner from another internet dealer -LRB- vapor-systems . com -RRB- and let me tell you , the vapor coming out of its nozzle was blazing hot . I could n't put my hand near it . The other internet dealers product would clean any surface instantly . I suggest that if you are going to purchase any type of steam/vapor cleaner that you go with a vapor cleaner .
 I purchased this model from HSN about 2 years ago . Once I finally took it out of the box and started cleaning , I could not stop . It was great at cleaning everything . Once I was done , I really felt the house was clean . Then the day before company was coming for Christmas , I turned it on to heat up , there was a flash from the bottom , then the heating unit was dead . It still has power , but no heat . It took perseverance to find a number and then reach customer service who was less than helpful . She advised that I would have to pay for shipping and repairs and that it was probably not worth it . When I asked for a local dealer , she could only advise to check with any small appliance repair . I suspect from the other posts that I will find out that it will be cheaper to buy a new one . This is definately the way to clean , and I feel lost without it . However , it appears from the other posts that mine was not an unusual event . So while I will buy another vapor cleaner , I will not be investing my money in this brand anymore if this is the best they can do with their supposed high end model .
 Its very sad that Euro-pro has made an excellent product that does n't last and offers consumers limited options for repair . For the past two years I have used this machine to remove wallpaper , a calcimine ceiling and eggs pitched at my house on Halloween . It is has been amazing at cleaning the usual household objects and freshing clothing . I loved it so much I purchased a smaller version to keep at my parent 's house and I have recommended it to at least 20 others.The internal gaskets must have failed and now the safety cap leaks steam and the machine makes frightening noises . I am just going to pitch it because it is dangerous and is too costly to repair.To paraphrase Ricky Riccardo `` Euro-pro you have some ` splaining to do . ''
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 This might be a good sealant if you use it before its time-stamp . I would say its shelf life sucks ; when I tried to use it several months after I bought it , it had coagulated into a lumpy , useless mess . Silicone sealants I 've used in the past had shelf lives of at least a year -- I 'm still using a tube of Permatex Ultra Blue automotive sealant after more than 5 years ! Of course you have to remove a hardened plug with an exacto knife each time .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 Worst quality endmill Ive ever seen . Probably fine if youre using it to cut styrofoam or something . Used to take some light cuts on aluminum , 3 '' DOC , 7500 RPM , .010 stepover , 60IPM , and the thing exploded .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 You sent the wrong Big Wheel . The picture is right with the white wheels and solid rubber tires.But you sent the Big Wheel with black wheels and Pneumatic tires.You need to hire some one with some Quality Control or hire a responsibility person.ThanksLarry
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 These gloves are good quality , but no different than the ones you find at any discount department store for a fraction of the cost . The only difference is that the discount store gloves do not have the Mud logo on them , the material , build method and quality are virtually identical.So if I could , I 'd rate these a 4/5 for quality and a 1/5 for value .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 This might be a good sealant if you use it before its time-stamp . I would say its shelf life sucks ; when I tried to use it several months after I bought it , it had coagulated into a lumpy , useless mess . Silicone sealants I 've used in the past had shelf lives of at least a year -- I 'm still using a tube of Permatex Ultra Blue automotive sealant after more than 5 years ! Of course you have to remove a hardened plug with an exacto knife each time .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The picture is of the old style of the same number . Be aware these are now garden-type gloves . The back is now a plain knit , not the spandex shown . Mechanix says they will not be using this style anymore . The gloves still have leather-like palms , are machine washable and the back is the burgandy color shown . My wife really liked the old style better .
 I had a green pair of these that lasted through some pretty serious stuff ... the red and blue ones only last through a couple of weekends of regular gardening . The fingers wear through or the seams rip on the finger tips . I bought the leather ones and they lasted a bit longer but after a month or so they even wore through at the tips . I do have long nails but , I had long nails when I used the green pair ... which was only retired because I sliced through them with a blade by accident , but the gloves saved my skin . Too bad the gloves were irriplacable : -LRB-
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 When I first bought these I thought `` These are great , easy to install '' however the very next day after installing them the mesh screen that is on the top side , came off . At first I thought the whole thing popped off , but it was just the screen . The worst part is this happened when there was no rain or wind . So I am skeptable about what will happen in bad weather . Very disappointing . Especially since I bought and installed 300ft . of them . : - -LRB-
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 This product is n't as heavy duty as it appears in the pictures . I think a better description would be helpful to know the diameter of the bolt . It did n't meet my needs .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Unfortunately this product arrived minus the lock strips clearly shown in the photo used to describe the product . Another reviewer had reported this happened to them also . I did n't return the item because I had enough lock strip left over from a purchase years ago from a lumberyard . Other than that the weather striping arrived quickly , shipped in a heavy cardboard tube that protected it from kinks but the ends of all the pieces were mangled from sliding back and forth in the tube . Still useable , just trim off an inch . Could be a problem on a door larger than 2-8 x 6-8 . I would look for another source of this weather stripping unless you can work around the issues mentioned .
 M-D Building Products makes cheap products . The 6th smaller piece for the latch is not included -LRB- it is in the photo -RRB- . Ends are bent , probably from the factory cutting them without care . Do not buy this product , it is very cheap and not worth your hard earned money .
 Very disappointed . Product came damaged and missing the piece for the top of the door . All pieces were crumpled on both ends and bent in the center . Do n't buy this .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 Bought a Wayne Sump Pump and also a Check Valve.Amazon ad said that the Check Valve works for a 1-1/4 '' or 1-1/2 '' discharge ... but it is ONLY for a 1-1/4 '' discharge ... looked at what was in the box and NO ADAPTER to attach the check valve to the pump for 1-1/2 '' discharge ... read the directions and it does not fit a 1-1/2 '' discharge !!! After paying for 1-day delivery and getting it 6-days later ... bearing in mind that I am HAND PUMPING my sump this whole time ... you can imagine my disappointment when it showed up and did not fit the pump !!! If Amazon is going to sell sump pumps then you need to accurately identify which check valves fit each pump AND mark the check valve size accurately ... FYI it was a 1-1/4 '' check valve with an ADAPTER to fit a 1-1/4 '' pipe or a 1-1/2 '' pipe ... I gave this order a MINUS-5 STARS .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 This product is exactly what is stated in its name . Do n't be fooled by what is in the full description , features , or think about the retail price . For `` $ 182.50 '' I would expect a full faucet kit and not merely the trim , especially when the entire kit is now available for retail $ 221.90 -LRB- Dealyard $ 89.99 -RRB- . It is a misleading description of the item , and the quoted retail price is totally ridiculous .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I have not received this item . Amazon tells me to contact the company . Techni-Tool pretty much tells `` too-bad . '' This purchase was a mistake .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I had been looking for restaurant style rubber spatulas and finally found them here . I ordered four of them . The picture shows the flat style spatula , which is what I wanted . What came were the spoon style . Had I wanted those , I would have ordered them . Now begins the process of the return and hopeful exchange.Wish me luck .
 This item , although sold in the Kitchen dept , is so big , stiff and unwieldy it is n't at all useful for scraping batters out of bowls . Had to return . Found smaller more flexible same-brand model under something like `` Science and Industrial '' which showed up in Recommendations after purchase of these big honkers . Go figure . They did n't show up when the search for `` Rubber Spatulas '' was made . Hope the others -LRB- have n't rec 'd them yet -RRB- will work better .
 My ancient Rubbermaid spatula began to crack about 10 years ago ... that 's when I began the search for a replacement . I wanted Rubbermaid , but could n't find any in stores . Eventually I purchased a Le Creuset , but I continued looking for Rubbermaid . Well , I found it here and ordered one . I made a cake and was happy to put my new scraper to the test . To my surprise it did n't scrape the sides of the bowl clean . I wondered if it was just me or what . I pulled out the Le Creuset and tried it . Perfection ! ... and I 'd had it all the while . I compared my new Rubbermaid with the old one I still had lying around . Aside from the handle-change to plastic , the new one is a tad smaller , and both sides are straight , whereas the old one has curved sides that hug the bowl better . The old also has 2 curved `` corners '' at the top , whereas the new has one square `` corner '' which prevents you from getting a good tight seal with the bowl you are scraping . To my amazement , I now LOVE my Le Creuset , and will relegate this Rubbermaid to second-string duty . Sorry Rubbermaid , our love affair is over . -LRB- And the fact that it 's made in China does n't endear me to it , either . -RRB- Update
 They were made in China . Sadly you can not find out until you order them , which I did . I will not make the mistake of purchasing additional Rubbermaid products . Their web site says they have factories in the US , but they do n't use them to make Spatulas , and I do n't want to pay for more return shipping .
 This FOOD SERVICE item arrived loose and unwrapped in an Amazon mailer envelope . Since it was not individually wrapped to protect it from the rigors of distribution , it had heavy dark marks from dirty warehouse shelves/floors that will not completely wash off -LRB- heavy duty dish soap and two different scrubbers -RRB- . That is disgusting !! A very small fraction of a dollar could have been spent on an individual wrapper and salvaged Rubbermaid 's reputation.Otherwise it seems like a good quality extra large scraper . The handle is very strong and rigid -LRB- H-beam shape -RRB- , properly joined to the scraper -LRB- it does not appear it will ever separate without excessive traumatic effort -RRB- . The scraper rubber seems to have just the right amount of give vs. stiffness from the handle to the edges . The overall weight feels good
 The Rubbermaid spatula is great ! BUT I sent it back , because this item was sold by a vendor for Amazon , not Amazon itself . And the vendor charged over $ 8.00 shipping -LRB- on an item costing $ 2.65 -RRB- . That 's just a little out of proportion , do n't you think ? P.S. I only got 1/2 of the shipping back .
 Ordered the 16.5 inch version of the product . It is a bit too long - I know now why that length was cheaper than the shorter versions . Still - it was not the length that has turned me against this product it is the poor quality of the rubber spatula head . Using it to turn some vegetables in a frying pan it quickly began to melt and disintegrate into the food . I would certainly not recommend this product to anyone .
 didnt expect an extra large size thought it would be a normal size spatula hard to handle did not like . To make use of this size I would have to be making a triple batch of cookies , cakes etc. . . will not make that mistake again .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The add for this tape states it 's easy to use - it is not!It 's basically a very overpriced , flimsy ribbon with no adhesive - you have to supply some kind of cement - additional cost and a big mess !
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Bought a RadioShack antenna rotator in September -LRB- 2008 -RRB- as part of a digital / HD TV upgrade project -LRB- new antenna ; new mast -RRB- . The rotator worked fine for 74 days , then it froze.Climbed on the roof , opened the hatch on the bottom of the motor unit , and found a puddle of water - dried the inside of the motor housing , added some dry waterproofing spray , and it worked fine again ... . for another 5 days.First hard freeze of the winter and the rotator is again not operating . Risked life and limb to climb up the snowy roof , and found frozen water in the motor housing . These things are supposed to be designed for outdoor use - obviously , they are defective by design if water can get into the motor unit.RadioShack rotators used to last 10 or 20 years or more . They have obviously cheapened the materials being used in them today - there 's lot 's of reviews of this product on the Internet , with complaints about the rotator failing in less than a year.Save your money - buy a ChannelMaster or other quality antenna rotator . The rotator RadioShack is currently selling us a total piece of junk !
 Unacceptable!I installed the first rotator in October 2008 . All was well until the first day the temperature was below freezing - the unit failed to rotate . When the temperature rose to above freezing the unit began rotating again . A second period of below freezing temperature - the unit failed to rotate . As before , when the temperature rose to above freezing the unit worked again , but then froze in position and failed to rotate even when temperatures reached 40 + F . This all occurred within 60-days . I had to melt the snow off the roof in order to remove the rotator in order to exchange it before the 90-day warranty expired . The second rotator has been in place for just seven days and tonight has failed - temperature is 22 F tonight . I expect that due to the weather I will not be able to get onto the roof to remove this second rotator so the warranty will expire and I will be out the full cost of the rotator.I strongly urge you to buy another rotator - this model is completely unreliable .
 3.5 '' was claimed but it was actually a larger 3.75 '' in diameter size so it wo n't fit on the 3.5 '' inner diameter hole that I have for the cleanout canister for the tub . Also , the picture was 3 years old , I found out from the manufacturer . Had to return it and buy another one from another supplier that the manufacturer recommended , that had the ability to supply one that fits better , namely a Sioux Chief 882-EB320 that has a diameter for 3.378 '' which is closer to the 3.5 '' specification I need .3.5 '' Clean Test Plug
 I was disappointed with the product received . At first I beleived that the product was a `` second '' . I corresponded with Vermont American -LRB- Robert Bosch Tool Co -RRB- and they sent me others -LRB- free of charge -RRB- Upon receipt of the new bits I saw the difference .
 Ripped in half as soon as I tightened it around my Dewalt drill . I did n't even pull very hard , just enough for it not to come loose . The rubber is poor quality .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 These said USA on them in the website but they were not.I really got upset and I wont order these no more.They never corrected the website either.Buyer beware
 The set of nutdrivers I received were black in color and were made in China . Not worth the hassle of sending back . Will use until they inevitably strip , crack , or break , and then will search for some Made in USA nutdrivers .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Thought I was going to get the indicator shown in the picture along with the mag pot . Why would the indicator be shown in the picture if it is not included , very deceiving . Description of item at the bottom of page , says system of measurement , inch . . Thought this was referring to the indicator .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 This seems to be a solid , well-made part that would do as expected ... unfortunately the product description fails to note what the packaging says -LRB- purchasers can read it after it arrives , duh ... -RRB-
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 My complaint is that the Amazon.com portion of the product description says `` The sets come three to a pack '' . This is misleading as there is only 1 set . Technically there are 3 pieces -LRB- hook , screw for hook side and screw with eyelet that hook goes through -RRB- . For less than $ 4 I 'm not going to return product , that would be more of a hassle than it 's worth . Just disappointed because I specifically picked this product because I thought it had 3 hook sets included . Please correct description so others are n't mislead .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I 've bought 5 pairs for my guys in the shop and these didnt last more than a day of use . . NOT REALLY FOR MECHANICS
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 This cone is a good-quality , easily-stowable piece of safety equipment . The flashing light is not on top as shown in the photo , but is inside the base , illuminating the entire cone from the inside . I find the flashing light to be an unnecessary feature , but perhaps it is a draw for some people . The cone itself is a good size and seems sturdy with decent reflective tape . I purchased 3 of these in order to examine them more closely . I then decided to buy some additional cones , but discovered that the price had doubled from $ 10.19 to over $ 20.00 per cone . I would recommend that this cone is a bargain at $ 10.19 , but not worth double the money , hence my recommendation dropped from 5 to 2 stars .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 it did not come with attachments as it said it would and it was pictured that way as well . very misleading
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 This seemed like an afterthought without putting much thought into the product . Not built very well . . The light flickers , very limited spread of light , the battery pack flops around and seems like it should be brighter . I looked for an alternative and found the Quasar Lighting System which fits over the lens and contains 6 very bright LED 's . Honestly , this is the product that Donegan should have come up with . Same price as the OptiLIGHT , but unfortunately Amazon does not carry it . Very Very pleased with the Quasar . DO NOT waste your money on the OptiLIGHT .
 Good for temporary light in dark work areas , not a permanentsolution . A bit overpriced for what you get , runs extremelyhot . Batteries die off quickly .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I ordered the product shown part number and all . I received an Email that the company was sending a different item . Received and older model not made any more . Also item is 2 volts off and as well as for amps . It was a case of misrepresenting the item . A good trick I call it.I was told I could send it back . Well last time I sent an item back on here -LRB- not this seller -RRB- it took me a year to get my money back and had to make a complaint in local area of seller.I say avoid this seller he or she is tricky . For the price I paid and time for me to devote to sending it back is just not worth it . The time to write this was not worth it.I wrote this review out of principal . Also this item can be found for less if you look around.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER ! -5 Stars
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I 'm disappointed with this vacuum and will be returning it . I bought it to do bare floors , under furniture , and places that I ca n't reach with an upright . It does n't pick up the layer of dust that covers my hardwood floors . It does n't seem powerful enough to remove dust from my oriental carpets . The upholstery/crevice tool has no brush and must be held at a certain angle to produce the suction which can be aggravating . The floor tool also has to be at a certain angle to provide the proper suction which can be difficult when trying to clean under the sofa and other furniture . I ca n't find a dusting brush to fit the wand and I really wanted a small lightweight compact to dust things with . Oh well , you 'd probably have to hold that at the exact right angle also . It is lightweight and quiet but who cares if you ca n't really clean with it . Also , I have n't measured the cord but it sure does n't seem like it 's coming out 17 ft , maybe it 's stuck .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I received my bits in poor condition . The outer case had two cracks and was smudged so much it was n't transparent anymore . The drill bits have uneven cutting points and the magnets that hold them in place are a joke . I regret this purchase but am now stuck with them since it will cost as much to keep them -LRB- $ 10.00 -RRB- as it will to ship them back . Do n't buy junk like I just did , buy a Irwin drill bit set instead .
 the skull is somewhat useful ... i am a medical student and while the skull has most of the important features it was not assembled well , you can tell the different pieces were glued together and some do n't fit very well , i actually broke it apart and glued it back together myself to make it fit better , also , many of the important holes , while indicated by small depressions , are not actually holes which can cause confusion ... . also BE AWARE the description states that this model contains the vertebrae and artery but IT DOES NOT , it is simply the skull with removable teeth
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 it did not come with attachments as it said it would and it was pictured that way as well . very misleading
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 These are very cute slippers , and they seem nice and warm . Unfortunately , my 4-month-old kicks them off in under 10 seconds , so they 're useless . I recommend the fleece toggle booties by the same company if your baby is good at taking off shoes and socks .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Read what others have posted . I checked in on the product right after I bought and applied it to two windows . It is the worst smelling stuff to ever come out of a caulk gun . Reminds me of plastic model cement , and the dose is huge!I saw that the stuff works great for what it is intented for , sealing cracks , but after an hour , I had to remove it . I was n't going to endure a couple days of curing for my health . Please , use adequate ventilation , and do n't make the same mistake I did in applying it during the winter .
 DAP 18324 10.1 oz Seal 'N Peel CaulkAfter following the instructions on the tube , it did n't adhere to the window frame .
 This product sucks . I ordered 2 and could n't even get the first one to act right . I stored this in the garage with the other random stuff . I guess that is why I could n't find it in any hardware stores . Save your sanity - do n't buy it .
 I used 1-1/2 tubes of this caulk in my basement and it made my entire 2 story house smell so terrible that I had to evacuate my family . I have used other weatherproofing products over the years and I have never encountered one with such a toxic byproduct . I thought for a bit I was going to have to take my family to the hospital . I had the basement exterior door open during installation , but obviously had to close it once night came . People who buy this are going to use it when it is cold outside . Not when it is 60 out and we can sleep with all the windows open in the house . The ability to open the windows totally negates the use of this product.There are many other solutions that are safer for your families health and are just as effective . I would recommend avoiding this product at all costs . I will never use it again or recommend it to friends or family whose health I cared about .
 The only reason I did not give this product a 1 star is because the product does actually seal windows wonderfully , but the fumes are horrible . Even 12 hours after application fumes are still present . Any savings by sealing your windows will be lost by the amount of time your unsealed doors/windows need to be open to let out the fumes . If you think about it the product 's instructions present a perfect oxy moron . You need to apply in a well ventilated area yet you are sealing the very windows that would allow for ventilation . It seems that the manufacturer could have developed the product a little further to eliminate the fumes and thus the need to open up your whole house for hours to get rid of them . I recommend using another product or method to seal your windows .
 This is my second season using the product , I just applied it today ... and I 'm sitting here and about worried as much as I can be about the fumes . Yes , they are that bad ... everything you read about them is true , the fumes are overpowering . If you want to compare it to something then get a motorcycle helmet , squirt a full tube of model cement on the inside of the visor , then wear the helmet on for a couple hours ... probably about the same as the 8 tubes of this seal and peel I just squirted inside my house . I have 5 ceiling fans , 5 exhaust fans -LRB- bathroom type -RRB- , and even an air exchanger connected to the HVAC system -LRB- came with the house , LOVE it -RRB- ... I 've had them running full blast for 10 hours venting the house , and the fumes are still extremely strong . If I did not have a full house air exchanger connected to the HVAC system that is now blowing fresh air from outside into every room then I would NOT be in the house right now ... even now I 'm seriously considering not going to bed tonight so I can be the test ginny pig ... if I start getting a headache then I 'm waking the entire family up and we 're heading to a hotel . The fumes were very bad last year too , I just thought I did n't ventilate quick enough or well enough , so this year I took every precaution and it is BAD BAD BAD ... I will not be using this product again . Let me say it again ... I will NOT be using this product again.Now the good part - it is very easy to apply . It was also very easy to remove in the spring . And it seals the windows very well . That 's why I gave it 2 starts ... otherwise the fumes would have me rate it with a negative number -LRB- if it was possible ! -RRB- . If you have the ability to apply the product then leave your house for a few days then buy it . If you plan on being in the house right after applying it then I would recommend NOT using this stuff.The only reason I got here to write this review was due to the fact I was searching the net for safety precautions on the product ... really , that 's how bad the fumes are , they are so bad it drove me to the net to see if I put my family at risk ... looking for warning signs.Next year instead of using this stuff I 'm turning the heat up a couple degrees and springing for the extra beating bill ... it 's worth it not to have to go through the fumes .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 This product is white tape as advertised . The stickyness factor combined with its narrowness makes it hard to use . would not recommend .
 The reading are inaccurate . I 've checked them against a calibrated sphygmomanometer and the reading are n't even close . I can not reccommend this product .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Metal quality fine but they are sloppy in hold and &#34; flop &#34; on the board . Cheap enough not to return but not enough to recommend .
 I ordered this from one of the other vendors and paid $ 39 plus shipping.I was n't impressed with the cheap plastic case they come in -LRB- crudely molded out of the same plastic used to make milk jugs , and not much thicker either -RRB- , so I used the bits to make wooden blocks to hold them . While doing that , I used each of the bits once , and found that about 50 % of them have a definite `` wobble '' from being a bit bent , although not quite enough to render them unusable . I also noticed that they have a strange design - the flutes are ground differently from the better quality bits I own . Finally , I 'm not impressed with the titanium coating . It 's not smooth and in one case flaked off from the tip of a bit.So , why did I give them a 2 star rating ? Well , they are plentiful and inexpensive enough to just be worth what I paid for them . I purchased them with a particular need in mind -LRB- I wanted the numbered bits for a set of taps I own -RRB- and think they will be able to do the job , although not with the precision I was hoping for .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 when it is leaking , it is quite hard to open the assembly . wasting me a whole morning now . . sigh . .
 This one charge too much shipping fee and you have no option to choose cheaper shipping.When I got two sets for my bathroom and found they did n't fit my current valve system even it 's exactly same model from Moen so I decided to return . However I was charge 20 % restocking fee even I did n't touch anything inside the boxes and return the wholething with orignial packages .
 There are two pictures side by side from the seller . The first picture looks like a zoom-in image of knobs and spray . Then the second one shows the completed suite of the faucet , giving me a feeling that this sale incudes all of these parts . In fact , the seller will only deliver you nothing more than two knobs and one spray . I just called amazon to request a return . Depending on the final return result , I will either down grade the rate to 1 star or upgrade to 3 start . The reason I call it `` misleading '' not `` cheating '' because later , once I got the package , I re-checked the website and found one sentence says `` valve 9000 not included '' . I was overwhelmed by the `` convincing '' pictures .
 These bits are a joke . I spent 45 minutes trying to drill a hole in a stone and only managed a hole about 1/16 inch deep . I used 3 different bits to do this . They were a waste of money .
 Wish I had scrolled down to read the reviews before buying . These bits are weaker than any home depot special i have ever picked up . They might be able to make a dent in softened butter , but do n't waste your time on anything strong enough to actually require the use of a power drill .
 The photo shows 3 gears , but the description only mentions one gear , and that does n't seem to match any of those in the picture.How can I buy it if I do n't know whether I would get what 's describedor what 's pictured ?
 Pros : - 1/64 '' steps - Very nice plastic case - `` No spin '' hex shank -LRB- also lets larger bits fit 3/8 '' chucks -RRB- - Pilot point works as advertisedCons : - Gold Ferrous Oxide instead of TiN - More shank and less flute than your average drill bit - Design aggressively chews up wood badly -LRB- with tear out on exit -RRB- - Not good for soft woods -LRB- works better with harder woods -RRB- - Flutes seem less sharp than other brands - Too much heat concentrated at pilot point risks burning the bit - Halfway down , bits bite hard into the wood -LRB- especially the larger ones -RRB- and cause the drill to screw itself into the wood until the chuck hits requiring you to backout and try again . This is very frustrating and is a major design flaw in my opinion . As such these bits are not well suited to hand drills.If you are set on this purchase , consider the package with the measuring tape : DEWALT DW1969TM Heavy Duty 29-Piece Pilot Point Set with FREE Tape MeasureOr the 25pc Black Oxide version with the normal tip : DEWALT DW1164 25 Piece Black Oxide Drill Bit SetNote there also exists a cobalt version with the Pilot Point tip : DEWALT DW1269 29 Piece Cobalt Pilot Point Metal Drill Bit Index Set
 I am a serious amateur carpenter , and a long time Dewalt tool loyalist , so I was very excited to get this set . Unfortunately , although I have a drill press , much of the work I need to do requires a cordless drill , and I have found these bits to be difficult to get good results with . As the other reviewers state , they tend to grab hold and thread themselves into the wood , particularly if you are trying to enlarge an existing hole , and there is little that can be done to stop them . The results are often a blowout on the back side , and they are so aggressive , the hole is not as clean as I would like . I have experienced blowouts even when blocking the back side , as you should with any bit . Most recently , I clamped my blocking to the piece and it blew out anyway . Frustrating.I will say they are great in the drill press when everything is clamped down and you have better control of the rate of descent of the chuck , but otherwise , I tend to shy away from using these bits , they are just to aggressive and destructive . I wish I had tried another brand , like Milwaukee or Irwin .
 These are some of the worst drill bits I have ever had the displeasure to use . I caution anyone who is trying to achieve any fine control over their drilling to stay far away from these.First , they seem to get quite hot , very quickly . I see some other reviewers have noted this . Working in hardwoods you will especially note this , with good potential for burning the wood.But far worse than that is the overly aggressive bite these take of the wood once they dig in . Trust me ; whether its hardwood , softwood , even plywood - when these start to `` bite '' they rip and tear into the wood with such aggression that only one of two outcomes is possible
 I have used one of these for a few months in my drill press and I have had several scrapes to my hands . The problem is that the cutting end is very aggressive and as soon as it cuts through the far side of the work piece with the pilot tip , the drill bit tends to break through the material and grab it - spinning it rapidly . I am not exactly a novice with using a drill press . Any bit has some tendency to do this and you need to clamp the work piece , have a backer piece under it , and slow down the feed just before the drill exits the other side.The worse case using these bits is in drilling thick polycarbonate plastic - it 's tough and these blasted bits grab every time on the exit . I have had similar but lesser problems in brass and aluminum.I finally gave up and plan to sell the set in a garage sale - buyer beware ! I have gone back to the standard point type bits.These bits are an accident waiting to happen in my opinion .
 bits are junk jam in wood broke one bit dulled three more trying to drill four holes 3/8 metal i ' v had better $ 15 doller sets got from amazon
 all in all the bits set are good , however when drilling thru industural steel studs they break they do n't seem to be design for high speed drill -LRB- electric drill -RRB- they also kills the batteries in cordless ones with just a few drillingsDEWALT DW1361 Titanium Pilot Point Drill Bit Set , 21-Piece
 I 'm a home remodeler . I 've had this set for a couple years and am not happy . The small bits have worked fine . The larger bits will actually start to thread into the wood like a screw . Being extra careful to apply light pressure the drill will still twist out of your hand . I thought maybe I was doing something wrong so I asked my father -LRB- also a remodeler -RRB- to try them . He had the same problem . We did n't have the right size bit to drill a hole in our boat . We rolled the dice and use this set again . Not good . Splintered the fiberglass and made a mess . Now I 'm looking for a different set .
 Where do I start ? When I worked for Lowe 's for 6 years I was a delivery driver . Having gloves with good grip was essential in my daily routine . I wore Mechanix gloves every day , usually the `` Impact Pro '' which retailed at the store for $ 35 . I got them for free as a store use item . They would last me 1 to 2 weeks per pair of gloves . They just fell apart . So my expectations were low for these `` Grip '' gloves.Now I handle 500 pieces of freight every night with the majority being cardboard boxes . Let me tell you that the `` grip '' is a JOKE ! I was using Carhardt C-Grip gloves until Amazon stopped selling them directly . They were a dream . The Mechanix gloves have these little nubs on the contact part of the glove that rub off with first use . It has been a week of use and the gloves are bald . BALD ! Nothing left . There was grip on my motorcycle but not a solid contact . I see the seams are starting to weaken already . The only way these gloves would work is if they were molded rubber . The contact part of the gloves are NOT rubber . You can buy garden gloves with the same `` grip '' for $ 2 elsewhere.The only PRO is that the fastening system on these works well . Does n't stick to fabric . But these gloves get the lowest rating . Do NOT buy them as you will be disappointed beyond belief . I will try to return these to Amazon
 I bought these gloves with high expectations , but I was let down . I own a few different pair of Mechanix gloves for different applications and thought these gloves would be a good addition . The gloves fit very well , but the grippy dots do n't last . After the first night of use the thumbs on both gloves were bald , and it has gotten progressively worse . I would not buy these again .
 I 've always loved this brand of gloves ... this pair was disappointing . My last pair lasted 3 years before the seams being to fail.Went on a camping trip with them by the end of the week , one finger tip seam had failed.The little texture beads are a gimmick , most had fallen or torn off within the first 2 days.Disappointed , going to return for credit and try a different model .
 The item was never sent and it/or it never arrived . The company that represented this item , never sent the item nor was I ever contacted why the product was never sent . Rip off !
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 This tool as it comes proves the adage , `` You get what you pay for '' . It is made in India , and though the brass seems ok , everything else about the quality is lacking . I should have taken D. Dimas 's review more literally ; unless , like D. Dimas , you are prepared to put a lot of time into making this `` precision '' measuring device precise , skip it .
 The gloves were quality gloves . I order these gloves for the men at the church I attend . A couple of the gloves would not fasten . Also some of gloves burst between the thumb and pointer finger . They did not fit like shown in the picture . They were not happy . So now I have to try and find them some better gloves . I was disappointed .
 As a small contractor , I use a lot of different caulks , and GE silicones , although pricey , are usually my choice for my clients.That is , until lately , when i did a replacement on a vanity , sinks , and countertop . I applied the caulk as normal , but it NEVER HARDENED!The client was very dissatisfied , although it was beyond my control , and i had to spend a half day cleaning out all the old caulk , and re-caulking it with a competing brand.I did write to GE who told me it was `` Normal '' for it not to harden if it was close to its expiration date -LRB- this had a month left -RRB- and basically told me they had no interest in backing up their faulty product.Will I buy it again ? NO .
 Recently used GE Silicone II caulk and it never cured , i.e. it remained tacky.It was an unopened tube with expiration date 8 months away.This is a HUGE problem since I spenthours and hours prepping and now have to repeat much of that time removing thesticky GE caulk and reapplying a different brand . I always test outexpired caulk before using but did n't think I needed to in this case.I will now always do a test bead a few days before usage to confirm thatproduct is good .
 This is THE WORST product of any type that I have ever used . It never hardens . It cracks , and wipes completely off when you are cleaning , even months after installing it . The people that make this product should be ashamed .
 NOWHERE on the tube does it say it is an alcoxy cure silicone.If an alcoxy base silicone sealer sits for longer than a few months -LRB- I do n't care what the date says ! -RRB- , it does n't change its viscosity , but also it will NEVER CURE . Not only that , it leaves an unbelievable mess behind that needs to be thoroughly cleaned -LRB- and I mean THOROUGHLY cleaned -RRB- surface for anything else to work properly . That 's the hard part.There is a ` fresh date ' on the side , they say a year . Do n't believe it . I had a well-within ` fresh date ' -LRB- 6 months to go ! -RRB- tube and used it to plug some holes in a flowerpot -LRB- yes it SHOULD work , and this is the stuff to do it -RRB- , but it just sat there all goopy . I just threw out the pot . And spent an hour washing the stuff off my hands after touching it . Yikes ! That 's when I went off and did my research.Look for an ` acetoxy ' cure silicone type product if it is going to sit around for a while between uses , because you know when it is beyond its fresh date . It turns as hard as cement in the tube . Better that than the stuff that masquerades as OK , but will turn your life into a gluey mess!Sorry GE , perhaps you ` bring good things to lite/life ' or however that saying goes , for some of your products , but not this stuff , at least not for us homeowner types.So I am sure the stuff is wonderful -LRB- and it has been in the past , for me -RRB- , if you get it fresh . 5 stars in fact . However , if it is n't fresh . . -20 stars . I mean that too . But you still only get 2 stars . Please note that I am the ONLY reviewer that gave you more than 1 star . CHANGE YOUR PACKAGING !!!! PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW !!!
 Bought this product at Home Depot and used it in my bathroom . It never hardened ! I did n't think to check the date when I bought it , looked at the expiration date and it 's 03/08 ! Ca n't believe Home Depot would sell caulk that 's 4 years out of date AND judging from what I 've seen online it 's a KNOWN defective product .
 I just spent this morning removing and troweling out the sealant I applied 3 days ago to an interior area . The sealant never cured ! I touched it long after it should have hardened and it was still wet . Now , having removed the GE Sealant and washing it down , I need to go back to the hardware store and -LRB- gladly -RRB- buy a competing brand to apply . Not exactly what I needed during the Thanksgiving weekend holiday as I 'll be climbing up and down the ladder since the product was used on interior windows in a bank of 3 floor to ceiling -LRB- 14 ft highh -RRB- windows . Thankfully the windows are behind my sofa and no one walked back there during the holiday dinner . I just had not expected a product from GE to be so bad . Back to the Dap brand I go . For some reason I switched only this time . What a mistake !
 I spent a lot of money and time to install a new stainless kitchen sink , faucet and strainer , used this caulk for the seal and it never cured ... not even after 2 weeks.I 'll never use this product again . what a mess this was to clean up and replace.I used Corning clear with no problem
 It appears that Home Depot has been aware of the problems with the GE silicone for at least 4 years . They are still selling expired cartridges . I spent hours and hours to prepare the job and now I have to spend extra time to wipe the mess up . I am not only mad about GE but also about Home Depot to sell me this stuff .
 While looking for how long the caulk must cure , I read many reviews of how the older caulk -LRB- nearing expiration date -RRB- does not set up , and sure enough , the caulk I was using expired in 2010 and did not set up . It was as sticky after hours as it was when I put it in . Let 's see , in 5 years GE stock went from $ 41 and is now at $ 18 . Perhaps lack of focus on quality explains part of the stock decline?Fortunately for me , the job I had was very small and should be ` easy ' to replace with a competitor 's product . So , to be constructive , if there are quality issues with old caulk , GE should print in large letters and BOLD an expiration date and warning . The expiration date was nearly invisible on the tube I had purchased and I was unaware it was so old.If you use the product make sure you are using a fresh batch . But , why take the risk , use a fresh batch from DAP or someone else . Given the number of negative reviews of this particular product , I wonder if GE is even paying attention to the postings in Amazon ?
 What everyone says on here is true . This stuff never cures , and I am livid . Maybe the cure temperature is -100 degC , who knows . Home Depot managers who made the decision to still sell this stuff are complete idiots . GE , put silicon sealant on your R&D list ... this product reflects your image .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Because the item description says `` 16 roll per case '' I thought I was buying a case . It was only one roll . Very disappointed . Amazon refunded the purchase . I think the description needs to be changed .
 Would not recommend any MOEN product . Craftmanship was horrible . Cheaply made . Parts were missing and wrong parts included in the box .
 This faucet is exactly what i wanted , but it did n't come with the complete kit so that it could be installed . What you see above the counter top is what you get with this set . I had to go to my local home improvement store and buy a moen faucet that was a different finish , just to get the necessary pieces to complete the installation .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Caulk strip did not stick . Great idea , bad product . I guess you should just go back to a caulking gun , rag and a cup of water .
 I used spade to remove old caulking from the seam , vacuumed the area and wiped it clean with rubbing alcohol . After installing the Magic American Tub Caulkstrip , I waited 12 hours , per the instruction , before using the tub . The caulkstrip would came off within a few weeks .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 First item was defective . Amazon replaced immediately . Second Maasdam 600S arrived within a few days . Problem with this cable puller is it only pulls in cable one click at at time . Spoke with manufacturer to ask about this issue , the response is that this model only ratchets 1 '' at a time . Even though you swing the handle at full rotation , the drum only catches one knotch link . Bear in mind that pulling in line will take many wasteful and time consuming swings , let alone you will be exhausted by just pulling in a few feet of line.Did I mention how heavy this brute is . Returned item immediately and found a much better replacement for a similar price . A huge was of time , Amazon was the only 5 star in this rating as they handled the purchase efficiently and were very understanding . Will only buy online from Amazon .
 The distributor for this product tried a bait and switch tactic . They advertised a `` pack of 6 '' at 81 % discount . I figured it was near the end of shelf life and purchased it anyway . They sent only one kit ! When I complained , they only offered to accept a return . But I refused to spend more time on them .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I was so excited to get this tape . I have been looking for a long time for a tape that would stick , not let the paint bleed through , and that would come off clean . Well , that did n't happen . The tape does stick good . As a matter of fact , it sticks so good that it took the finish off of my wood trim when I removed the tape , and it had only been on one day . The paint also bled through in spots . I made sure that I ran my fingers over the edge I needed sealed , it was firmly stuck in place before I painted . I will not be using the rest of this roll , I am very disappointed in it 's performance . The tape caused more work instead of helping with my paint project .
 I was not impressed by this tape . I would compare it to generic home store brand tape . In comparison , I prefer the original 3M Scotch brand . Performance-wise , I would give it 3 stars , however considering it is more expensive than the Scotch brand which I think performs better , I knock it down to 2 stars . For general-purpose work , I prefer Scotch , which I would give 4 stars , and if I 'm really worried about performance and a tight seal/bleeding , I would use Frog tape which I think is also cheaper -LRB- depending on where you buy it -RRB- .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I ordered this on the 9th of Feb. and now it is the 3rd of Mar. and i have not recieved the package ! I would not order from this company again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Do n't waste your money or your time . These tanks are made to be impervious to literally everything . If you can easily remove it , get it welded or replace it . My experience was horrible . The first packet set up to fast and thus did not adhere . I then had to sand and scrape everything off . I decided to let the RV repair shop apply the next 2 and after thinking that it held was embarrassed and disgusted when it opened up again at the KOA in Las Vegas -LRB- this is considered a hazardous material spill -RRB- . My tank is not available anymore so I would have had to either custom make one or retrofit a new one . So after spending a lot of time talking to plastic experts I think I may have found the solution ; a 3M product called DP-8005 for bonding low surface energy plastic . It requires a special gun to apply so while the cost of the adhesive -LRB- around $ 20 -RRB- is reasonable the cost of the gun is not -LRB- around $ 50 -RRB- . I was able to get some holding tank material from a junk yard and place it over the crack . It has been 3 months now and about 2000 miles of bumping down the Southern California freeways and so far so good.Good luck .
 Not what it said it was very thin 15in strip not worth the money which i could get my money back and shipping back DO N'T Buy this at all
 I bought these gloves because I have found DeWalt tools reliable and durable -LRB- I own 15 DeWalt tools in all -RRB- . After three days of moderate use , the seams began to come apart , and after a week the gloves were useless . I sent the gloves to DeWalt and they just told me that they do n't make them , and put me in touch with the manufacturer . Save your money , and buy own brand gloves from Home Depot or Lowes . They cost less and last longer .
 The Dewalt gloves have a nice feeling leather along with the spandex backing makes this a very comfortable glove . The palms are durable and did n't show signs of tearing even after lifting bricks , branches , and bamboo.However , I bought these just 5 months ago -LRB- used them every weekend -RRB- , and now the tip of the middle finger on my left glove has a big ole tear in it . Granted , I 'm not sure if these gloves were designed for gardening , where the gloves get wet and are in the dirt a lot.I was disappointed that they tore , so I 'm going to try the synthetic leather ones instead . They got a better review rating and they 're cheaper .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Despite being careful , this bit broke the first time out , drilling a ` just-set ' bit of JB-Weld . I would look elsewhere for a # 60 .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 These gloves are very nice , but are only 13.25 '' long . I was counting on using all 18 '' that they promised . If I got burned 17 '' up from my finger tip , would Amazon cover the hospital bill ? But I digress
 I thought these would be good for bread baking -LRB- we use an iron skillet with lid in oven at 500 degrees -RRB- . As soon as I grabbed the skillet with these gloves , the heat went straight through to my hands in seconds , and the glove 's material smoked and charred.Anything over 450 degrees is too much for these things.These may be good for welding , but not for cooking .
 This US Forqe 400 Welding Gloves is not a true one size fit all . It is extremely small . It is very tight that you wo n't be able to move your fingers -- a safety hazard . It will fit user 's hands who wears a size from extra small to small gloves . Those who wears a work gloves or mechanic gloves size medium and larger will want to try out a pair of welding gloves at a local store or vendor before purchasing .
 These are not one size fits all . The tag on the inside says SIZE
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Worked good for a couple of uses but then the switch broke apart and that was the end of that .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 The gauge of this needle is way too large to apply weld-on 3 with precision . Even without pressing the applicator bottle , gravity will cause the solvent to pour out of the needle making it very difficult to apply with precision .
 I bought this to apply weld-on 3 , and I could not get a good enough seal tightening down the cap , so the adhesive just leaked out through the cap when I was trying to apply the weld-on through the needle . I had to get a real syringe to do the job , which worked perfectly .
 I have never used weld-on before and probably never will again . The needle took a quite a bit of pressure to finally get some of the weld-on 16 out . Next to nothing comes out and after a few uses the applicator no longer works . The needle eye is too small to clean ...
 There were no specs listed and the picture showed a 30psi gauge . I thought I was buying a 30psi gauge and received a 15psi gauge . The 15psi gauge looked to be decent quality but it does n't meet my expectations of a 30psi gauge . A quick web search after opening the box showed the model number does correspond with a 15psi gauge.The pic appears to be of model G64-030Jones Stephens Corp. . G64-030 Gas Test Gauge Assembly
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 Foam sleeve would not fit over filter . Several attempts were made . Sleeve tore and was thrown away . A big-don ' t buy .
 These suction cups appear much larger in the product description . They are too small to be of much use to me . The company that sold them through Amazon did refund me for them except for the shipping and I did not even have to return them . Even though I did not like the product , the company treated me right .
 Per another reviewer , these items have a sticky film on it , which is quite gross . I do not want to put on my window , until I try to remove the sticky stuff . I think the reason is because the product is so old . It has Dayton Hudson on the label and says 1999 on it . I believe the name Dayton Hudson stopped being used in 2000 , and went just to Target . Old product , spend your money elsewhere .
 First of all , these things are TINY . But that 's not even the problem . They are covered with this nasty grime that leaves a coating on your fingers and on the window/surface . And to top it all off , they do n't even stick to the window . They fall of the second you remove your fingers . I think the grime is intended to be the adhesive aspect of this product , but it does n't really work .
 I bought this to make space in my kitchen in about May 2012 . It 's August now and it failed . Dramatically of course . Crashing dishes -LRB- none broke -RRB- but it just fell apart . Could easily have broken dishes . Plastic failed . It 's made with slots for at least 16 dishes . I had 8 full size dinner plates and four small salad plates at ends . Do n't trust it if you want unbroken dishes . Ridiculous . Do not buy this is my recommendation .
 I hung several items with these command hooks . A kitchen clock , wall plaques and VERY light sheers to cover the window in a door . Three of my items fell down . This product was not strong enough to hold even my lightweight sheers . Very disappointing . I will not buy these again . I am particularly unhappy that it tore the wallpaper when one plaque fell down and it had been hanging up for a little while .
 I did not have success with 2 or 3 of these style products . Marketing pitch was great , but my pictures , posters and lightweight metal decor fell off the wall .
 3M Command adhesive strips are great , and the idea of using them to hang hooks is also strong.But their line of hooks would be so much better if they 'd just think a little . Take these hooks for instance . Why on earth would you need a ` loose ' hinged hook that pivots and lifts up , when you try to lift the thing off that 's hanging from it ? Try to lift your your oven mitt off one of these hooks with one hand -LRB- while the other is busy - as is typical in a kitchen -RRB- and the hook unhelpfuly lifts also , clutching the loop that your mitt hangs from even tighter ; not letting the thing loose.Frustrating & nonsensical . What hanging item could possibly benefit from this design ?
 Yes , I did the prep correctly -LRB- rubbing alcohol and everything ! -RRB- Yes , I waited the correct amount of time . No , I did n't overweight the hooks OR strips.I have now had 3 sets of the hooks and 1 set of the strips completely fail on me , to the tune of 3 drywall patches , a very banged-up print mounted on foamcore , a couple of dinged frames , one completely destroyed frame , and a huge chunk of 100 + year wooden baseboard . It 's happened on drywall and plaster , on interior and exterior walls , in winter and now in summer . I 'm so frustrated I could spit.THESE STUPID STRIPS ARE NOTHING BUT A RECIPE FOR MISERY . Some fail overnight . Some wait weeks or months to fail . It 's not worth it . It 's far easier to spackel and fix a nailhole than it is 1-2 3/4 -1 '' drywall paper chunks out of my walls.I 'm so ticked off . I used a couple of these with some success and then ordered a ton of them from Amazon . Now they are all failing left and right . -- Now I read other reviews that say that these do n't work well with Behr paint . I do n't know if it 's Behr or if it 's the Primer-and-Paint-in-One thing , but looking back the only time these have worked -LRB- the first two I bought -RRB- were on walls painted with regular paint . All of the other failures have been on the paint-and-primer walls.If this is really the case , I 'm even more frustrated than I was before .
 We had a beautiful wall clock that fell off the wall and crashed at 2:30 am . The clock is totaled , but what is worse is it could have fallen and smashed us in the head while we were sleeping . We used the heavy duty hook and the clock itself is very lightweight . It was up on the wall for a couple of months , and then CRASH ... Ruined.I posted a YouTube video to show the damage.Video Link
 Cleaned surface exactly as descibed , but hooks do n't stay on very good , or atleast not on a smooth surface such as a semi-gloss wall . Tried to hang some small stainless steel pots and lids , but they only held for a few days before falling off . You can easily pull them off by hand . Do n't use these to hang anything of value such as pictures or you will be sorry . Seemed like such a great idea , but I expected a much better product for the price . I will never buy again .
 My husband tried to warn me about these but based on the positive reviews and marketing , I believed that these would work out well ... however , they left a huge gaping hole in my wall after I followed the the instructions very carefully . I did n't even get a chance to hang my empty stockings before the hook came tumbling down , taking a 4 inch hole with it . Our home is new , the paint was professionally done , I was very disappointed and will now have to pay a professional for repair . Do n't take the chance , you will be severely disappointed .
 I followed all the instructions , took note of the weight limits for hanging , I put up the hooks and waited 24 hours before I hung anything . The following night everyone had fallen off the wall taking the pictures with them . They pulled large pieces of paint off and damaged the items that I had hung . Awful product !
 We had a beautiful wall clock that fell off the wall and crashed at 2:30 am . The clock is totaled , but what is worse is it could have fallen and smashed us in the head while we were sleeping . We used the heavy duty hook and the clock itself is very lightweight . It was up on the wall for a couple of months , and then CRASH ... Ruined.I posted a video on YouTube to show the damage.Video Link
 This is a very old design that with its single tooth is not a well balanced hole cutter and I have used these with a hand drill only when there was no other choice . The hole cutters with 3 or more teeth have much better balance and cut more evenly and there is not all the jerking when a tooth catches . With only one high speed steel tooth the hole cutter dulls quickly if use on anything other than soft woods .
 I tried this hole cutter on one hole and the drill grabbed so much and tried to spin me in the other direction that as soon as the hole was done I tossed the hole cutter into the trash . Get one of the deep slot hole cutters like the Big Hawg or the Blue Boar TCT with 3 or more teeth and the cutting action is a lot smoother and safer and you do n't need as much drill power . This hole cutter might be OK on a pilar drill but not anything hand held .
 I had read a lot of negative comments about the Lenox One Tooth hole cutters but had to give one a try . The 2-1/4 '' size is about as large a diameter as my 18v Milwaukee drill can handle with a bi-metal hole saw . The Lenox One Tooth was twice as fast as a bi-metal but with only one large high speed steel tooth it grabs and releases , grabs and releases , until the hole is cut . Tough to control with a lightweight hand held drill . Makes a rough hole and does not cut very well in engineered wood like MDF or oriented strand board or even plywood . The Big Hawg and Blue Boar TCT hole cutters are a big step up in performance and a lot less difficult to control . I have cut holes with a 4-5/8 '' Big Hawg and a 6-1/4 '' Blue Boar TCT hole cutter and in both circumstances it was a lot easier on me an on the drill than the One Tooth . Odd that Lenox has not produced their own 3 tooth upgrade on this old design .
 must of hit a nailsoon , they dulled immediatly , and once dull they did not move to fast . the standard teeth type might be better . but the self feeds are still better.just my experience . for all that money it sure let me down . maybe there is something they excell at ?
 Caution !!! if you own the Porter Cable profile sander stock up on the sanding sheets - this model has been discontinued and parts/accessories are no longer available from P/C
 I absolutely love the PC Paint Remover , but the backing pad leaves much to be desired . It is poor design when the rubber portion of the part breaks , and the only way to replace it is to buy a whole new aluminum casting with rubber pad attached . I would encourage PC to offer a replaceable rubber donut with some adhesive to stick the pad back on . My plan is to find some good rubber material and glue it to the backing plate , so I do n't have to get out so much $ $ to get up and running .
 I agree with other reviews rubber pad wares too quickly , cost to replace is too much when all that is needed is the pad !!
 I OWN A RULE CHAINSAW WINCH AND THEY ARE ALMOST USELESS . NO PULLING POWER EVEN WITH SNATCH BLOCKS . EVEN SEND IT BACK TO FACTORY AND THEY SAID ALL WAS FINE . JUST A TERRIBLE UNIT , USED A HOMELITE ONE YEARS AGO AND IT WAS EXCELLENT . IN MY OPNION THE RULE IS STRAIGHT JUNK .
 I received round rod instead of Square , but it was labeled as square . I wo n't be ordering from Small Parts again since my order after this bar ended up in me receiving an empty envelope .
 I ordered the TPI Model # CE-12-DS exhaust fan from Northern Tool through Amazon . The fan was rated by both Amazon and Northern Tool as a three-speed fan with flow rates of 1600/2200/2750 CFM . I needed to do extensive renovations before using the fan and so I did not get to install the fan for about a year after I ordered it from Amazon . The fan was easy to install and worked when I plugged it in . However , the flow rates seemed lower than I expected . I checked the original specification in my conformation email from Amazon to confirm that I did order the right fan . I then surfed the web including the Amazon web site to see if there was any information on the flow rates for this fan . Amazon no longer gives the flow rates for the fan , but when I went to the Northern Tool web site , the fan is now advertised with flow rates of 560/710/825 CFM or less than 1/3rd of what was originally advertised . I contacted Northern Tool in an email , and they wrote to contact TPI . However , when I called TPI , they said that they had always listed the fan with the correct flow rates . Northern Tool now lists the correct flow rates on their web page , but what appears to be the same 12 '' fan is still listed with the flow rates of 1600/2200/2750 CFM in the 2011 master catalog that I have . I contacted Norther Tool again by email to complain , but they responded that they would not do anything because the fan was out of warranty -LRB- by about two weeks -RRB- . The fan is a good product if the flow rates listed by the original manufacturer are adequate , but it is woefully inadequate if the customer actually needs the originally advertised 2750 CFM as I did .
 wrong type for my windows . is for newer model window . BB has a bad habit of making changes in the middle of production .
 dont let the picture fool you , of course thats really all you have to go by because the descrition sucksjacks are poorly packaged nothing done to protect from shipping damageend caps are to thin and should be welded onNo locking pins are includedAmazon should require all sellers to have a detailed description of all products sold on their web sitethanks
 I do n't know what the lead of this nut is so I ca n't match it with a screw . I would like to purchase a Kerk screw and matching anti-backlash nut , but I ca n't from this listing .
 Cheap but does perform basic function . Holes in the base to mount for better stability would be nice . No frills on this jack .
 HOWEVER , IF YOU USE PRECRIPTION GLASSES , BETTER LOOK AROUND FOR CLIP ON LENS AS THESE DO NOT SAY PUT , AND MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO SEE PROGRAM
 This spool of rope was dirty -LRB- dirt in the rope itself -RRB- , and there were many poorly done splices throughout the reel . I use it for rewrapping cat scratching posts , and it does an admirable job in this application . However , if you want to use this rope to actually tie down a load or hoist something , you 're looking for trouble unless you verify the section of rope you 're using does n't have any splices in it . The splices were so poorly done I could pull them apart with just the strength of my arms .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 This is my third replacement . The unit does not accurately reflect the indoor temp . Air ran all night . Temp in apt was 60 but the thermostat read 84 . No help at all from Honeywell . Told me to call Paul Arntzen in customer service . After ten calls all of which went to voice mail I never heard back.Bought a different brand and it works great.Avoid this product .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 product wokred until I had to move my 4 wheeler then the bearings started falling out . I do not know what BAC industries used but they are not good at all . I had to go buy all new wheel coasters with upgraded bearings . works now that I spent an extra $ 128.00
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 Gloves were n't black & yellow . They came some funky grey color and smelled just as funky . They are rugged though .
 Hey , these gloves are pretty weak . If you need a pair to use for one or maybe at most two days , then fine , get these . If you need a decent pair of work gloves , do n't buy these . The material is just too thin . I wore through a finger in about 6 hours of use .
 Gloves were as described but were no better than a pair of work gloves that I could buy for half as much . I will blame it on myself for not shopping around first as I usually do but got taken on the price . I found these gloves much cheaper even with shipping than from here . I was going to return the order until I found out that I would have to pay for return shipping which would have then eaten into the savings of returning the gloves . These guys got me this time but it will not happen again . Gloves were as described but beware of the price .
 PURCHASED SEVERAL DEWALT ITEMS ... THOUGHT THEY WERE QUALITY ... I WAS WRONG !!!!!!!!!!! CHEAP $ 5 3 PACKS OF GLOVES LASTED LONGER . WITHIN 8 HOURS HAD HOLES THROUGH 1ST LAYER PREMIUM COWHIDE , SOON HOLES WERE CLEAN THROUGH AND I PUT ON CHEAP GLOVES THAT LASTED LONGER . GO TO MENARDS BUY PACKS OF 3 INSTEAD . I ENJOY MY DEWALT TOOLS AND I PUT THEM TO THE TEST OFFEN . RUN AWAY FROM THERE NON-TOOL ITEMS , I WILL FOR NOW ON !
 These are the same $ 1.89 gloves at Walmart except they have Dewalt name on them ! I know because I own the $ 1.89 gloves as well ! You make the choice.My family of 10 is the testing grounds and we give the real world exam !
 I got 1 pair they lasted a month before the first rip was in them so I got another pair after 2 days they ripped doing the exact same work both times .
 After the 2nd time I used the glove , the inside lining ripped loose and seeing that it could not be fixed I just ripped the rest of it out of the glove . Overall the exterior of the glove is fine but , the inside needs more quality .
 I used the gloves once for some normal gardening - cutting azaleas , hauling branches , etc. . They are total crap . Two of the finger seams on both gloves ripped where the leather and cloth meet . Useless . The funny joke is they have `` Guaranteed Tough '' printed on them ...
 the gloves are poor in quality . I used 1 pair for 2 weeks and now they are trashed . not heavy construction just around the yard . the palm wore out as well as 2 fingers . what should you expect for $ 7.00 dollars . if the gloves are made out of cowhide then it must have been a thin cow .
 I got these gloves because of the good price . I used them one time to clean the gutters out and they fell apart . Not great .
 These gloves worked well however around the cuff it is tearing and falling apart . I do a lot of work with gloves from planting new trees to wood projects to mowing the yard . I had some basic leather gloves from Home Depot for many years and they held up great until one of the fingers started to get a hole . I bought this pair of gloves as a replacement and they did n't even last 6 months . They were comfy , but not durable enough . As a DeWalt product I was very surprised to see the low quality . All my powertools are DeWalt and I love them , but these gloves were no good .
 I have had great experiences with Dewalt tools so I figured spending $ 7 on a pair of their gloves was a wise purchase . Wrong ! These gloves are garbage . After a couple wears the fabric and leather came apart and my pinky fingers are sticking out . Duct tape will fix that , but come on ! I agree that the cheap $ 2 gloves at your local store are a better buy .
 Poor advertisement.Need to explain properly when you advertised it.This was not the picture was on the web when I order it.It was a Fluke Telephone test set
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 I could 've went to the 99c store ant got a bigger trash can than this for a quarter of the money I paid for this thing . It 's a regular , black , SMALL trash can . Like the ones they have in some offices ... but smaller . Do n't waste your money , please .
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 These gloves are good quality , but no different than the ones you find at any discount department store for a fraction of the cost . The only difference is that the discount store gloves do not have the Mud logo on them , the material , build method and quality are virtually identical.So if I could , I 'd rate these a 4/5 for quality and a 1/5 for value .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 Does not fit properly and continues to leak . Looks like I 'm headed out to Lowes after all ! Caveat
 My contractor used Power Grab Tub Surround to install my new 5 piece Tub surround yesterday . Its holding on the two ends of the tub OK but the middle panels did not grab and hold as advertised - 24 hours later they are still sliding . He said there was moisture in the wall behind the tiles but I think a product advertising immediate grab and hold should do better than this . He came today and put in wooden braces to hold the wall against the tile and we HOPE this will work over the course of a few days . Its a water based product - maybe we should have used something stronger . He did wipe down the walls before installation to remove any traces of soap and the tiles were bone dry when installed . It may in fact be that the wall behind the tiles was damp but still not satisfatory - its supposed to grab and hold immediately .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 The title of this item is `` 6 packs '' . My mistake for assuming that was six multiple packs , and not reading the fine print and asking for an actual count -- the package came , with the price advertised plus the inflated shipping making the price $ 6 , and inside were six -LRB- 6 -RRB- individual studs ! That 's $ 1 each for an item that should be at most $ 0.50 each.You can find these far cheaper elsewhere .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 the door ironing board rubber tip was missing on holder . It was not in a package or anything . You would think the person packing this order would have noticed it .
 I bought these as a second thought after buying the much cheaper `` Round White Plastic Self-Adhesive Utility Hook - 4Pk ... by InterDesign . Their hooks are BY FAR BETTER . I was shocked . I have used Stanley Tools for half a decade . I never ever ever imagined a cheapo brand of any item would be better . Man , was I wrong.Do yourself a BIG favor . Leave these on the shelf at Amazon . Buy the cheaper ones . The hook feels and seems stronger , the sticker is MUCH MUCH MUCH better than the wimpy sticker on the Stanley brand . I hung a simple wood handle kitchen broom on it and it fell after three days . I still have a Swifter Sweeper hanging off the cheapo hook not even a hint of it falling off , peeling away , or breaking the hook.I just trashed the remaining Stanley hooks , they look almost identical , but I did not want to make the mistake of keeping that Stanley junk .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I 've ordered many of these over the past few years and quality control is gone way down hill . They basically arrive disassembled with either missing hardware or broken bones . The spines are all twisted like it should be called bucky the cripple skeleton . You have to take the entire skeleton apart just to correct the warping . The screw on the top can barely stay on and will collapse thanks to the excessively warped spine . All the screws along the spine are loose , floating around in the box or lost in transit . You ca n't find screws like this in the home improvement centers . Last one I got his arms were on backwards ! The one before that had a bad drilling where the leg connects and too short a screw to attach the thumb screw . It 's no good his leg wont stay on . Next time I think I 'll order a Mr. Skeleton and see if they 're any better .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I bought these gloves for my job seeing that they are for Fire and rescue , well These gloves are not NFPA appoved , not BBP resistant , and are not for fire fighting . I purchased an expensive gardening glove !! Save your money people ! This product needs a better description . Had I not read the tag when I opened the box this could have a dangerous outcome ! Thank you seller !
 I guess you get what you pay for . Used these only a few times on actual vehicle extrication and all the threads are coming out ... bad quality . Stay away .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I bought these gloves for my job seeing that they are for Fire and rescue , well These gloves are not NFPA appoved , not BBP resistant , and are not for fire fighting . I purchased an expensive gardening glove !! Save your money people ! This product needs a better description . Had I not read the tag when I opened the box this could have a dangerous outcome ! Thank you seller !
 I guess you get what you pay for . Used these only a few times on actual vehicle extrication and all the threads are coming out ... bad quality . Stay away .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 They are 1/8th inch peg board holders not 1/4 . There were some plastic `` anchors '' as others have described but no directions on how to use them . It 's probably best to buy a 1/8 inch pegboard or find some real 1/4 inch hangers . I am sending mine back .
 some of the peg hooks should be a little longer on the back -LRB- the part that goes into the peg board -RRB- because they fall out
 The hooks are not strong enough and fit very poorly on the metal pegboard . Home Depot has better ones with similar price tag .
 You get what you pay for . I could n't use these at all . I purchased metal pegboard , and these hooks looked like they were mad from wire cloths hangers . I would n't wast my money on these unless you you are hanging very light items .
 Why is it so hard finding some good quality pegboard hooks?I bought these for my bicycling gear - helmets , gloves and some tools . nothing major.Every 2-3 times i grab a something they come flying off the pegboard.This is even after securing them with the cheesy black plastic lock-downs .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I bought these gloves for my job seeing that they are for Fire and rescue , well These gloves are not NFPA appoved , not BBP resistant , and are not for fire fighting . I purchased an expensive gardening glove !! Save your money people ! This product needs a better description . Had I not read the tag when I opened the box this could have a dangerous outcome ! Thank you seller !
 I guess you get what you pay for . Used these only a few times on actual vehicle extrication and all the threads are coming out ... bad quality . Stay away .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 This was a waste of money ! It is horrible ! It is nothing like the picture or the ones in the hospital . Instead , it is made of a cheap plastic and bends and curls . Do not waste your money , too .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Will never order again . Used for the first time today on 1/8 '' thick steel , ate right thru the bit . Very crappy material to be called tungsten carbide bur bit . Horrible !!!!!!!!!! Would give ZERO stars if amazon wouod allow
 It 's really hard to tell for sure from the description , but this item truly is a little bag with only 27 dowels in it . After shipping , that comes to a little over $ 0.50 per dowel . Insanity . Wish I would have stuck to my better instincts and looked elsewhere .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 This caulk strip by Red Devil looks like a great alternative to caulking up the space where the bathtub meets the tile in your bathroom -- that is , until you use it and test it out . Wow , how I 'm sorry I used this!Although it 's not too hard to apply and it initially looks very good in less time that it would take to apply regular caulk , this caulk strip has an absolutely wonderful ability to slowly peel away -LRB- on the reverse -RRB- from the space it 's supposed to seal . It 's practically a guarantee that you 'll have a leak below your bathtub , behind tile or water anywhere else you did n't want water to go.I do n't care how many times Red Devil claims that this has no `` messy cleanup ; '' it 's just not true . Oh sure , there 's no messy cleanup the day you apply this caulk strip -- but just wait until it starts to peel away on the reverse -LRB- where you might not be able to notice it peeling right away -RRB- and let water through -- THEN you 'll have a REALLY messy cleanup!Stay away .
 I used this product on a bathtub . First of all , it was difficult to install because it is very sticky . Secondly , it wore off after a month of usage and started to allow water behind the tub after bubbling up in some spots and easily peeled off . I would not use this if you paid me .
 The caulk around my tub was starting to turn ugly after several years . I went to the hardware store to buy some caulk to re-seal it . I saw this stuff and thought , `` Looks easy enough , why not ? '' I followed the instructions exactly , and it looked great when I finished . However , in retrospect , it would have been faster to just use caulk with a caulking gun . After a month , the strips started to flatten out , no longer adhering to the corner . I would squish it back in every now and then , but it would pop back out after a few days . After 6 months , it was showing large gaps between the strip and the tub and tile . After a year I was grossed out by the brown and black nastiness creeping out from under the strip , and I finally removed it . It removed easily , then I used a razor blade to remove what was left of the tacky material . I then followed up with `` Goof Off '' solvent to get any residual goo leftover from the strip . The next day , I picked up some caulk and ran it along the tub , which only took me 15 minutes , compared to the 45 minutes to apply the strips . I am confident the traditional caulk will last for years , unlike this caulk strip garbage.Bottom line
 I bought it thinking the idea looks great . It will make caluking easy for me.But , no , this is difficult to install in the first place and it will come off after a few days of use.Not worth at all . Will NOT recommend this . Wish I could give 0 star rating .
 Just bought a house with this -LRB- or virtually identical product -RRB- installed in one of the bathrooms . It looked great but shortly I discovered a serious water leak under the tub . The cause ? The caulk strip adhesive had failed along the top and was actually causing water to get over the tub lip and behind the tile during showers . After removing the caulk strip , this tub had no leak problems.It 's also very difficult to tell if the adhesive has failed from looking at it . You may have water going behind it and not even know.Overall , I 'd say you 're safer just sticking with regular caulk .
 Bought this item because I thought that it would look nice in our tub . It was not difficult to apply and I followed all of the directions . First I noticed that the tape was not very stickly . One would have assumed that something that is meant to keep water out would be very sticky . I applied the product properly and not too long after , maybe one month I noticed that it would separate from the tub wall . The strip that I had applied to the bottom of the tub on the floor also separated eventhough there was n't much water to hasten the seperation process . Then I noticed that there was BLACK MOLD as the strips had seperated from the wall and allowed and trapped water behind it . There were also EARWIGS that were trapped behind it which was gross but at least the strip did some good . I went back to simple white caulk and that is what I will continue to use . I would not recommend this for a substiution for regular caulk but I would recommend this for an effective Earwig trap .
 Applied it . Looked good at first , but about a month in it started to come away in the corners then flatten out and unseal along the top . After I took it off the tub , I was left with a black/brown mess which took more time to clean off than proper caulk would have taken to apply .
 Bought this item , followed directions to the letter and it popped off after first shower , terrible product . The worst part about it was having to remove the glue mess that it left behind after removal .
 Bought this to clean my barn aisles ... picks up about 10 % of what it goes over . Ca n't find any information on who to contact to see why it is n't working ...
 I had this plasma , it is really beautiful and relatively cheap IMO . The fact that it can work from AA batteries was also cool . Very nice product , only that it broke in a year , by broke I mean I could n't see any more beautiful light inside , it was very faint and only one thread could be seen instead of multiple ones . I did n't crack the glass or anything , it was just sitting there on a table and it would gradually become weaker and weaker . I disposed it at the end , this thing should work more than for a year . -LRB- I did n't use it every day for 24 hours , I probably used it for about 200 hours max -RRB-
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I thought this would be a great product and give a finished professional look . Well , it would have if the tape actually stuck on . I put the tape down and pressed it repeatedly in place and it still lifted . I followed all the directions including preping the site with an alcohol rub , but it just lifted up . I now have to redo with the old fashioned caulk .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 This is more a negative commentary on Amazon 's web page . It is partially my fault for not digging deeper , but the length of the dowels is not listed and the picture is very deceptive . By looking at the picture , assuming the dowel is a 1/2 inch diameter , one would expect the dowel to be at least 3 '' long . It turns out they are just under a 1 1/2 inches long.They do not look like the picture !! I could try to return them and Amazon is usually very good about that , but it is not worth my time . In this case `` brick and mortar '' would have won .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The switch worked fine but was not of very high quality . You do get what you pay for though . It 's not a bad switch but I would pay more next time for a more heavy duty switch .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I had purchased these scotch pads for the use of a priming application on my car that i am getting ready to paint . I was going to use these pads with sanding paste to prep the rest of the hood to blend in with the new paint on the primed spots . When you see the price , it is only a dollar some , but then you see the shipping and handling . I figured a box of 3 of these would cost generally around 4 dollars at a store . Therefore , when i saw that the price for shipping and handling combined with the actual product cost would be around 7-8 dollars , i figured oh i will be getting 3 pads , but the price is so low so that its not much higher than if bought at a store.That is not the case though . The quantity has to be chosen to how many pads you want , and the shipping and handling no matter how many pads you order , will be the same . It was just deceiving to me , both the picture and description.The pad also , did not even come in a box pictured above . It came rubber banded with a plastic something attached to the scrub pad , and then just hidden under some packaging paper and `` air bags '' for shipping.I am very unhappy for paying 8 dollars for 1 scotch pad . Truly , i would like to be sent a couple more , no charge.I am warning those who are looking to buy these . I apologize for not messaging the company , or investigating further to what really comes with the purchase , and how you need to specify the amount of scrub pads you want separately .
 As the previous reviewer stated -LRB- which I wish I had read beforehand -RRB- , the picture of this product is completely misleading ! I had assumed I was buying a complete case of these pads . I have never bought them before , and can not locate them in any stores near me , so I had no reference as to whether the price was comparable to a case or not . There is no product description stating that the price is for a single pad ! The picture shows a case -LRB- box -RRB- and 3 pads laying next to it -LRB- appearing to be product placement showing the specific color of the pad ... they are color coded for those that don ' know -RRB- . Because of these factors , I had made an educated guess that I was buying a case ... 6 actually , 2 of these , and 4 of a different grade . Imagine my surprise when I opened the small box UPS delivered to find only 6 pads in it!I am currently trying , with no luck , to contact MSC to get this rectified .
 recieved one of the two products from this company and worte to let them know I did not recieve this one . They said they 'd ship it out but I never recieved it . oh well
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Could n't wait to get these , but my daughter and I were very disappointed with them.They 're dusty and do n't have enough variety.Who wants to see camel hair , dog hair , cat hair , sheep hair , mouse hair , etc. , if there 's no real distinction between them?Also the insect slides consisted of bugs that were n't flattened properly , so what you get to see is a lump that 's supposed to be an ant , another lump that 's a fruitfly , and so on.How hard is it to lay the ant flat on the slide ? If it 's hard for Learning Resources , they should n't be in the business of making slides.I feel completely ripped off , and I feel bad that my kid does n't get to enjoy what could 've been an awesome educational experience .
 If you are looking for prepared slides to view under moderate magnification with a microscope , these slides are not for you . They are made by scotch-taping large specimens onto a glass slide . Since they are not thin enough to transmit light , they are more suitable for a dissecting microscope with top illumination . The Konus brand is much better quality .
 The inferior quality of the mounting and preparation of the slides made these almost useless with a microscope.These seemed like they were hastily prepared and never inspected . The educational value is questionable and likely to frustrate any student that uses them .
 I paid about $ 5 on sale for these slides , and I would say they are not worth any more . You get twelve slides , each with 4 different `` specimens '' , for a total of 48 different types of things to observe . The slides are clearly labeled , and it includes a good and interesting variety of things , and they are grouped in a logical way -LRB- for example , one slide has different types of pollen - some of the coolest microscopic objects -RRB- . Now if they had followed through , and prepared them correctly , these would have been great!As it is , the slides show no care in the preparation . When you put them under the microscope , you see gobs of adhesive , applied unevenly , and with lots of bubbles.The objects are not prepared or set carefully . For example , the onion cells , which are some of the easiest to prepare , are not dyed evenly -LRB- some areas with adequate ammount of dye , some areas with none -RRB- , and in some area the plant tissue folds onto itself - which makes observing the onion cells impossible.The slides are covered with paper labels - which are designed well , but the quality of the label itself is poor . Within the first use , the labels were coming off the slide.That being said , it did generate some interest with the kids . If it was well made I would have given the slides a great review . Too bad . I hope Learning Resources puts a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- more care preparing this product .
 Go with `` bigger kid '' prepared slides . You have to be there to help the little littles with the scope , anyway .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I 'm a frequent Amazon user , but I 've never felt compelled to leave a review until now . This is the first time I 've been really disappointed with a purchase , but these gloves are pretty terrible , even at this price : - One of them is noticeably larger than the other.-Stitching is awful -- the interior lining of one glove was never stitched into place , so looks like I 'm going to have to fix that myself on a pair of NEW gloves I just purchased.-The dark purple cuffs look like leather -- they 're not ! They 're made from cheap , thin fabric . These gloves were assembled using the minimum amount of leather possible , then described as leather work gloves.Spend a little extra and get something better , or spend $ 5 at the hardware store and get something that you do n't expect to last anyway . I 'm going to keep these crappy gloves since I need work gloves for a class fairly soon , but in different circumstances , I would consider returning them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I have been trying to find masking tape that does not remove paint from sheetrock . I use only Benjamin Moore paints , and 3M 's blue painter 's tape in both medium adhesion as well as low-medium adhesion remove paint from drywall . 3M lists a low adhesion tape on their website , however , it is impossible to find on the net as well as locally . I had hoped Loparex 's Easy Mask would solve the paint removal dilemma . It has not . The Easy Mask results mirror those of 3M 's blue painter 's tape . To be clear , not every inch of applied tape removes paint . However , enough paint is removed to render time spent painting nearly an excersize in futility .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 This product is white tape as advertised . The stickyness factor combined with its narrowness makes it hard to use . would not recommend .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Please do n't spend money for this product . I applied some MENDER on leather and pressed it down for 30minutes , but it still does n't work .
 This product DOES NOT RESTORE LEATHER it destroys it . It might be for large gaps as on leather car seats , but It does n't get rid of cracks
 I bought this primarily for fixing some leather items . The stuff poured like milk out of the bottle . I put it on the leather , and secured the pieces together . The glue that was on my fingers quickly tried and peeled off like a rubber balloon . I waited until the next morning , and the pieces of leather easily came apart . The glue was like a loose balloon , and in no way held . It is useless on leather . I tried it on some cloth pieces , and it soaked in and dried a little more securely . Maybe it will be OK for cloth , but forget it for leather .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I purchased this vise because it was advertised to work with the Black & Decker workmate . After tearing open the cardboard packaging I spent the better part of ten minutes trying to figure out how the darn thing was supposed to attach to the workmate . I looked at the packaging carefully and finally noticed the asterisk next to the section touting workmate compatibility which spelled out the fact that the attachment screw was * OPTIONAL * . How much could it possibly cost American Tool -LRB- aka Rubbermaid -RRB- to include this little nylon screw?Now I have a useless -LRB- to me -RRB- vice for which I must attempt to locate an optional part . The maunfacturer has no convenient way to order the part through their website and none of the retailers I 've found carry it . From reading the posts of others here I must assume it is possible to find this missing part , but what a hassle!If I ever have a chance to use this item on my workmate , I may revise my rating . For now , this tool earns one star ... for looks .
 Do n't buy this if you are thinking you are purchasing a `` portable vise '' . Although the product is called the QUICK-VISE Portable Vise , the packaging is very deceiving . I bought this product thinking I could `` use it anywhere '' like it says on the box . You certainly can use it anywhere so long as you are willing to use 4 screws to keep it in place.However , there is an accessory -LRB- that they conveniently put a picture of on the packaging -RRB- that makes the vise `` even more '' portable . But be sure to read the fine print , as the QUICK-VISE Portable Workbench Attachment , as it is called , is not included . I purchased the accessory , thinking that it would solve my problem -LRB- it did n't -RRB- . Unfortunately , the accessory only allows you more freedom of placement so long as you either
 I bought this with my workmate , on the box it came in shows two bases one standard and the other so you can attach it to your workmate . Looking at the box it seem to say it is n't standard , so I figured that the base it came with can be attached to the workmate was included , it is n't . Another problem is that I ca n't find anywhere to buy the other base so it can be attached to the workmate.John
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 In the product description for this tool it clearly states , `` Made in the USA '' . On the handle of the tool it clearly states , `` Made in Taiwan '' . When I ordered it I hoped it would be like the Maasdam Pow ' r Pull that I have owned for thirty plus years . Oh well - it looks to be well made but Amazon clearly and apparently deliberately misled me - I 'm disappointed .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 If i wanted Tesla 's earthquake device i would have specifically ordered it . This wheel was to supposed to sharpen knifes , not bring my very sturdy work bench to life or loosen bolts on my grinder . I advise all potential buyers to purchase any product but this one .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 If i wanted Tesla 's earthquake device i would have specifically ordered it . This wheel was to supposed to sharpen knifes , not bring my very sturdy work bench to life or loosen bolts on my grinder . I advise all potential buyers to purchase any product but this one .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I poured this down a clogged drain , and guess what it did ? Nothing . Now that would n't be so bad , except it 's not good to have concentrated sulfuric acid just sitting in your pipes . This stuff is so toxic I had to fill the sink full of water to dilute it -LRB- meanwhile it 's smoking all over the place and emitting toxic fumes -RRB- , then neutralize it with two full boxes of baking soda before it stopped bubbling , then spend an hour carrying pails and dumping the stuff into my back yard . All in all it took about two hours to undo the damage this thing caused , and my drain is just as bad as ever .
 Loctite makes fine products , but be wary of this item . The syringe dispenser is not airtight . That means that the volatile hardener dries out within several weeks , leaving the entire package useless . Buy this only if you plan to use the entire contents in a week or two . Otherwise , look for Loctite epoxy products that come in separate containers with screw-on tops .
 You know , it 's too bad you ca n't rate something a negative ; cause I 'd probably rate this a Negative 5 . I was trying to glue a plastic handle back on to a steel knife tang , that one side of the handle came off.I did as the instructions said
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The item description says this has 1/2 '' and 3/4 '' knockouts . It only has 1/2 '' . There are three 1/2 '' knockouts per side . I tried to return it , but refunds are not available on this item . If you need 1/2 '' and 3/4 '' go to Home Depot . They have it for less than two bucks each .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I bought a new switch to replace one used for the leveling gear on my 5th wheel . Since it was all apart , I wanted to replace the cap also . It did not fit the switch even though Amazon stated that the two were often purchased together . The package accidently got tossed so I did not send it back .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 An absolute waste of money . Poorly constructed and rollers are n't even on the same plane . Once it set at jointer or table saw height it is super unstable . It 's stable at 24 '' height , but what use it that in a woodshop ?
 Do not order this product from Amazon!It comes packed in a single layer flimsy cardboard box that arrives in pieces . Mine was missing bolts and nuts , had no instructions , and was bent , dented and scratched . This is a heavy item that should be shipped double boxed in heavy cardboard . It is hard to believe that Shop Fox ships them this way . One wonders if open box or returns that are missing an outer box are being shipped to customers as new goods.I had to find a new box to pack it in for return.In all fairness to Amazon , their no questions asked return and refund policy is the best around but that 's no reason to send out poorly packed goods.Oh , yes , about the roller table ; I could n't use the roller table because I could n't assemble it due to bent parts , but the stand looks ok to me . I suspect it would have worked for my purposes . I have a small shop and wanted a run out roller table for occasional use that would n't take up a lot of space . This one looked well enough made to do the job and probably would have received 4 or 5 stars from me -LRB- if I had used it that might have changed -RRB- . The reviewer that noted poor packaging should have been a red flag to me . The other reviewer who said this unit was poorly made should have been an absolute do n't buy even though I think it is ok .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 This product Was not Kastar brand And did not meet My expectations I am disappointed in it Although it was functional It is not the quality I expected And once again Was not the brand as stated
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Thse clamps say they are stainless steel , however only the band was stainless . The Worm gear is made of Iron-steel ! The metal looked funny , so I checked with a magnet . We get similar Ideal-Tridon clamps elsewhere -LRB- for less cost -RRB- , and they definately do not stick to a magnet . Over the years I have already been fooled by this . Kept in a moist or humid enviornment these will rust and eventually fail . Rusty clamps look bad , stain adjacent surfaces , are hard to remove , and may not hold properly . Basically do not know of any reason to recommend these clamps .
 I have been happily using a great Diamond nipper for a few years , but this Diamond rasp is not very good . It just does n't have enough bite and rasps like one of my well worn FD Dick rasps when it needs to be replaced . Even the file is disappointing . Did someone clean up an old rasp and resell it ? Do not recommend .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 These `` ancors '' break off in the wall when you attempt to screw them in . Their design/engineering is wretchedly bad.The problem with them is they are made `` pre-broken '' . The designers , in a misguided attempt at increasing their pull-out strength , incorporated a longitudinal crack running through the length of the `` ancor '' . When you torque them into drywall , the torsion causes the crack to open and then rupture the plastic before they are even halfway in.Note that other companies make virtually identical anchors without the longitudinal crack . These work perfectly and are what I recommend using . I guess if you ca n't spell `` anchor '' properly , then engineering a plastic anchor is far too challenging .
 This product claims to be self drilling . It would n't self drill , even with a lot of pressure . I drilled a pilot hole , and the anchor broke apart .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 It has everything I wanted in a low cost function generator . It 's just too bad that it does n't work as advertised . My first big issue with it is that it fails to deliver the maximum rated voltage of 10 V into a matched source . In fact it often barely makes it to 5 V -LRB- 10 V peak to peak -RRB- . The second big problem is that sometimes it fails to boot up properly . The LCD just goes dim and it goes into some unknown state . I wo n't bother sending this back . I 'm just going to throw it out . Can anyone recommend a low cost signal generator that 's reliable , delivers 20 V peak to peak ? It needs to be able to generate low frequencies reliably as well , down to 4 Hz .
 First one died after a year or so , bought another , it goes into an unknown state when first turned on and takes a while to get to stable operation . Probably why it has a reset button . The display is slow to update about once a second and makes it difficult to set the frequency quickly . I would not buy one of these units again.Ok , I debugged the two broken VC2002 's this weekend . It turns out the L7805CV voltage regulator was bad on both . Replaced the bad IC and now the units are working fine , so the power supply was probably designed by a intern on probation .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Worst tape i have ever used . have literaly bought tape for a quater that is better than this . DONT KNOW WHAT ELSE TO SAY EXCEPT U WOULD BE BETTER OFF THROWING MONEY DOWN A WISHING WELL
 I got this to mark off a section of the dance floor for A bouncer to stand , did n't stick so we were going to use it on the metal railing So people stop running into it , again it did n't stick . So last we were going to try to stick it to a wooden beam and AGAIN IT DID N'T STICK ! Useless .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I got this to mark off a section of the dance floor for A bouncer to stand , did n't stick so we were going to use it on the metal railing So people stop running into it , again it did n't stick . So last we were going to try to stick it to a wooden beam and AGAIN IT DID N'T STICK ! Useless .
 I got this to mark off a section of the dance floor for A bouncer to stand , did n't stick so we were going to use it on the metal railing So people stop running into it , again it did n't stick . So last we were going to try to stick it to a wooden beam and AGAIN IT DID N'T STICK ! Useless .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Sometimes it works , most times it does n't . I 've struggled to turn it on for 5 minutes at a go , given up , walked away , and come back 2 hours later to see it blazing away . Also , battery pack easily falls off of visor . A sad and disappointing experience .
 I bought this to go with my Optivisor since the Optivisor has no light source and you really need one . I bought mine specifically to remove splinters from my son 's hands . This visor light clips on and it 's little battery clips onto the side of the visor . But I found that if I bump the battery pack it will fall right off . And the little flashlight can sometimes be difficult to turn on . The end twists on and off for light . The light wavers too at times and is not all that bright . It should be an LED which would be a lot brighter . I find that I simply forego this dumb gimmiky flashlight and have someone hold the LED flashlight I have instead.So I would n't waste my money on this set up , it just does n't do the job if you really need to see something tiny in very bright light .
 Gives a very small spot of bright light . Really should be more of a flood . But Optivisors are simply the best tool ever .
 The basic idea behind this light is very good however the execution of the idea is awful . The bottom of the battery housing uses the flattest contacts you will ever see and the top of the battery housing uses the same spring design for both positive and negative resulting in no contact . I added tin foil strips and it now works .
 Cheap plastic , no obvious on/off switch . It seems you have to twisted the top to turn the light on and off . I twisted it off and and on a couple of times but then it would n't turn back on . The plastic got Very hot . Poorly designed , poorly made .
 Poorly designed piece - the choice of contact surface is far from ideal - bottom is almost entirely flat and the top contacts are both springed - so besides you no been able to distighuish positive from negative when inserting the batteries , it lacks good contact which results in FAIL when using it.As another buyer suggested , adding a piece of thin foils fixes it , but yet its a failure .
 The light is bright but the batteries got very hot . The light also goes off and will not come back on after a certain amount of time . I would not recommend this product .
 It 's interesting that this is the VisorLight by Donegan to be used on the Donegan OptiVisor , because it 's not as good as some of the third party alternatives which often cost less . The battery compartment constantly pops open and the batteries lose connection or fall out . The visor clip is loose and moves around . I 've had to tape the visor clip and battery case closed with tape . The lens needs to be twisted to turn the lamp on an off . If it 's to loose , the lens cap can fall off , and if it 's too tight the lamps may not be turned off and will drain the batteries . A switch would be a far better alternative . As far as the light source , it does provide good direct and bright lighting . Overall , the design is poor and does n't appear that there was much thought went into the creation of the product .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I tried to use this to wrap up a leak in my irrigation system and despite that fact that it was extremely sticky and water tight the first few days , it did n't last .
 I thought this would be a good product -LRB- good brand name , etc. -RRB- . It arrived in a huge box with lots of bubble wrap protection . However , the product must be defective or poorly designed . I filled it with dishwashing soap , stood it up on the counter and all was well until I returned 15 minutes later to see the soap all over the counter . I checked that it had been tightened properly -- yes . Placed it on the sink and it leaked again . From this experience I would not recommend it .
 I 'm giving this item a one star rating for one simple reason
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I bought these based on the good reviews . I do highly detailed work under a magnifying light for hours at a time . I thought these might work better but the quality is not such that I could wear them for more than 10 minutes . Made of hard plastic & did not conform well to my head . Also I found the magnifying area too small .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 When I received this , I got NOT ten rolls as the description says . It was only one roll for $ 7 . I figured it was a mistake , so instead of a refund I asked for a replacement . The replacement order was the same . A single roll of 89 cent tape for seven bucks . Went for the refund this time .
 At the time this item was ordered by me , the description indicated it was a closeout 10-pack for $ 1.99 . I ordered a quantity of 10 -LRB- my thinking
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 These gloves over all have a nice aesthetic about them but unfortunately they do n't fit very well.There seems to be a limit in sizes . I got these for use in the gym . But despite the size meant for my hsnd a medium/large , they honestly felt almost double my size resulting in them shifting and ultimately leaving my hands with a feeling of irritation.Nice looking glove durable enough , but need overall to fit better .
 product was shipped quickly and everything looked good untill I used the bits and found several were not true and couldnt be used . Some of the ones with a hole in center for security torx , the hole was n't in the center so I could n't use them either . I do n't bother a company fussing with them , I 'm the consumer that just do n't go back to them again . I would not have written a review normally , but Amazon bugged me thru my e-mail to write a review , bottom line is that I do not think very much of the product .
 I purchased two tubes of this Boat Life Lifeseal for Fiberglass and ordinarily it is a good product . I had used it before with good results but these two tubes were already partially cured ... in the tube . Needless to say ... I was not happy . The price was right but if the product is defective ... it 's not a good deal . It would cost more than the product is worth to send back so in the future I will purchase locally and squeeze the tubes before buying . The problem with buying inexpensive things on-line is the cost to ship in case a product return is needed.If the supplier reads my comments perhaps they should check their stock to ensure other tubes are not partially cured and if so ... return to the manufacturer .
 Ordered the product June 17th never arrived . Notified Life Industries on July1st and they responded that I complained about the problem before giving them a chance - now it is the night of the 5th and not one word from them
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 I could n`t understand how domestic files could be so inexpensive . It ` s because they are n`t domestic - they ` re Chinese . Hopefully the quality ispection is good , but I ` m not holding my breath . If they wear out post haste , I guess it ` s back to Grobet .
 I wanted to love these . I bought about six of them to fit to my most commonly used files . I was disappointed to see that about half of them have cracked right at the base of the red handle where the file is inserted . This happened over about a year 's time with very little actual use.The files are a friction fit by design , and amount of pressure between the file , the spacer and the taper -LRB- inside the red handle -RRB- appears to exceed the strength of the material/thickness/design of the handle . I 'm not a ` frequent ' filer so it was particularly interesting to see that these cracks developed over time just sitting in the tool chest . My observation may be substantiated by the fact that Nicholson now has a new file handle design . Among other differences it has more material at the base were the cracks developed.Nicholson -LRB- Cooper Tool -RRB- probably has some kind of warranty on these , but they 're not really worth enough to justify the hassle . I 've now replaced all of them with Pferd Soft Grip Handles . I wish I 'd chosen Pferd in the first place . They 're great .
 I ordered the item pictured and paid for this item , however I got a towel bar instead . I emailed the seller and he never replied . Not what I ordered , not what I wanted . Did not attempt to return since I did not receive any response from the seller .
 I bought this saw to prepare roughouts for my wood carving hobby . Although it does work well enough , there was a piece of sharp metal where the handle is attached to the frame.After slicing open my finger , I filed down the area which is what should have been done at the factory before packaging . If this is how Nicholson finishes its products , I would certainly not recommend purchasing anything with the Nicholson name on it .
 These are cheap cotton gloves with a logo on the back . You would be better off buying the cheapest pair of gardening gloves from home depot -LRB- even if they are pink with flowers -RRB-
 Thought these gloves were an awesome idea . After only wearing a few times , the gloves are already wearing out and getting holes in them . Wish they were made a little sturdier .
 I got this as a present for my father . I recieved it in a timely matter , but was completely dissatisfied by the product . The light now bright at all ... it offers no assistance to a mechanic . The battery cover kept falling off and the batteries wo n't stay in . I have bought many gloves in the past and I think my normal leather gloves would do more good than these . I would n't buy another pair .
 The idea of this tool is a good one . However , the quality of the steel used in this tool and its design are poor . Demand better from manufacturers . This is a ` china tool ' which has soft pot metal for its structure and little thought to its design . Save your money . It will work in sift soils and where no roots exist . But , Demand better tools from Amazon . It is 2008 not 1954 .
 I live in a cayon that 's 90 % clay . The first time I used it I almost broke my wrists . Now , it just slides around along the surface of the dirt , making little worm holes . Maybe if I weighed over 130 and had looser soil , it would work . Then I could do it alone without crying .
 The digger 's length is a big help for tired backs and even without flat edges it held pretty tight in my drill - 1/2 inch Milwaukee . The problem is how easily it bends . I know the length is a factor , but my soil is probably as soft as it gets outside of a pot or flower box . First time it hits anything , root , rock or whatever , it 'll bend . After that it 's pretty much useless . Instead of a 2 inch hole you get anything but and the loose dirt is always knocked back into the hole . In sum , you get what you pay for and this is OK as a disposable .
 This item has limited use - could be better with a tapered drill down to the tip -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It does n't have enough value to return .
 the product would possibly work better if I had a more powerful drill . The one thing lacking in the product is the drill end , it is smooth and round and really slips alot . It is very hard to keep drilling as it slips . A better drill may not work any better due to the round end . The product appears to be fairly strong metal . The actual drilling is slow and your soil or dirt has to be fairly soft and loose . I tried to drill into my tree so I couldget water to the roots or at least closer . No success so trying to drill and water , drill and water ... that may work . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000P71GLU Yard Butler RD-2 30-Inch Roto Digger -RSB-
 I just want to say that this product is not finished when it is sold.No one related to the production of this product has thought about grinding thetop of the drill/auger ; this small process not being done may save you money but it makes the drill useless to us who expect it to turn when being used , and not spinning in the drill chuck .
 I just received it . I have n't used it yet . But I can tell the thin metal thread wo n't go trough the clay terrain here in Houston , it may the first couple of holes . It looks was designed to dig soft soils . I am not sure if ship it back now , or give a chance and use it .
 To start the casing is to weak , It wo n't last long for what it holds . Plus the product was made in china . These drill bitz either bend or break asap .
 So , when I got this set I gave it a 4 star review based one what came , only knocking it for the cheap case . That was before I used them . The concrete bits did fine . The other bits did fine in wood and soft material . But when it came to a simple piece of 1/8 '' mild steel , these things were completely useless . FIVE bits almost instantly dulled trying to drill one simple hole . Started out with a smaller bit as a pilot , then was going to use the bigger bit to drill out the hole to the correct size . None of the smaller bits lasted more than a few seconds of drilling before they dulled . The coated bits and the black standard bits were all dulling the same . To be fair , and for a control sample , I grabbed an old bit that I probably got at tractor supply years ago to try to drill through this steel , thinking it might be the steel . Nope . The old cheap bit drilled right through . You truly get what you pay for with these bits . I had bought a kit for myself and my dad . While for $ 35 I 'm not totally angry with myself for the purchase because there are still valuable parts to the kit that I can use . But do n't buy this kit expecting it to do everything you need it to . It is what it is .
 First time I needed to use the set I had to drill holes in 1/8th &#34; steel . Broke 4 - 5/8th drill bits just drilling 3 holes . Plus I had to use the broken pieces to finish the job !!!!!!
 The item description stated `` Fits most destroyer style steering wheels '' , which I 'm sure is a true statement but it was just my luck that it does n't fit the destroyer wheel for Mako bay boats , which I have . Otherwise , all went well ; prompt shipping and good packaging .
 These ramps are poorly designed . Placed on an ordinary garage floor , they slide too much to get my 1/2 ton pickup safely on them . I tried several approaches , but they slid every time . The instructions tell you plainly not to block or stop them from sliding , because they could collapse if forced , and I have no doubt that is true . If you want to put some ramps in your garage as a decoration so it looks like you work on your own cars , these will do fine . Just do n't expect to use them .
 If you have a sedan even on stock height it wo n't climb.The lower bumper will touch the ramp.MAKE SURE SOMEONE IS WATCHING FROM FRONT OR YOU WILL BREAK THE LOWER BUMPERDo n't even attempt to climb the rear axle as you will break your muffler.The company says 6500LBS where as the ramp clearly says 2000LBS/RAMP , so this only makes it a 4000LBS Ramp .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 Item is a piece of junk . I ruined several projects as this item can not drill a straight up/down hole . It now sits under my work bench and I have ordered a heavy duty drill press which is what I should of done to begin with . Do n't waste your hard earned money .
 Most decent power drills have a 43mm shaft at the front to attach a handle for the left hand or to mount them in a drill stand -LRB- this is even true for Dremel-style rotary tools -- there the entire body is often 43mm wide -RRB- . Any decent drill stand has a 43mm mount , which allows the drill to be secured in a true right angle to the work piece . -LRB- An example would be the , admittedly pricey , Bosch BS450 drill stand . -RRB- Not so this contraption
 I wanted a small , powerful vac that would be used solely for cleaning my rabbit cage ... shavings and hay clean-up mostly ... . so I would n't wear out our house vacuum . This clogged minutes after I started using it . I am going to return it tomorrow , clog and all back to the store I bought it from . I will agree with a previous reviewer that the point where the hose connects to the canister is a significant defect as it makes it difficult for larger items to enter . However , if you are looking for a mini-vac for small jobs , like cleaning your car , I can see where this may come in handy .
 The suction on this little shop vac is not very strong , even when it 's running properly . Worse , the one big flaw in this vac is that it tips over easily if you happen to set it on the floor . Once it has tipped over , the suction ceases entirely , and the only thing that works to get it going again is to turn it off , take off the top , and put the top back on , again . Very , very inconvenient . Surely there has got to be a small , portable shop vac that works better than this one . If it were only more stable when you set it down , it would not be such a problem because it would not be tipping over all the time . I would not purchase this vac again .
 The shop vac was way over priced and did n't realize it until I received it . . I order it during the Christmas rushAlso I received two orders of 3 vacs . After explaining to `` Unbeatable sales '' I only ordered 3 vacs not 6 they did n't credit my account the proper amount of $ 162.00 They credited me $ 130 . I also paid 19.00 to ship it back to them.They would not prepay the shipping.Not happy .
 Space is an issue for me . So is cleanliness . Why does this vac stink ? Because the motor is less than an inch from the walls of the dirt canister . If you 've used a shop vac & know how dirt packs to the filter , you may as well empty it on your floor & vac it all back up again . Putting the entire vac in the trash receptacle , then removing the top is the cleanest you can get with this . The hose does n't unscrew ; it slides between the top & bottom.The side tabs that lock are very tight ; so tight that one snapped off , so I could n't send it back . If you want a REALLY good small shop vac , go with the All Around . It may * seem * expensive , but when you get this vac , you 'll kick yourself . A dustbuster would be better/easier . Sorry ShopVac - you failed with this pain in the butt .
 Do n't let the name fool you , this is not a miniature version of the larger shop vacs . Yes , it is powerful , but it creates more of a mess emptying it than I 've ever used it to clean up . The entrance of the hose on the inside is also about 1/2 inch from the filter , try cleaning up anything longer than 1/2 and it clogs ... . I was trying to use it to suction up the little bit of hay that escapes from my rabbits cage and it is perfectly useless for this . The attachment on my regular vacuum works much better . If it had n't been a gift , I 'd have returned it after the first use . As it is , its sitting unused in my closet .
 I owned one of these for about a week . The tank falls off easily , as will all Shop Vac products ; the hose has to be glued on , and all the plastic cheapness is not worth the decent motor and suction . Filters cost a fortune for this tiny nothing .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 The results of these strips did n't look right so I decided to test them . Water is a neutral 7.0 . First I tried carbon-filtered tap water and got a reading of 5.0 . While carbon filters are n't perfect , water should never be that acidic . To be sure I bought a jug of distilled water from the pharmacy . To make sure nothing could skew the results I got a strip from the bag , opened the jug , stuck the strip in for 2 seconds , pulled it out and took a reading . It was 5.0 with a bit of color -LRB- maybe 5.2 -RRB- . That ca n't be good readings.The strips must be old or bad . Either way I caution you not to make health decision based on your strips until you verify to your satisfaction your batch is accurate .
 Bought these and one other brand of test strips . My first reading was around 5.0 and after going back and reading reviews on this product , I did what one other 2 star reviewer did , tested our water -LRB- well water with a lab test of neutral 7.0 -RRB- and got a reading of approximately 5.5 . Conclusion , these strips are not accurate and heavily biased to the acidic side . I concur with another reviewer , they are probably intended to be biased to sell some of their alkalizing products .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 This glue and dispenser worked great a couple of times , then the cap became glued shut . I managed to open it once with a pair of pliers , but trying again a few days later wound up bursting the tube of glue inside the dispenser . I had super glue all over my hands and had to throw out the glue along with the loctite dispenser.Very disappointing . I wo n't buy this product again .
 only able to use once . i followed all the directions and still the top glue itself shut . Not worth the money .
 This is a good glue product and works on a broad range of items from wood to glass , but changes to the container for all of the plastic bottle glue containers now cause the glue to harden in the nozzle and it clogs when put away -LRB- even just a few days -RRB- for future use causing waste and inability to depend on the product when needed . As a hardwood floor business owner , I have used their product professionally for over a decade and was disappointed when Loctite -LRB- Henkel Corporation -RRB- recently joined the greedy club of making a product dysfunctional to save a fraction of cost per unit ; the container was redesigned and they removed the tiny metal pin inside the cap that used to penetrate the nozzle to keep it clear and not solidify when reusing ; the metal pin was replaced with a plastic nubbin that does not penetrate the nozzle hole and insufficiently seals the nozzle causing glue to harden to a point where even if you could find something to break through the solidified glue , the solid part can not escape the container and floats toward the tip continuing to make the product difficult or not possible to use -LRB- and dangerous too if you squeeze too hard and cause the container to crack at the base seam and glue gets onto your skin or a customer 's rug -RRB- . I called Loctite and one of their representatives stated they would look into the situation and get back to me -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- but that they were not responsible for the container that holds the glue ?!? I guess Henkel 's idea is if the glue nozzle has a chunk of glue so solid you can not use it that you will go out and buy another bottle for over $ 4 and use it once and then throw that away too . I suggest if you have the time and money , buy the product , use it once then contact Henkel to return your money because you can not use the remainder of the product and tell them why .
 I bought this product to glue up a bent lamination of hard maple . Beginning with a test gluing phase , I mixed one batch by volume and after letting the glue cure for 24 hours the glue up delaminated with ease . I then made another mixture by weight and came up with the same results . DAP products are consistently inferior and after my troubles with their plastic resin glue I 'm sure I will no longer purchase any of their products again . What did work in place of this brand was unibond 800 .
 I READ THE REVIEWS AND ORDERED 4.5 POUNDS . THE FIRST BUCKET OF GLUE LEFT LAMINATE FLOORING NOISY , BUT I FIGURED THAT MIGHT GET BETTER AS I GOT MORE EXPERIENCED ; IT DID NOT . I ORDERED 4 MORE BUCKETS . MY EXPERIENCE INDICATES THAT THE GLUE DOES N'T COVER 40 SQ. . FT. PER POUND OF GLUE POWDER AS THE LABEL INDICATES . MORE DISAPPOINTINGLY THAN THAT , THE GLUE DID NOT SECURELY HOLD LAMINATE FLOORING TO PARTICLE BOARD SUBFLOORING . I WEIGHED THE GLUE POWDER AND WATER CAREFULLY . I AM GOING TO TRY TO RETURN AT LEAST THE LAST 4 BUCKETS FOR REFUND .
 Purchase Weldwood from Amazon and NOT from the other dealers listed as associates.In any event , use or test the batch of Weldwood immediately . After three months of laying up a hull -LRB- in 2011 -RRB- , I worked into using a half dozen 4.5 pound containers marked with tag `` 23 . '' Worthless , they mixed like beachsand . The six containers made a trip to DAP , and returned with the message that they `` were examined and determined by batch number to be 2008 production materials . '' So much for a one year guarantee .
 This product was purchased for some bent wood lamination work as I had seen David Marks do on `` Woodworks '' . I may have misunderstood what he was using because this product did not set up well at all . I mixed by weight and tried to keep the temperature around 70 , but the combination of water , dry laminate strips , and a chillier than normal shop all conspired to make a weak bond . I 've had far more success in the bent wood lamination game with West System Epoxy as it does not add water and is far less tempermental when it comes to temperature . I would not recommend this product .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I was not very happy with my purchase . The bits were n't as sharp asthey should be . They do not cut very well . Also the case they came in was broken.I 'm not sureI 'll order again .
 These have got to be the worst forstner bits I 've used to date . I had noticed upon removal from the packaging that ALL of the cutting edges were not just dull , but spawled , chipped , and looked to have been sharpened with a wood rasp . -LRB- My lawnmower blades have a crisper edge ! -RRB- These bits are definitely not fast , sharp , or worth your money if you are serious about your tools . - no stars today Chinese made Porter Cable -
 I purchased these gloves a little over 3 months ago . I work in an aquatics store , and my skin is very sensitive to being in the water . Before I switched to the gloves , my eczema was extremely severe . With the help of the gloves I was able to clear up my skin , but that meant using them every time I needed to be in the tanks , whether it were bagging fish for a customer or tank maintenance -LRB- scrubbing , gravel vacuuming etc -RRB- . All was going great until two days ago when I felt water leaking into my glove . Today I found why - the seam holding the red part and the purple part together had come undone . The glove was rendered completely useless . I 'm sure if you were using them less often they would work great - but considering what I paid I was very disappointed that they only lasted me a few months . Especially since they are necessary for me to do my job .
 Aqua gloves are made of thick rubber which makes even holding tweezers difficult . You will end up knocking over rock formations in your reef tank . Very difficult to remove algae with these gloves . Latex gloves work much better and cost far less .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 This handheld vacuum is a complete joke . . WEAK SUCKTION !!!! I would recommend the Dirt Sevil Scorpion , the Sunbeam handi , or the Sears Kenmore EVO hand vac ...
 Very low quality . BNC connector is OK , but both of the alligator clips are misaligned and do n't want to close all of the way .
 I will not order from this company again . A beautiful extra-large laminated anatomy poster with brilliant graphics was FOLDED twice to fit in a box that had ample space for it to ship rolled in a cylinder . It 's just a shame that they did n't take better care in preserving the integrity of their product !
 The glue dries up too quickly . I purchased them for my mother who makes jewelry and I purchased about 5 of them and by the time she got to the second one -LRB- about 4 months later , the other tubes were dried out , We have found another product that does not dry out and works very well .
 Never received the product . When questioned about it , I was referred to the USPS and they had no record on it . Product is good but useless if it does n't arrive .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 It does not feel like there is enough coating on them.These are marked as made in China . Now my proudly USA built HyLoft storage rack has these made in China hangers .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I had a simple small job for this bit . To dill about 2mm of a hole with a small amount of the screw left in it . Most of the screw had been drilled out with a smaller bit I already owned from Home Depot . The tip of the bit ground away and did n't make the slightest bit of progress . Worthless . Less than one star really .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I was n't impressed with this tape for stage use . The claim that the tape is charged within 30 minutes of exposure to natural or artificial light is incorrect . In my experience , bright stage lights shining on the tape for over an hour is n't enough to charge it to the point where I am comfortable with the actors making exits during a blackout .
 I wanted this tape to use for nighttime security purposes
 This tape is nothing but a worthless piece of junk ! Why do dealers choose to sell their useless trash on Amazon . Spent a lot of money for something that does not work according to its given product description . First of all , the adhesive is not strong at all and tends to curl over time . Then the glow-in-the-dark feature gives a weak unsatisfactory glow even after hours of direct exposure to light and tends to fade dramatically in less than 5 minutes after activation has ceased . Do n't be foolish and buy this product !
 Product did not perform as described . Either I received a defective product or the description of product was , um `` inaccurate '' . I exposed the tape to bright light at home for an over an hour and it failed to maintain its promised luminescence within 20 minutes of of shutting off the lights . Dim at best in optimal conditions . Was utterly useless onstage -LRB- I 'm a musician -RRB- despite prolonged exposure to pre-show lighting -LRB- as per advertised -RRB- and several subsequent and prolonged attempts at exposing this tape to intense light from my extremely bright cell-phone `` flashlight '' at extremely close quarters . I wanted this product to work . I need it to work . It failed.In my opinion , the description was deceptive .
 I chose this tape over paint because I thought it would be easier . I wish I had n't . First of all , I found it difficult to remove the tape from its backing . Secondly , the adhesive was very poor . -LRB- I was attempting to use it on painted cardboard . -RRB- Lastly , I found that the glow was only bright in pitch darkness . I would not buy this product again .
 I was very disappointed with this glow-in-the-dark tape.As I said in my review title , maybe I just got a bad batch or some that was very old or something else similar . But the fact remains that this tape did n't glow * at all * , not even a faint dim . I `` charged '' it up in a brightly lit room and when I turned out the lights ... nothing , nothing whatsoever . I even waited a few minutes in the hopes that it was just that my eyes had not yet become adapted to the dark but still there was no glow at all.Additionally , the adhesive is apparently not that great . The day after I spiralled it up an interior vertical metal rod on my staircase I found that the tape had started to peel off just due to its own weight . After a couple of days I found it on the floor . Again , this was on a vertical surface , it was n't even hanging upside down like from a ceiling or similar.I do n't enjoy writing unfavorable reviews here but , really , this stuff is complete junk and a total rip-off .
 Product arrived promptly & was well-packaged . It is easy to apply . My issue is that within 30 minutes after dark it had stopped glowing . It was applied in an outdoor area that receives constant sun .
 I bought this tape for my dance recital . I took a chance on ordering through amazon from a vendor I did n't recognize . I 've been involved in theater all my life -LRB- 50 years -RRB- and usually order from places like Rose Brand . But I needed it in a big hurry and Amazon came through on a timely delivery . Only problem is the tape does n't glow in the dark . We ' charged it over and over with a high luminosity flashlight but it would n't stay `` yellow '' and keep it 's light . It was useless . So my dancers had no warning lights on stairs leading on and off stage , and no indication of center marks or downstage marks or set spikes . I wo n't ever buy a theater product like this again from a general retailer like Amazon . I gave it one star but only because there is no option for `` no '' stars .
 This tape really did n't live up to my expectations . It kept coming off the floor ultimately resulting in several near-miss accidents . I spent a lot of time sticking it back down with gaff tape on the edges which became a daily annoyance .
 I 'm thinking some people luck out and some do n't when it comes to this product . We got this to mark doorways inside so we could cut down on our electricity use at night . It will glow very faintly at first ... then fizzles out to nothing . Maybe it just does n't play well with CFL bulbs , or maybe some of us just got a bad batch . It 's a coin toss , so good luck !
 This tape is terrible . You need to shine a light on the tape , very closely to it , for quite some time . Then immediately turn the lights off , and enjoy the glow for about 2 minutes.It sticks well though . So there 's that .
 Bought this tape to make glowing lines on a Kan Jam set - glowed for about thirty seconds before you could n't see it anymore - after being in the sun ALL day . Do n't waste your money .
 I 've really enjoyed the weather station . It has the best design that I 've found.HOWEVER ... In the 8 years I 've owned it , I 've now had to purchase my FOURTH outdoor temperature sensor ... at $ 55 EACH !!! In addition , I 've also had to purchase another wind sensor at $ 85 ! That 's over $ 300 in replacement parts , and the whole thing cost $ 400 new!I know what you 're thinking ... why throw good after bad ? There was NO better design up until recently . Now I 'm looking to replace the whole thing , knowing that not only are they guaranteed to break , but replacement parts wo n't be available anymore!GREAT design!TERRIBLE QUALITY !
 Not only was the final product terrible , but when I went to throw them away , one of the pointier ribs tore a hole through the bag , spilling tibulae and fibulae onto the sidewalk . This led to a very awkward conversation with my neighbor , and subsequently , the police . In short , I can not recommend these bones , nor can I recommend Target store-brand trash bags -LRB- kitchen size -RRB- .
 I bought these bones hoping they 'd help me in my anatomy class . Unfortunately there were no hands and the skull seemed to be devoid of tongue , brain , or vocal chords . All in all not a good investment if you want help studying .
 I have been buying bags of human bones for over 22 years now and have always enjoyed that first moment when I rip open the bag and inhale the somber , musky smell of decay and sadness . Unfortunately for me and my neighbors
 After Grandma passed away , we were consoled somewhat by the knowledge that we had given her body to `` science '' as she had wanted , despite some objections from the side of the family we feud with.Imagine our shock and horror when we found out that not only were her remains being treated shabbily by being classified as `` 4th class '' , but now her gift to the world is being mocked by reviewers on Amazon who think all of this is a big joke!This company `` The Therapy Connection '' is perfectly named ! I am so upset , I will probably be in therapy myself for a long time to come to terms with this nightmare.Miss you Gammy ! Your pies were anything but `` 4th class '' .
 I expected more from Electrolux Eureka , but at $ 101.00 maybe I got what I paid for.Negatives - The machine is too noisy and generates heat so that the carrying handle gets hot . The metal adjustable wand is heavy compared to my old plastic non adjustable wand , so I continue to use the old one . The floor brush has an awkward feeling which I do not like , so I continue to use an old one I have.Positives - I like the light hose , the HEPA filter and the strong suction . Changing regular filter and HEPA are convenient . Machine is compact , good wheels , on-off switch and extra attachments are good enough .
 At first I was impressed . I was able to clean the dust off a chandelier . But the attachments are really poor . For instance , once you attach the large one , it negates any sucking power . The handle and body of the machine get bloody hot . The suction power itself does n't seem bad when you remove the attachments , but I 'll be darned if I am going to scrape the metal pipe across the hardwood floors picking up one crumb at a time like a mechanical anteater . I am stuck with this bad boy so I 'll put it out in the garage and use it for vacuuming the car . Like the saying goes `` Tried to save a buck , now I 'm s.o.l. ''
 This worked great for an hour . It strapped on my back , and I was able to easily get up and down a small stepladder to clean high up.And then , it died . The instructions said to leave it for half and hour and turn it back on . When I did that , it came back on for half a second , and died again . The instructions said not to return it , but to locate the nearest `` warranty center '' and call them . So , I did . I brought it in.And now , a week later , Amazon and Eureka have my money , the `` warranty center '' has the vacuum , and I have ... zip . When I called them , they said that they have n't looked at it yet.What do you suppose the odds are that I 'll ever see either the vacuum or my money again .
 All I could think of after receiving it was the Suck n ' Cut quote from waynes world
 I thought I had done a good job researching vacuum cleaners when I bought this one , but I was wrong in the fact I thought this was a carpet cleaner . This has no rotating brushes of any kind , so all it really does is pick up stuff off the surface of things . It is great on hardwood floors and maybe some flat rugs but not carpet . This did not work well at all on my carpet . I went back with another vacuum after using this to find so much it missed . It is just a suction hose and you have to get the hole right over the obect to pick it up , and if it has any attachment to the floor bend down and pick it up release it then see if it will pick it up . If it has any weight forget it . I have to go and buy something else . I do n't have the money to do this , so if you do n't either do n't waste your time .
 I do n't understand why this machine is rated `` commercial '' - it is TINY , the suction is terrible , and the floor attachment is difficult to manuever . The `` bare floors to carpet '' option is a joke - it 's impossible to push on carpet ; the small fibers on the attachment grip the carpet and do n't allow it to move ! I bought it to use in my retail store space and returned it after one use . We have old hardwood floors that we clean pretty regularly but had hitherto only swept . I expected a commercial vacuum to provide some power but this one failed big time - I had to move very slowly and go back and forth repeatedly to pick up dust bunnies that any household vacuum would grab the first time . I would have been better off getting a Shop-Vac for around $ 20 .
 There is plenty of suction on this vacuum but it is not that easy to use . I am 5 ' 8 &#34; , not so terribly tall , but had to bend over to vacuum till it was very uncomfortable to use . Is everything built for midgets ? Fortunately I took parts from my Mightly Mite , which burned up , I might add , and so was able to conteract this problem . The hose also keeps catching on the hook to wind up the cord on , so that was an inconveniece , too . It is hard to adjust the setting on the floor attachment , also . Therefore , I am not crazy about this vacuum .
 I have been cleaning houses for 35 years and I have never spent more time clearing out a vacuum hose more than this one . The design is simply `` bad '' there is a 45 degree angle that the simplest things get caught in and the suction power even when there is n't something to reem out is pathetic . This is the worst purchase I have ever made I would feel bad giving this vacuum away it has caused me so much frustration and grief . Ugh !
 This vacuum is horrible to manuver on carpet . Suction was great for laminate , but jumped terribly as moving along carpet . Got hot so fast , I was afraid it would start a fire . Wo n't ever buy again . AND the Merchandise Mecca that I bought it from now wo n't allow me to send back . I 've only had it 2 days . What the heck ???? Great customer service , huh ?!?!
 This is the 2nd vacuum I bought within a year based on very high rate by Amazon users and AGAIN I am DISAPPOINTED . First of all I read a few reviews that it can vacuum rugs and thin carpet well . I am going to disagree . It is well below average . Very annoying as well . Since the tip of the suction does n't have wheels to roll . It does n't move smoothly on rugs or carpets . It just simply sucks and you just keep on pulling . Does n't suck up dog hair that well either . As far as using it on hardwood floors and tiles . Yes , it flows smoothly on it but WHY would I want to carry this CLUNKER around making noise when I can just easily use a very soft asian style broom that I can easily buy at any asian market for under $ 10 and quickly brush away debris off the floor ? This thing vacuums but it 's more annoying than its worth . I guess this is going to the Salvation Army as well .
 Worked ok in the first 3 months I had it , although the suction was not what I expected . Now , even with a new bag and nothing blocking the hose , it will not pick up anything . You go over the same spot multiple times and nothing happens - even on bare hardwood floors . Have taken to vacuuming without the stick . Looking for a new vac .
 While this is a very powerful vacuum it has a design defect verified by the service representative . The wheels on this vacuum - and the replacement vacuum we received - do not turn on their own . Only when you physically move them will they work . This is a wonderful product if you wish to utilize the shoulder strap and carry it . Otherwise this becomes a very recalcitrant puppy that you have to drag along and scratch your wood floors . This is best on a carpet as there is no problem dragging it . We would suggest its cousin for less money the Eureka which we understand from the service center does not have this design defect . If you opt for the professional product the service center suggested placing large heavy duty rubber bands on the wheels - which did work well . We suggest purchasing a large amount of these rubber bands as they do not last long . Happy cleaning !
 I bought mine several months ago based on the name Electrolux and the reviews . At first I loved this powerful little machine , but now , I 've got to find a replacement . I have stairs and 1 room that is carpeted.But add in 1 long hair cat , and the suction on the vacuum has become kaput on the carpet . Still works well on the other areas of the house though .
 I owned the old mighty mite about ten years ago and gave it away because I did n't think it was being used enough . After I added a parrot to our menagerie I needed a good portable vacuum , so I purchased this unit after much research.It does n't compare to the old unit for suction or low sound levels . It would be okay for light cleaning or vacuuming cobwebs , but it is not good for pet hair or the clutter surrounding a bird cage .
 What a useless machine this is
 One of the reasons I purchased this is that the HOOVER WINDTUNNEL vacuum that I bought a year or so ago is totally frustrating when it comes to using the tools ... the wand extensions will not under any circumstances stay together , and it is a hassle to constantly be pushing the pieces back together as they fall apart . Imagine my total disgust and disappointment at having spent all this money on this Eureka Sanitaire Commercial Canister Vac so I could have something where I could do the edges and under the beds and furniture , into small corners , etc , and when I started using it , it ALSO FELL APART REPEATEDLY . The first thing I tried was on the carpet . Tried the carpet head with the brushes , it immediately fell off . Tried again allowing the air into the wand , -LRB- there is a special valve , reduces the suction -RRB- and the same thing happened . Tried the FLAT -LRB- for solid surfaces -RRB- head and it worked a bit better , did not fall off . But did not clean much , either . As soon as I put the FLAT head onto the tile and wood floors , then the head fell off again . -LRB- Even with the suction valve wide open to minimize the suction -RRB- . Not only that , but the WAND keeps falling off , so you absolutely MUST vacuum while holding the extension wand , not the curved upper part that it attaches to . Which means being about 30 '' from the floor . Hunched over . I cranked those pieces onto each other as hard as I could , and repeatedly the whole thing just falls apart . I tried calling the company -LRB- since it is now USED and could not be returned -RRB- and they just blew me off . The wand with the kit is different from the wand shown in their diagram , so I suspect they recently changed suppliers -LRB- it is upside down in design from the one on the instruction manual . -RRB- STAY AWAY FROM THIS ... IT HAS TONS OF SUCTION , BUT THE HASSLE MAKES IT USELESS . I can not vacuum under the bed with this because the head comes right off in the midst of cleaning , usually after 4 or 5 strokes back and forth . I do n't want to have to try to fish that out from under the middle of the bed ! HORRIBLE PRODUCT !! Horrible customer service !! UPDATE - After writing this , I decided to call the Eureka Customer Service line again . The first time I called -LRB- right after getting the thing and having all the issues -RRB- the person told me that I simply was not pushing the pieces together strongly enough . This time the person I talked to is going to send me a new extension wand . He mentioned that they have similar wands for different equipment , and perhaps the one I received was not the correct one . At least they are trying to be helpful this time . I keep telling them that the wand in the instruction booklet installs UPSIDE DOWN from the way mine has to be installed -LRB- based on what will fit where ! -RRB- . Will re-write the review if the new wand WORKS BETTER.UPDATE
 I ordered this vacuum because of the great reviews . What no one seems to mention is that the heavy attachment that gets used 90 % of the time falls off during use multiple times.The device on the hose near your hand , which controls air flow has pinches my hand because it will close over it.This vacuum is heavy , does not maneuver well , and is my least favorite vacuum since my last Electrolux , which finally died due to overheating.This product is not made for a petite woman . I am being hassled about returning it to the vendor . And the shipping price is ridiculous . I feel like someone stole 100 dollars from my already tight budget.Do not buy this vacuum !
 we have this vacum for work and we have all of 4 rugs to vacum . Well it dosent suck , and little tiny pebbles will jam it up real quick , burn the belt and stink . The one rug , all you can see is all the dirt bouncing around as you are trying to suck it up . But , so yea the vacum sucks , but not dirt . Biggest junk ive ever used . Hate it
 Even though there 's a picture of a Dog on the box this machine will not work for that kind of Vacuuming . The long dog hairs just wrap around the beater brush and cause a big mess . Very little of the hair acually made it to the waste bin . If you do n't mind dismantling the brushes every time that you use it , then i guess it would be OK . But be prepared for 15 minutes of disassemble and cleanup with each use.The manufacturer needs to figure out how to transport long dog or cat hairs past the brush assembly . Until they do that i would n't buy this vacuum . And they should take the picture of the Dog -LRB- and the Dog hair on the carpet -RRB- off of the box.Other than the hair problem , the unit seemed to work fairly well .
 maybe a few models -LRB- and improvements -RRB- down the line . We 'll see - I wanted so much for this to work out well for me , but after picking up all the cat toys and cords , moving all sorts of stuff out of the way , it still needed constant supervision just to do my 14 ' x 16 ' living room ! The bottom of my sofa slopes down a bit in the back ; my Roomba Pro Elite ran under the sofa , vacummed a few minutes , then got stuck ; I had to lie down on the floor , shove it toward the front , then get down in front to pull it out . This was pretty difficult for me because I 'm disabled ... which is why I was so hopeful about Roomba!Then , it continued to get confused , stuck , etc. many more times during the process . It did pick up quite a lot , but since the dustbin thing is so small , it had to be emptied about four times -LRB- my floor had been vacuumed a week before -RRB- . When it was finished -LRB- it missed quite a few areas , so I just drove it to those areas and used the Spot feature -RRB- , I had to move everything back the way it was , retrieve and plug in lamp cords , etc. , etc. , etc. . I was sweating gallons , more exhausted , achey , and in more pain than if I 'd just gotten out my old vacuum cleaner and vacuumed the room myself ! It took me four days to recuperate.I have to say that if my floors were entirely tile or wood , the Roomba might have proved much more satisfying to me.I packed it back up and am returning the Roomba , but I am still hopeful that someday I 'll be able to buy a better Roomba , or a similar product that meets my needs .
 I recently bought a Roomba Pro -LRB- the blue model -RRB- online . It was a total dud . It did n't do anything but drive forward , do a couple of circles , play a sad song , and stop . When I called the Roomba helpline they told me that there is a `` problem '' with the chargers on the Pro and Pro elite models . -LRB- You can actually go to www.roombavac.com to read about the charger problem . -RRB- I tried the rapid charger instead - which is supposed to fix the problem - but it did n't -LRB- Roomba also sent a charger patch which did not fix the problem either -RRB- . Maybe there is something else wrong with the one I got . I really do n't know if the faulty charger caused the problem I was having . Nevertheless , I returned it and went to Linens and Things to get the regular old silver model . It works perfectly and I am completely satisfied . The new features on the pro and pro elite models are just not worth the extra money and the headache caused by the whole charger problem . Stick with the old model . It is the same cleaner with a charger that works .
 I bought the pro elite unit . Initially -LRB- for the first 2 weeks -RRB- it worked great . Than the problems started . These range from battery drained too quickly -LRB- worked 15 minutes on a fully charged unit -RRB- to the unit getting stuck in the middle of the room and turning itself off -LRB- while the battery were charged -RRB- . After exchanging of several E-mail messages with Irobot technical support department and several long telephone conversations with their customer support department they admitted that there is something wrong with the unit and issue me a RM # -LRB- which is an authorization to return the unit for an exchange -RRB- . Of course they demanded that I paid for the shipping -LRB- another $ 20 + -RRB- . It took over 3 weeks before I received another unit . When I opened the package it turned out that they sent a different model -LRB- cheaper - of course -RRB- I called again their customer support . I told them that I will agree to keep the cheaper model , but that I wanted them to refund me the price difference . They refused to do that and issued me another RM # . This time they agreed to pick up the cost of returning the unit . However it took another 2 weeks -LRB- and numerous phone calls -RRB- before the unit was picked up and another 2 weeks before I got the new unit - the right model this time . I charged it and turned it on . The same old problems occurred again . It takes much more time and effort to clean the room with this `` automatic '' unit than with a conventional vacuum cleaner since you need to turn the unit on again and again every few minutes . Bottom line - this is a worthless product . Since I can not give it a rating lower than 1 I have given it a one star rating . In my opinion it should be rated with one big fat zero .
 This item is a bust for me . It does n't work well with lots of furniture . It kept getting stuck in between the legs of the coffee table . Returned this item .
 I bought this for my mother for Xmas.She made me take it back.It barely cleaned her carpets and had as much power as a push along rug cleaner.It did not bounce off furniture as shown and got stuck often.It took 90 minutes to clean one room ... not very efficient.If you have pets this items is not for you .
 I purchased the roomba pro after reading about it on USA Today figuring I would get an unbaised opinion . The vacuum is awful . It picks up less dirt than our $ 30 hand vaccum . It gets stuck often , the tire tread broke on the first use -LRB- a regular problem , the roomba.com website provide instructions on how to crazy glue this together ! -RRB- When I wrote to roomba , the offered to replace my unit -LRB- very nice , but I need something that actually picks up dirt -RRB- . The concept of this vacuum is nice , but needs a lot of work . First it needs to function as a vacuum . I literally have to take my regular vacuum over the area i use the roomba on . Instead of saving time I spend more ! This is just a fancy toy - do yourself a favor , buy a toy robot and a shop vac - you will get better value and have more fun !
 Yes it vacuums but not well and not anything big , if you want a robotic vacuum that does what your human powered vacuum does now , wait .
 1 . It will not pick up dog hair , instead pushes it around2 . Does not deal with changes in floor texture , like a rug on a hard wood floor , got hung up in the transition every time3 . Does not fit under any furniture except tables4 . Does not pick up anything beyond dust so grit like dirt will not be vacuumed5 . Works well in a room devoid of furniture , with a hardwood floor or one type of low pile carpet ... forget anything beyond 1/4 inch6 . Basically , it is now slotted for re-gifting to somebody I do n't like .
 We pulled it out of the box , foolowed the instruction to get it charging , waited 12 hours for it to charge , put it on the floor and watched it go . It ran for 5 seconds then stopped . We got a new battery ... same thing . Basically dont buy it . Its a piece of junk . DONT BUY IT
 We were led to believe unit came with remote . It did not . Units of compariable price in retail stores come with remote.Unit avaiable on A S shopping network for less including remote . This is probably last years model . Great entertainment for pets not much good for humans
 I bought one and could n't rave enough about it . Then the thing died after one month 's use . I lost the receipt and so could n't take it back . I really like the concept and would even consider buying another , but the warranty is only good for 90 days . $ 200 is a lot of money to spend for only one month or three month 's use . They need to improve the durability of the product AND extend the warranty .
 My husband -LRB- after many hints -RRB- bought the Roomba for me as a gift . I kept it for a day before returning it . Although it was fun to watch , it was of little use at picking up dog hair , even on hardwood floors . No matter how long it was left in an area , there was always dirt left behind ; sometimes it seemed as if it were picking up dirt in one place and depositing it in another . It is also quite noisy ; having it cleaning in another room required cranking up the volume on the television in order to hear . The long recharge time for the battery would practically necessitate buying an additional battery , and most houses would need additional units to block doorways and hallways . All in all , we were totally unimpressed . Too bad , because we wanted to love it . Maybe future models will be more powerful .
 Hi , The battery in my iRobot Roomba Pro Intelligent Floorvac died after eight months of using it twice a week on hardwood floors . I might consider buying a new battery , but to spend $ 60 to keep the little guy working just is n't worth it because it wo n't clean my carpets.I was very disappointed when I first got the vacuum . It just did not have the traction to keep moving on my carpet . It would go about ten feet and die . I have a plush carpet that is somewhat thick . I had heard that the vacuum did not work well on heavy carpet , but I thought they meant that it did n't do deep cleaning . I did n't realize that it would not work at all . I was n't worried about the lack of deep cleaning . I just wanted it to handle the surface dirt and planned to do deeper cleaning using my regular vacuum.I must say it worked fine on my hardwood floors and I used it weekly for them . It also seemed to work OK on rugs left on the hardwood floors -- even those that were quite thick.I 'm giving it an overall rating of 2 , but the breakdown would be :4
 I wanted to believe , I really did . When I great read reviews from people that also had long-haired pets like Australian Shepherds and Golden Retrievers , I bought in - and bought it . When it arrived , however , I found that it left alot to be desired . I finally went so far as to sweep my area rug extensively before vacuuming to pick up `` the top layer '' of dog hair so the Roomba would n't clog up with hair so readily -LRB- after 1-3 uses -RRB- . I then watched the Roomba roll right over the few hairs that were left - and leave them right there ! It even took hairs that were difficult or impossible to see when they were in the main body of the rug and left them at the edge -LRB- where they were much more visible -RRB- . I 'm disappointed that I 'm going to have to return it and continue to carpet sweep my rugs by hand .
 I wanted one of these because I love gadgets and thought it would be a real help in keeping the house clean . I finally got one as a gift this Christmas . I must say , I am greatly disappointed . Maybe its just my unit that is defective . I followed the instructions and gave it a full charge before testing it . First I used it on carpet , it is NOT a real deep carpet . It immediately headed towards a wall and then got stuck against the wall -LRB- sort of on the side -RRB- as if it could not detect it . I moved it . It spun for a minute before getting stuck in the middle of the floor ! -LRB- there were no obstacles whatsoever , the wheels were spinning but it was n't moving anywhere -RRB- . I should also note that even on the tiny area that it DID cover , it did a lousy job of cleaning , there was plenty of debris left after it passed over.I gave up on carpet and took it to a hard linoleum floor . In this case , it just spun in circles for about 10 minutes moving a total of about 2 square feet . Also , directions say you are supposed to hit the power button then select a room size button . Well with mine , as soon as I turn it on it immediately starts spinning making it hard to select a room size , and no matter what room size button I press , the `` L '' button blinks . I do n't know if that means it is choosing `` Large '' every time , or this is just some silly `` feature '' of the Roomba . At any rate , this thing is a huge waste of time . It simply does NOT have enough power to clean . Remember a normal vacuum cleaner uses A LOT of power - you ca n't duplicate this with a low power battery . You will spend more time babying , moving , and charging the Roomba than you would just whipping out the `` real '' vacuum cleaner and quickly rolling over any room.Bottom line
 I purchased a Roomba 560 and it came with electronics that made real sense . Lighthouses that allowed the unit to clean one room , move to the next and then clean the next room . I needed another to make life simpler , so I purchase another unit ... but the manufacturer `` Dumbed Down '' the model 560 and did not include the `` lighthouses '' that made life simpler ! They made a lame decision ... AFTER releasing the model 560 , to leave out an important function . After contacting `` Roomba '' I was informed that they did this so they could market the higher end models that were n't selling . STUPID DECISION ... You should improve the product , not make it less functional . Now I am left with having to return the dumbed down version and pay for shipping , re-packaging the unit and purchasing an older model that has n't been `` dumbed down '' . Obviously , a bad situation for any consumer ! Hands down on poor product model decisions . They should have simply renamed the model and market it as a different dumbed down model . Yet they confuse the consumer by leaving the same model that is functionally different than the previous ... and not in a good way , it should have improved.Now I am left with either keeping the dumbed down version , sending this one back , or purchasing another model ... guess what I am going to do ? I would not have done business with a company that uses deceptive marketing practices . Both roombas get returned .
 I have purchased three Roomba 's . The latest , a Roomba Pro , seems to have far more troubles than the original . It gets stuck on simple trim and even in corners -LRB- it is calling me now to free it again -RRB- . I was happy with the first version -LRB- despite some reliability issues -RRB- ; I was hoping that Irobot would work towards improving the product but so far am not thrilled . It is a great concept , the execution is frustrating .
 Just finished 18 + months of use with the Roomba/Roomba Pro , so here are my thoughts ... Had three replacements , so the warrenty is good . But the warrenty period is up and I 'm not about to buy another one . I really did like them and got lots of good use out of them . But iRobot does n't listen to its customers . The basic problem that I had was caused by cheap Chinese construction ; that is , the cheezy wooden steering wheel on the front of the Roomba was worn down all too quickly on our hard porcelain tiles . Most of the replacements would n't have been necessary if the steering wheel had been made of a space-age material that did n't wear so quickly . C'mon guys , how much would that have cost ? Or how about a simple snap-in replacement wheel ? This is really bad design , so I 'll use this as an example of a poor application of a good idea for my engineering students.Maybe I 'll look at the Electrolux model , but for $ 1700 do you get decent construction materials ?
 This product is a piece of junk ! I 've had two now and they both have the same problem . They run for 3-7 minutes and then I have to spend 1/2 hour cleaning out the insides . IRobot has admitted that this model has `` flaws '' that have been corrected in later models , but they will not allow me an upgrade so I am stuck with this piece of crap . Do n't bother !!
 the gloves are good because they are made of good material which prevents cuts and abrasion BUT I suggest not touching anything hot because it can not stand more than 2 seconds of holding a hot object , therefore they do not withstand the suggested temperature .
 I bought six of these for an invention of mine . They were to control a 3/8 '' 5amp . varible speed drill . They all over heated with little work and two burned up pretty quick . The ones which just over heated got hot enought to burn bare feet . My big gripe is there is no rating for how much they can handle . Certainly too small for most electric hand tools .
 The Foot Pedal broke almost immediately ... we did n't do anything unusual to stress the unit . I called the company and left a message requesting a little help ... they never phoned me back . If they HAD , I probably would n't be submitting this review.Buyer beware ... this is a poorly manufactured product . I recommend calling Grainger and ordering a slightly more expensive but significantly more reliable version of this product .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Bought it because it was cheap and HSS . Even with proper drilling technique -LRB- cutting oil , backing out every 1/4 turn , etc. -RRB- it only made it about have an inch into a very low grade bolt before it snapped into 4 pieces .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 This item is almost 3 times more costly than what is at the local fastener house .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Duct tape is one of my essential travel , camping or backpacking items , but it 's amazing anyone can charge so much for so little ! In a minute or two , you can roll 20 + feet of your own duct tape around a short pencil and have your own ` travel duct tape ' for pennies . Better yet , roll it around an empty Rx bottle , and fill the bottle with a homemade sewing kit.Also , I prefer 3M 's clear duct tape , especially when traveling . It 's strong and it blends in better .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I tried to use this to wrap up a leak in my irrigation system and despite that fact that it was extremely sticky and water tight the first few days , it did n't last .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 this item came with two cannisters the first performing quite well . after installing the second cannister i was immediately reminded of my grandfather drooling on his bib in the nursing home . Yes i changed the batteries , prayed , and did a fertility dance before it , but to no avail . the metered dispenser is dead . long live glade plug-ins !
 It took me over one month and a half to get this product and I was disappointed . It is very cheaply made -LRB- plastic -RRB- and is an irregular size ... not very useful .
 When the poster arrived it was slightly crumpled and had a small tear in it . Not the end of the world but very disappointing nonetheless .
 The illustrations by Peter Bachin , unfortunately are wrong . The body , and the , brain , midbrain , medulla oblongata , and spinal cord are reversed -LRB- the head is down where the feet should be ! -RRB- . Also the Spinal meninges , intercostal nerves , and sagittal section of female pelvis are depicted in a way that is completely upside-down . The chart looks nothing like the one on amazon -LRB- at least that one is right side up ! -RRB- . I wish illustrators like Peter Bachin would spend more time in the morgue and less time just drawing whatever comes up in their wild imagination . The one thing I really do like , however , is the lamination . It 's really well done and far better than other anatomical charts I have ordered .
 Item is listed on Amazon page as 4-pack , which usually means 4 bottles for the price.I received 1 bottle with my order from RestockIt . I am still disputing this with Amazon.As they say , if the price is too good to be true , then it is n't . I 'll update this after Amazon communicate their decision.UPDATE
 It was not properly sealed , it seemed like someone over the mail opened it a took some of it , be careful
 I purchased the Delta Sanding Belt for use on a Hitachi Belt/Disc Sander from Amazon . The seam on the belt was so poorly joined that it produced a `` bump '' as it rotated making it impossible to sand a flat surface with the belt . I threw it away . It was a waste of money . That quality of belt should not sell for almost $ 10 anyway , but more like $ 2.50 . Do not purchase Delta Sanding belts at this price point . If you want poor belts , buy cheap belts !
 I ordered this set to replace the one that came with my mortiser . The original had cut probably 80 inches of 1 '' deep mortises . I expected that because it was `` Austrian '' that the Quality would be better . NOT ! The amount of metal in the bit is roughly 1/3 the metal in the OEM bit . I should have known better , I put it in the Machine and made just two cuts before it snapped . I will be calling Delta in the morning to find out if they have anything available that will match the OEM Ouality . Tool crib customer Service could not tell me .
 First unit lasted 10 mortise cuts -LRB- 3/8 '' deep -RRB- in red oak before bit broke . Unable to find replacement bit , bought second set to finish job . Bit lasted 12 mortises . If it is this fragile , replacements need to be readily available . I am not a rookie . This was not abuse of the tool .
 The product appears to be of good quality , but the bit is the weak link . And I have n't been able to find replacement bits . The tool catalogs only list the bit/chisel sets . Where can one buy the replacement bits ?
 I was making mortises in red oak and the bit broke on the 12th hole . I am not happy with the quality of the bit . Everything else I have that is Delta has has shown itself to be of good quality .
 These replacement bit/chisel sets are horribly brittle and the bits snap after a few strokes regardless of how careful you are clearing the chips or feeding at the proper rate.The bare bits without chisels are listed on the side of the package :1 / 4 - 17-9165/16 - 17-9173/8 - 17-9181/2 - 17-919
 I ordered this product because the product description stated that it worked on Jet mortising machines . I learned that the bit is much shorter than the bits that came with my Jet JBM 5 bench top mortiser . If you use this mortising machine , do not order this chisel . With the chisel inserted all the way into the machine , the drill bit is several inches short of the chuck .
 This mortise bit was supposed to fit a jet mortiser - it was oversize slightly and would not go into the chisel holder . I appreciate Amazon 's return policy , but not an expensive bit that was offsize
 The reviewer who wrote the review above must be trying to be funny . It does n't make any sense . Please remove it .
 I did order 5 set of DELTA sand discs -LRB- Delta 31-422 12-Inch 80 Git Sanding Disc -LRB- 2-Pack -RRB- -RRB- . But this company did send 3rd party discs to me.Those was not correct one.I requested refund , but they do not answer to me yet.Delta 31-422 12-Inch 80 Git Sanding Disc -LRB- 2-Pack -RRB-
 It will not fit to the Delta Plainer Delta TP305 12-1/2 '' Need to return please send return info .
 I have tried several times to install this item , no luck . There were no instructions in the box and the holes do n't line up . I even tried Delta 's website for instructions , no luck there either . If anyone knows how to install this on a TP305 please tell me.I bought the dust collector chute and the planer as a package . The dust collector chute says it is for Delta models TP400LS , 22-565 and 22-560 not TP305 so I was a little worried about it working when I bought it.ThanksMark
 I understand that Oreck is still advertising on Glenn Beck 's show . The handle on mine broke off . They fixed it , but the bag is ripped . It came with headphones for a radio that you could never get in tune . Now , it will be $ 120 to repair it ... or just go to Target and buy a similarly priced vacuum that will do the same trick .
 Comes with a snatch block and remote , which is better than the original SW remote , which is like the warn winch remote.My old SW 9000 had smaller cable , but this cable was too damaged after using it 4 times . As usual all the anchors I have are off thee side of the trail ; trees . It is now all kinked and the wire splitting . the other negative is the little plastic cap over the remote plug broke off . another negative is that it is too hard to pull the cable out on free spool . I have done allot of winching so I know what I am saying here . it also did not match up to my winch plate so I had to drill new wholes for it.I do not recommend this winch
 I ordered this according to the picture which is of another product . I know is patially my fault for not reading the caption but I was in a rush . I ' t been a few weeks now and they still hav n't corrected the problem .
 the winch is great but do not buy it from Amazon !!!!! they do not back up what they are selling . They say the snach block is a standard feature but they do not send it and trying to get it is impossible enless you send the whole winch back and then there is no guaranty it will come in the next order after all that .
 It does not pull its rated load . Its been four months and it still works , but if you are searching for a specific load calculate about half of what they claim . This unit is more designed for pulling a small 3000 lb car rolling in neutral up a low ramp . If you need more than that go elsewhere
 Very disappointing performance ; I purchased this collector as a direct replacement for a Shopsmith collector rated at 330 cfm because I wanted improved performance . It 's connected to a 20 foot long 4 inch diameter PVC manifold with long radius taps along its length with only one connected at a time.Because the Delta 50-850 is rated at 1200 cfm I expected better ; it does n't even inflate the upper bag fully . I called Delta Service and was informed that Delta rates their unit as a bare blower only-no intake pipe or bag ! Further , I was told that I was foolish to expect good performance unless used with only one woodworking machine -LRB- which I do -RRB- and with a hose length of 6 feet or less -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- . Perhaps I am supposed to be happy with the extra noise it provides rather than better sawdust collection than the Shopsmith 330 . I would not recommend my ... mistake to others .
 Disappointed , but Delta rectified the problem . They do stand by their products . I own a lot of Delta woodworking equipment . I have a 10 inch Unisaw , 14 inch Bandsaw , 8 inch jointer and 13 inch planner , a Drill press , a Belt/disk sander , jigsaw , mortiser etc. and I love them all . The Delta 50-850 has been a nuisance . The 1 1/2 hp 3450 rpm Tiawan motor keeps burning out starting capacitors . No , I do not overload it and I have not had any jams . I have replace three capacitors since I bought it in late 1997 . The capacitors sell for less than $ 10.00 . On my last visit to my motor service/repair shop -LRB- fall of 2003 -RRB- I observed an identical Delta 50-850 in for a total motor rebuild . I was advised that chronic capacitor failure is often due to a faulty switch inside the motor . My dust collect has just burned out another capacitor -LRB- June 2004 -RRB- . If you visit the Delta repair parts WEB site you will find they want $ 310.00 plus shipping for a new motor . Would a new Delta motor be any better ? That is more than a whole new dust collector from the AMAZON.com . The good news is that even though the machine was made in 1997 , Delta stood by thier product and will replace the motor !
 I bought this dust collector in November . It 's now mid-January , and I have not yet used it . When first tested , it promptly blew four 20 amp slow blow fuses in succession , on a circuit that I have used for many , more powerful tools . I took it to a Delta repair shop . After five weeks , I got it back with a new motor , at no cost . It still blows fuses . I called Delta 's `` hot line '' , and was told that a 20 amp circuit is not enough . They recommend 30 amps , or re-wire it for 220 volts . I think I now know why it wo n't start . The impeller -LRB- fan -RRB- is a massive thing , rather crudely rivited together from heavy sheet steel . It has so much inertia that the motor ca n't get up to speed before the fuse blows . Aside from the motor loading , I question the use of steel in a fan that would be expected to handle wood dust and metal particles , due to the potential for creating sparks/explosions .
 I have heard on the news that companies often pay people to write glowing reviews of thier products and after reading these reviews I would have to be very suspicious . Nobody would really write this kind of crap . None of these five star reviews seem genuine . Who do they think they are kidding ? In this case I am only left with a disgusting feeling of never wanting to buy anything from Delta .
 First the positive ... This machine really moves the air . No matter how many shavings I make , they disappear immediately . My title for this review is probably too negative , but I could n't resist.On the down side , there are several problems . First of all , the machine is shipped set up for 115 volts , but after less than an hour of use it started blowing its built-in circuit breaker on start up . The house wiring is fine - all brand new and to code or better . I ended up switching to 230 volts , and the problem was solved . It 's not hard to do , but wo n't help you if you do n't have a 230 volt outlet where you need it . Second , this thing makes the air in the shop much dirtier than when using no dust collection at all . It is so bad that it leaves a sawdust-colored patch on the wall by the upper collection bag . I have to wear a dust mask even if the work I 'm doing makes only big shavings and little dust . After all , it 's the fine dust that is the most dangerous for your health . The finer bag they do n't include is well over $ 100 . Third - the band which secures the lower dust bag is n't very finely adjustable . I had to experiment with folding over the edge of the bag different numbers of times until I could get the band to close and not leak even more dust . Fourth - the unit sometimes makes a squealing sound which goes away if I bang on the impeller housing . Not a good sign . My fifth and last item is not really a complaint about this product , but be warned that moving so much air is noisy . This thing is a whole lot louder than my 3 HP table saw .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 The concept of a charcoal filter clearing the air while using solvents sounds nice , but in practice it is ineffective and expensive . I used mine while working with contact cement and now the thing smells like contact cement . I suspect it is saturated , and without any way to purge it , is no longer any good . Additionally , while working I was much closer to the contact cement than was the filter , so whatever got to the filter had to pass by me first . Well , I also wore a charcoal filter mask and I think that is the way to go . You only filter what you breath and the filter is between the solvent and you -- a much cheaper and effective solution . I would put my money there not in this device .
 I wrestled with this thing for an hour before putting it back in the box and returning it . It does n't lock . What a disappointment .
 We ordered this rod to hang a blackout curtain in our bedroom without damaging the walls . It looked plenty sturdy to hold one width of -LRB- somewhat heavy -RRB- fabric . Sadly , while the length does vary between 37 '' and 63 '' , we could n't lock it at just any width -- 46 '' for our window did n't work . My husband tried duct-taping it , which lasted for maybe 1 1/2 months , but it 's fallen down . We 'll find some other type of rod to replace it .
 I had to hold the object I try to glue together for a long 5 minutes , and it doens ' t stick ! so I make a test on a separate piece and found out ... This glue ca n't even glue regular ass papers together ! the only thing it 's capable of gluing is its own dispenser cap .
 I was recommended this glue for mosaic and it does work well if you are gluing glass on wood . If you are gluing glass on glass it DOES not dry clear as the manufacturer says . I was very disappointed with that . I will use it when gluing on wood .
 I recommend that you purchase larger sizes of this glue . The glue is a very good all purpose glue but in the small containers it gets clogged and is not easily dispensed - in fact I had to remove the cover to use it .
 My picture bracket fell down so I tried this stuff . I waited the recommended time then put my breakfast tray up . It fell down right away .
 This is a situation where you have yo buy a poorly designed product because there is no alternative . Do n't get me wrong the sander itself is fast , great for removing old paint from tight places like shutters . But the seam on the belts almost always breaks before the grit even starts to wear out . I suspect the glue is affected by temperature as the plate gets very hot at higher speeds . Only at the lowest speeds does it seem to last . I wish I could buy a sanding sleeve and cut it down , but the Bosch belts are metric . Bosch should obviously redesign their seam , maybe in a zig-zag rather than plain diagonal , and absolutely change to a glue or tape that is unaffected by heat .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 If you sell the machine , you have to sell the various grinding wheels . I use my tools for a long time , and ca n't afford to buy from an company that does n't care about customer service . I 'm going to buy elsewhere until I can get essential parts for a machine I bought only last year .
 Both sets of these that I 've received have been dull and chipped up . The square chisels were okay but the bits looked like someone tried to go through hardened steel with them.Everything appeared to be packed very safely with the chisels all individually wrapped , so it would seem that bits were put in the box dull to begin with . Or improperly manufactured.For this price , I would expect much better quality control . This is a major disappointment and these will have to be returned .
 Nice looking but comes with cheap plastic threads on the drain . Do n't buy if you want quality . This thing is a cheap POS !
 We replaced one bathroom faucet with the intention of replacing the rest later , however the first one we replaced broke within a few months . The metal in the handle broke . I expected more out of Moen .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 I have a small office with 4 staff and we had the tenant improvments done just 18 months ago and needless to say , the toilet seat snapped right in half on one of the arms tonight without any pressure . I do n't think I have ever seen a toilet seat break like that . They obviously use a cheap plastic when molding them . I would not recomment this seat although it is the only one I have been able to find to replace it with unfortunately .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 When I first took it out of the box , I had to double-check that I was shipped the right vise . The casting of both halves was so mismatched , I thought it was a cheap knock-off . There was so much polyurethane on the wooden dowel handle that I could n't fit the caps on without splitting them - I had to sand the finish off first.The quick-release feature was fun the first couple of times I used it , but it quickly became a pain . A half turn back releases the outer jaw so it can be pulled out or pushed in . But it does n't slide very easily and the half turn does n't fully release the work . And , of course , continuing to turn out does n't do anything because the gear mechanism has released . I eventually `` fixed '' it by drilling and tapping a threaded hole into the quick-release gear from the front while the gear is engaged . A screw in this hole will jam up against the inner jaw and prevent the quick-release gear from doing its job .
 I was very disappointed when I opened up the box and inspected the vise . The castings were of poor quality , the front jaw was displaced about 3/16 '' to the left of the rear jaw when closed , and when viewed form the top the jaws were not parallel when closed -LRB- 1/16 '' off -RRB- . In addition , the quick open/close feature did not work well . When you consider the high cost -LRB- money -RRB- of this vise , it is just unacceptable . I have since returned it to Amazon.com for a refund .
 I purchased this vise when my trusty old Record finally died . Since I have quite a few tools made by Adjustable Clamp Co. -LRB- Jorgensen , Pony etc -RRB- which are great , I figured this vise would be in the same league-WRONG !! Problems started from day 1 . I was sure it was an optical illusion that the jaws seemed so misaligned and out of square and that a good installation would correct any percieved malady - WRONG AGAIN ! The machining was so poor on this unit I had to shim both jaws to get this thing to clamp anything parallel . Acme screw was machined by a gorilla . The quick release is anything but unless you like fiddling around for the `` sweet spot '' . Another wonderful feature of this baby is that caps on the handle love to fall off at the worst time . I finally got so irritated with them that I screwed them on and of course over time the cap split so I replaced it w / a pipe.I 'm sorry I waited so long to install this 'cause otherwise I would 've returned it . Pretty much a boat anchor at this point . Boy do I miss my old Record .
 The Jorgensen 41012 vise I ordered was delivered in the manufacturer 's original box without any packing or padding . Needless to say , the vise bounced around inside the too large box and the casting was broken . Amazon 's return screen was n't functioning and I could not get a return label . After a flurry of e-mails , I was told that they could not authorize a UPS pickup and they were mailing me a return label so I could take the vise to a UPS pickup site.Meanwhile , I had ordered the smaller version of that vise on the premise that it was lighter and smaller and so would n't be damaged by shipping . It arrived similarly without any padding , in a damaged manufacturer 's carton , and the bag containing the handle parts , screws and instructions was open . One of the end caps was crushed and most of the screws were gone . After scavenging a new end cap and screws from the vise to be returned , I convinced the UPS driver to take back the return item.It is obvious that neither Amazon nor Jorgensen & company really care about delivering a product of this kind in good condition . The only way I would buy a Jorgensen product by mail order is if it was on a C.O.D. basis -- if you do n't keep it , you do n't pay . If this would not be do-able , I would buy from a more reputable competitor .
 Had one on my belt sander and the glue let go after using it for 2 minutes . Figured well its been on there a while so I am going to put a new one on . That one did not last 3 minutes and the glue let go as well . They are using a very inferior glue on their products and I will not buy that again . : -LRB-
 This sander is not much of a work horse . I sanded about 30 boards and the cheaply made pad already wore out . Which became a big problem due to the fact that the screws holding that pad down are not inset in the unit , resulting in gouges in the wood . Very disappointed .
 I bought a new Bosch belt sander and used the one belt that came with it till it was almost smooth . It worked great.I bought two boxes of the 3M purple belts when I bought the sander . I put one on and in less than 5 minutes the belt broke where the tape was.Put another one on and it did the exact same thing . Put a third on and made sure I was n't pressing on it or doing anything wrong and in less than 5 minutes it broke . I put the `` almost smooth '' belt back on to finish the job . One thing that I noticed was that the belt that came with the sander was overlapped and taped and the purple 3M was butted up and taped . It broke on the tape line every time . The tape seemed thin . The abrasive on the paper was file , no complaints there at all . The tape that holds it together broke every time . Maybe I got a bad batch or something but it did n't hold up like the belt that came with it did .
 I ordered 60 grit sanding belts , but received 80 grit sanding belts . The outside of the box in which the five belts were packaged said 80Y on one end and 60Y on the other end . First time I have received an incorrect item after ordering through Amazon after many , many years . Will keep the 80 grit sanding belts as I can use them . Just wo n't be as fast as the 60 grit . Will not order again because I do n't need another box of 80 grit sanding belts and would n't trust them to get it correct this time as the box is not labeled correctly .
 Out of the box of 5 belts , 2 had failed within a few minutes of use -LRB- tape holding the belt together came apart -RRB- Contacting 3M resulted in a fast reply but they just passed the buck to Amazon.comAmazon.com did nothing to help me other than to waste my time discussing the problem on the phone . I will never buy 3M sanding belts in the future as I need quality/reliable sanding belts
 $ 6 per belt w / shipping ! That 's four times what I now pay , and these do not last any longer than any other aluminum oxide belt . They do track very well on my Bosch sander .
 I bought these discs because they were a great price but having used them now I am finding they wear out super fast . I went through 3 discs just cleaning up the top of a table that was not too rough to begin with . The grit on the discs disappears and leaves the paper smooth after a few minutes of use . They did the job in the end but my more expensive discs last longer and do n't wear out as fast . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The reviews said the Mirka discs lasted a long time . They would if I could get them to stay on the sander . I have used many different brands of discs and have never had this problem before . The velcro on the back seems to be very thin and seems to stay on the sander about 15 to 20 min . If you take one off to change grit , it wo n't stay on at all if you try to use it again . Bad product .
 I made a mistake and bought boxes of fifty of most grits because the vendor at a show had limited selection . They do not cut very long . As another review said , they cut great for a short while , then quit , then swirl mark . The vendor said , they are designed for that , use it and change it . Great for Mirka , if you keep buying their product.I find it is a lot of time wasted stopping several times per piece to change the paper . And you can have alternating areas of well sanded and poorly sanded wood . This can show up when its too late -LRB- finishing -RRB- . Will buy a better brand next time . There are several other brands that are much better for little to no extra cost .
 You get what you pay for . I used these pads primarily on red oak . I know from experience the cutting diminishes quickly with hard woods , but I never expected this . The 80 grit pads wore down literally within 30 seconds of sanding . The 220 grit lasted somewhat longer . I 'll go back to my old brand .
 I have used similar Norton disks before and decided to try these because it looked like a good deal . However , while these Mirka are slightly cheaper than Norton , they are no-where near the quality -- Norton last 5 times longer than Mirka .
 It seems as though these discs do n't last as long as the editorial sais . You 'll need to buy twice as many to get the job done . I might of got a batch from a bad lot , but I think I will stick with Norton from this point on . I am very disappointed in these discs .
 I used several grits of this brand sanding disk with my heavy duty Bosch sander - at high speed the hook and loop backing would separate from the sandpaper in short order - I returned them all . Maybe with a lower powered sander they would be OK , but they sure did n't work for me .
 The Mirka sand paper is a lower cost lower quality sand paper . The saying you pay for what you get is very true here . Some times you need a lower quality paper .
 This paper did not last long compared to the gator brand at Lowe 's . Plan to trow it out fast , it does not last long and seems thin , and I think it wears out my sanding pad faster , I had to return it and after paying for shipping back , I 'm still glad I got rid of it .
 These disks come without a paper backing ! Instead , some idiot decided that they should be continuously joined with a 2 '' wide strip of plastic . Incredibly poor idea . So dust get all over the unused ones , or , as I tried , I put them in a zip-lock , which just made the last one , the one you want , stick to the bag . Awful , awful , awful !!!
 I used Gorilla Glue to glue coils of rope together to create a basket . It held superbly once I wised up and spritzed the rope with water -LRB- like the instructions say you should ... ahem -RRB- . I let it dry overnight and it has held incredibly well . It did bubble up and expand a bit , but this was fine for me . What was NOT fine for me , is the way it will NOT get off my hands . The glue has this creepy oily texture that combined with the gorilla branding really grosses me out . When I tried to wash it off my hands initially , it got only stickier which was a bit unnerving , although in retrospect unsurprising since the glue requires surfaces to be wet so that it can bond correctly . Washing my hands in acetone did not work , washing them in soap and water did n't work , and waiting for them to dry so that I could peel the glue off -LRB- like you might for elmers -RRB- did n't work . The only thing that has worked moderately was SOAKING them in warm water and soap for about 5 minutes . That got rid of the stickiness thank god . What remains however , is this odd , powdery hand-feel that I can not shake ! It feels sort of like your hands feel the minute you remove latex gloves -LRB- which I should have worn in the first place -RRB- , but it wo n't go away and it 's been almost 24 hours . I just scrubbed with powdered ajax -LRB- some online forum recommended a gritty soap -RRB- and that helped a LITTLE , but the creepy feel remains . Moral of the story
 I tried this glue because my titebond had expired and the shop I was in didnt have titebond . I do not work for any glue company - just have used stuff in the past and it worked . The Gorilla Glue failed . I used it to bond small peices of metal like I had with Titebond many times without issue . The Gorilla cured for 48 hours . After which , I took the peices apart with normal movement . They just fell apart . Some people think they know everything and will blame my technique but its real simple . The glue didnt hold . . The remaining Gorilla Glue residue was easy to clean off anyway - it flaked right out of the joint . I redid the joint with epoxy and its fine now.Gorilla is going back to the store for a refund . Got ta let merchants feel the pain of selling crap . To much politics these days with stores only having certain brands.To my knowledge the titebond poly and gorilla glue are the same animal . One works the other doesnt . That aint technique - that 's fact .
 I usually use Titebond , but , because of some rave reviews , I decided to try the Gorilla Glue . I went to it because I heard it gives you more working time . But after glueing up some boards , I gave them a test and found , to my absolute dismay , that I was able to pull the boards apart after the gorilla glue was dried ! This is not supposed to happen . The directions tell you to moisten the surface first , which I did , but still , the bond was not strong enough for my taste.Also , the glue is IMPOSSIBLE -- and I repeat -- IMPOSSIBLE to clean off your hands . You MUST wear rubber gloves if you use this stuff . I got some of this glue on my hands when I used it , and it literally took a week of scrubbing every day before it was all off . This would be OK if the glue was really outstanding , but I have my doubts.I have decided to return to Titebond .
 I tried this glue next to Titebond . I glued 1 piece of Poplar to another piece of Poplar with each glue . Two hours later I tested both bonds . The Titebond held , the wood split . The Gorilla Glue did not hold , it pulled loose form the other piece of wood leaving a slick spot where it had dried .
 used this to jack up a wall in my garage . the tool says specifically to not jack up structures , but it 's a 4 ton jack and it was one wall on my garage and i used two of these so i did n't see an issue . worked well . next day one of the jacks has a pool of hydraulic oil under it . guess i busted a seal or something , now i do n't trust it anymore . the other one is fine and they worked well when they worked . 2.5 stars.edit
 When my old Sears vac died , I decided to try the Shop-Vac 610 - it looked strong and the stainless steel tank looked like it would last forever.One thing I neglected to check on was POWER . This machine is light duty , and I should have known the small hose size was indicative of its capability - it is not nearly as powerful as the old , noisy Sears unit.If anyone will make me an offer for this unit , I would like to upgrade to something that really performs like a shop vac should .
 I have had this shop vac less than 3 months and the front casters have broke . One of them has been totaly destroyed . It -LRB- the -RRB- shop vac has not been abused at all . The other day I noticed that the shop vac was moving poorly on my drive way . So I checked it out and found that one of the front casters was totaly broken . How do I GET new casters for this shop vac . model #LPV 550 / 16gal , 5.5 hp . I went back to Lowes and bought a new set of casters but they did not fit . Please Help . thanx
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 This product did not do what I thought it was going to do . Unable to remove ink from the dolls I am working with . I was very disappointed in this product and would not order it again
 When you buy stainless fasteners you usually get not only better material but overall better quality parts . This is not the case with this set . The washers are unusually thin and poorly punched/machined . They have a smooth side and a side with a raised lip along the edge that may dig into the face of your project . The lock washers seem OK .
 I purchased these washers from another source and am here on Amazon looking for a better alternative.As indicated by the previous reviewer , the flat washers are poorly produced -LRB- but at least they work to some degree -RRB- . The split washers lose their spring when tightened and thus do not serve their purpose at all .
 When I recieved this product , it came with a faulty pH probe and the cost of the chemicals to maintain the probe are n't worth it . I couuld n't get reliable pH readings with this product . Local stores in my area no longer carry this brand of pH meter due to similar complaints .
 This meter is a piece of junk . It fluctuates between 5 and 14 ph when you are testing , if you move at all it wont give an accurate reading , and the calibration is difficult . You would be better off guessing the ph rather than using this .
 Super Hook No Tools Needed ! Holds up to 80 lbs . ! Although my cousin has been singing the praises of this item since she had her son hang some mirrors , photos and other things for her ; they do not work if you live in a house that has old walls . You need to have dry walls . The old walls are too hard for the hooks to penetrate . We have one room in the house where the walls are new and can be used . Too bad . I was looking forward to the ease of them . My cousins ' son said do n't buy anything else and he intends to throw out any of the old hangers that he has . Both my cousin and her son have fairly new homes with new walls . They give a 5 star rating , of course.Waiting to move to as home with new walls !
 Cheap imitation of the brand ones . They dont `` lock '' into the wall like the Monkey ones and just sort of flop around . I do n't feel comfortable risking my pictures to these . Kinda surprising since both are just bent pieces of metal , but these do n't have the same bends that create the secure `` locking '' .
 I tried using these , but they stick out from the wall . I had to bend a couple to get them more flush . I would n't purchase these again .
 The hooks were awful ! They kept turn around once you punctured them into the dry wall . They were loose so , they could n't hold anything .
 I tried this item on a queen size Tempur Pedic mattress and the mattress was to thick to get this product around it and carry it . It appears it may work well enough for thinner mattress .
 Item arrived as promised but the screws were not properly collated and frequently jammed my Quick Drive Gun . I wasted a lot of time and many screws due to this condition . I have used this Quick Drive Gun for many years and this is the first time I have experienced any problem with the collated screws .
 All the blades fell apart and landed down into the machine I was working on . Happened the first day I used it . No more china made tools for me
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 I ordered this product , Plastic -LRB- pipettes -RRB- - Set of 12 , and according to the product picture I am ordering plastic pipettes . I received glass droppers with rubber bulbs , with a much lower volume than your standard pipette . This is not what is pictured in the product picture .
 Sent glass pipettes instead of plastic as stated in description . Did not respond to email inquiry and request for replacement/exchange . Frustrating .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 I 've used enough command hooks in my life , I actually follow the directions . I apply it , I let it sit , I do the whole thing . I followed those same instructions . I was hanging this on our bathroom door as a temporary hook until we could decide on a more permanent rack to put on the door . It fell down within 48 hours of me hanging the first item on it . It was a towel , a rather thin Kohls towel . Obviously I 'm not satisfied . Clearly it was n't water-resistant enough to muscle through my steamy bathroom holding a thin towel .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 Used this product on our glass-topped outdoor patio table . It worked well for about a month , then the table and leg I had glued came apart again . I will have to keep looking for a better product
 I purchased this to reattach the stem on a drinking glass that had broken very cleanly . The surface area where the break occurred was large -LRB- the size of a penny or so -RRB- and the break had been so clean that the surface was perfectly smooth on both sides of the break.I prepared the surfaces according to the instructions , followed them to a T , and it appeared to be fixed . Three days later , it broke off again . So , I started over , re-did everything exactly as it said to again , and again it broke off after a few days.I can not imagine something actually lasting through the dishwasher as this alleges you could wash something in the dishwasher after using it to repair a break.i will likely try it again at some point when I have a chance , but thus far I have no confidence in this product .
 I purchased this to try to glue a piece of glass that had broken off a small replica of a gondola purchased in Venice . Unfortunately , it did not do the job , perhaps because the break was in a spot with insufficient surface area for the pieces to adhere .
 I used it on a glass figurine and it would not hold at all . Tried it twice , its no better than superglue on glass
 In the description it states a pack of 20 . I thought this was a tremendous deal . So I order 3 packs . They showed up today and it is actually a pack of 2 . Not a deal at all . I can buy them locally cheaper when you add in the shipping cost .
 We have used this particular screw for several years in our business.It is used in a very specific manner and these screws just receivedare not the same , and are adversely affecting our product . The threadsdo not go all the way to the base of the head of the screw as they should ; instead there is a space . We will have to find another outlet for thescrews we need .
 this cap does not fit tight and lets air in and out and does n't let the water lock do it 's job ... i 'm really disappointed in this product
 I have two carboys , one is 6.5 gallons and the other is 6.1 gallons . When fitted on either of them , this lets CO2 escape through the bottom of the cap , rather than directing it through the fermentation lock I have fitted onto the top . That means that when fermentation is done -LRB- or before it begins -RRB- and there is no more positive pressure from inside the carboy , air and other contaminants can get into the carboy and cause infections . It 's also harder to judge visually when fermentation is occurring and when it has ended . This product is a good idea in theory , and I was looking forward to an easier way to start a siphon , but not sure it would work even for that because of the looseness of the fit . Not happy with my purchase .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 The title does not match the photo or part of the description . I bought another brand
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Unit cuts out with pause in conversation . This means you constantly tap phone or blow into it to keep unit running . Trashed it .
 I purchased this to use on phones that we use in an area that has a lot of background noise . The phones and lines are old and we have a hard time hearing customers . However , this amplifies the noise and static on the phone also so they do not work for our situation .
 The product did n't work , pure and simple , on my phone , installed exactly per the instructions . Lights up -LRB- so the battery 's good -RRB- but there 's no difference in the sound level .
 I purchased this adapter to produce more volume for my phone , but what 's not listed on the tech specs or product information on their website is that this adapter requires a special telephone cord connector that 's REALLY difficult to find . What you need is a 4-pin connector , but not just any 4-pin ; you 'll need a non-standard , smaller , and narrower one to insert into the adapter . Radio Shack does n't carry these in stock , unless you want to buy the cord and the connector separately and then crimp your own cord -LRB- I would not recommend this unless you like electrical hobbies -RRB- . If you can find a non-standard 4-pin telephone cord -LRB- smaller , narrower size -RRB- , you 're in luck . If not , I surely hope you do n't wast $ 5 returning this like I am ! Buy the Ameriphone instead .
 I did read reviews before purchasing this for my mom 's phone , as she is hard of hearing , but thought I would take a chance that it would work . Once installed , it had alot of static , and the next day , the battery was already worn down.I elected not to return , due to cost of returning , and no guarantee that I would get my initial purchase price back . Seller indicated that if they determined it to be not defective , no refund , they would just return it . I understand that , but regardless , it did not work on the phone we tried to use it on.Maybe it depends on the phone you use it on . I was aware that it will not work on phones with keypad in the handset , which this was not .
 We bought this for my father so we could cprrespond with him on the phone as we live a long distance from him . He has very poor hearing and this did not work for him , all he heard was noise . It may work for others who do not have serious hearing impairment but did not work for us .
 THE AMPLIFIER NOT ONLY DID N'T WORK WHEN CONNECTED TO MY PHONE , BUT IT CAUSED ALL THE OTHER PHONES , IN MY HOUSE , TO NOT WORK . WHEN DISCONNECTED , THE REST OF THE PHONES IN THE HOUSE WORKED NORMALLY .
 I purchased the HA40 telephone amplifier from Amazon and it cam with a 9 volt battery . I put the battery in and it was working great on a Friday . Well come Monday morning , it was dead , so I figured the battery was old so I got some durcell -LRB- 5 year -RRB- batteries . I put a new battery in and now it is Friday again and it is dead again . So a brand new battery lasted only 3 days since I put it in on a Tuesday . It has a boost button with a light and that light stays on all of the time . I suspect someting is wrong with this unit . I have emailed Amazon to see if they will replace the unit . I guess we will see what results I get from them .
 There are a lot of 5-star reviews for this product , but it did n't work for me . My wife is very hard of hearing . We have one Clarity phone with bass boost , and she loves it . So , I thought I 'd try this amplifier instead of buying another amplified phone system . This way we could use it at home and easily take it with us if we traveled anywhere . There was incredibly loud feedback when the phone was first answered . That could have been due to our DSL line , but with/without phone filter , it did n't work . Also , in order to use the `` boost '' function , the button has to be pushed and held down while listening and then released when talking . It eliminates background noise by shutting down the telephone microphone , so the hard of hearing person has to keep their thumb on the boost button -- press , release , press , release -- throughout the telephone conversation . Kudos to Amazon for their return policy .
 Until I purchase a new phone with the key pad located in the base rather than in the handset , I will not be able to test this item.Unfortunately this is not noted in the description of the item . One has to carefully read the package instructions to determine why the amplifier does not work on a phone with the key pad in the handset .
 Warning - This amplifier can not be used to supplement a hearing aid . Feedback is intolerable . And the product can not be returned !
 Bought this to help me answer phones at work as I am hard of hearing . Worked better than the round amplifier that covers the hearing part of the phone but this device quickly showed it 's limitations . To save battery it shuts off when there 's silence . I have to listen to clients tell me about a problem and the device shuts off because I am not talking . Then I ca n't hear the customer talking either ! Have to tap and fuss with it to turn it back on - often the customer is still talking during all this time I am trying to get it to turn back on . Turned out to be dangerous with customer relations as I often missed several differnet parts of the conversation .
 I Bought this Telephone Amplifier as an aid to hearing conversation better.The sound level on my end was fine but not clear . The tone control was about useless . People on the other end of the phone could barely hear me . It was certainly a disappointing unit.I Had to return it.Thanks Amazon for your excellent return service .
 I was so excited to get this item . However , when it came we could not hook it up to the phone . The plug in -LRB- where the phone cord goes -RRB- was too small for the cord on my phone . We went looking all over for a cord that would fit . Ended up buying a new phone set . Then it did n't work . Wonder if it 's because my phone line comes through my internet box .
 I purshased this product for my mother ... It give a loud buzzer when we put it in the lower volum for us to us the phone normally ... . it sometimes gives the same buzzer when my mother use it ... I tried a lot to catch when it do and when it work nicely but I failed . . It ends up with me disconnecting it from the phone and leave it aside ... . I lost my money in this useless product
 The unit I got was defective , it would n't work at all . They promised to send me another unit but they have n't . It has been a month and I am still waiting . I want a refund ! .
 Did not work with my phone . Could n't get a refund , because package was damaged . How r u supposed to see if something works without opening package .
 These things did not work on either my wall phone or on my princess-type phone . One resulted in dead air ; no connection at all , and the other created nothing but a shrill whistle . I have no idea why they did not work . The enclosed literature did n't offer any clues . So I sent them back . I truly needed a product that raised the volume on incoming phone calls but these left me sorely disappointed .
 I bought two of these and installed them on different phones in different locations . They do magnify the sound but also give a ringing feedback when you pick up the phone which the caller also hears . If you turn down the volume . . guess what ... no amplification!I took them off . Not worth the inconvenience , in my estimation .
 This was not made known that you need phone that does not have buttons to dial out on receiver . So I am unable to use it until i can buy a new phone
 This amplifier will not work with any phone that has dialing buttons on the handset . You do n't find that out until you read the instructions that come with the phone . It should be mentioned in the product description . How many phones today do n't have dialing buttons on the handset ? I have 5 phones in my home and they all have buttons on the handset . I am returning this product to Amazon for a refund .
 This amplifier can not be connected to the phone of an elderly relative who is hearing impaired . The next time I visit her I will try to find a way to connect it .
 The amplifier and battery arrived quickly . The battery was new and strong ; however , the amplifier did not work . The only time I could get any discernable audio to the telephone handset was when the amplifier volume was at its lowest setting . At all other settings the audio was completely cut-off . The shipper sent a postage-paid return label and I 'm hoping to receive soon the replacement amplifier . The instructions are very comprehensive and detailed . One week after the shipper received the returned amplifier I am waiting for the replacement to arrive .
 I hooked up the machine and it did n't work at all . No adjustment whenI tried to move the dials to increase or decrease the volume . I went withanother product .
 Web site descriptions claim item works with most home phones . NOT true . Once you receive item and read instructions , you find out that the item will not work with phones where the keypad is in the handset . This is most phones now a days . So it does n't work , and vendors want 20 % restock fee and tracked shipping . You end up losing half the purchase price just to return it .
 I bought this for my father . I connected it according to the directions but it would not work , so I took it home and tried it out . Still would not work . Given some symptoms of other phones in the house I suspect it may have to do with the presence of wireless phones in the house -LRB- my dad had some also -RRB- because connecting this one to the line shut them down . It MAY work for you . I would try to get one to try out first .
 Beware when you buy this item . It may work fine IF you plan to use it with a phone that DOES NOT have the keypad in the handset ! The prod . spec states that it is compatible with most phones , and portable . Upon receiving the item and reading the fine print in the package , I found it not compatible with cordless phones . Prod specs DO NOT tell you that ! Prod . specs are misleading . I will not buy anything from this seller again , due to their misleading info .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 Take a look at the photo . See any orange dots around the top of the black base like the cheaper offers ? Did n't think so . The cone you see is NOT what you get , but has hollow -LRB- not solid -RRB- lugs on the base bottom - a cheap cone by all means . Shipping too expensive to return . Delivered 10 + days late . Pathetic !
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 In addition to other colors , this sealant comes in tubes labeled `` White '' and `` Clear '' . I purchased two tubes at two different stores , both labeled `` Clear '' . When I applied it on the shower stall I was installing , it was obvious that it was not clear but very bright white . The second tube was the same thing . When I called their so called customer service , I was told that it takes `` a few weeks to dry clear '' . Well , it has been a month and the dried product that was supposed to be clear is VERY white . Their customer service is awful .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I read the reviews and was amazed that complaints started way back in 2009 . I had bought this product 3 weeks back from Home Depot and had cleaned out the old grout , scrubbed and dried before applying . I waited 2 days before running the shower and Dap caulk just peeled right off which no caulk I have used done would do the same thing.I went back to Home Depot and was told to wash it real clean and dry it before applying . I went back and follow the instruction and this time I increased the curing time to 4 days -LRB- twice longer than before -RRB- . Still , the caulk peeled right off.I wished I had read the reviews before trying a second time , because it 's a total waste of my time and an insult to the user .
 Was trying to seal a small gap near my shower drain . Like everyone else , following the directions produced absolutely terrible , worthless results . The caulk never cured properly , and dissolved and broke up after about three uses of the shower . Tried it a second time , with predictably bad results . Stay away .
 As others have said . I followed instructions , unfortunately this included removing all old caulking around the tub . As soon as this stuff was exposed to water it came off rather easily . It goes on white and is clear once it 's dry . Well after one shower the entire thing is white again and coming off with a gentle water spray . I am confused why this is marketed as a bath and kitchen waterproof sealant . At least it 's easy to remove
 We bought a tube of this at a local store because it was specifically marketed for `` kitchen and bath '' use , and we figured it 'd hold up well against the rigors of the damp bathroom environment . Not so ! After carefully cleaning , caulking , and waiting for this stuff to cure , my wife and I happily resumed taking showers . Not a week later trouble began
 DAP Kwik Seal for Kitchen & Bath is supposed to be waterproof , but actually it 's not even water resistant . It 's unbelievably bad , and should not be considered for any bathroom or kitchen area . Also , it stinks for 2-3 days after you apply it.I used it to caulk around a toilet base , around a sink , and along a tiled shower edge . I applied it properly , and allowed it to dry for 3 days -LRB- longer than they indicate -RRB- , in dry , warm weather.Around the toilet base in some places there was a 1/8 '' gap , and that was enough for visible shrinkage of the bead -LRB- as it dried up , it became quite concave -RRB- . Around the sink it 's peeling off . In the shower it 's disolving . Everywhere , just cleaning it gently with a moist rag removes some caulk -LRB- as if one were rubbing off powdered chalk -RRB- . A waste of time and effort . Do n't consider any DAP sealants / caulks for places with even the slightest moisture . -LRB- 1 star only because 0 is not an option -RRB-
 Unfortunately I did not read any reviews before purchasing this at my local hardware store . Like others , I followed the instructions for prep and waited 36 hours before showering . The stuff is shriveling up and away from the wall . I have a house load of guests arriving tomorrow and wanted things in ship shape before they come . Now I have to tell them no showers ????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 After three tries , letting it dry for successively longer spans , still would not dry sufficiently . Once it gets wet from the shower , it turns soggy and does not seal . Let it sit for longer than the directions call for -LRB- more than 36 hours -RRB- . I had a similar experience a year ago with this same product , and thought it was probably just a bad batch , but it appears it is a bad formula .
 Unfortunately , Amazon would n't let me rate this product no stars . I used this product in a shower stall . After waiting 2 days for it to cure , I gave the family the OK to use the shower stall while I remodeled another bathroom . After 4 days the caulk turned to mush ! I covered the joints with good old duct tape late at night to buy me some time to go to the store and buy a product that will work .
 My husband just caulked our bathroom shower . We waited 2 days before running any water . As soon as the caulk got wet it turned into mush and began peeling away . It will be going back to Ace . Very disappointing as it was highly recommended at the store .
 I followed the directions exactly and nowhere was it thick at all and waited the 24hours . I took a shower then before I left I checked out the tub and the caulk was flaking off . Maybe I did n't wait long enough ? I removed everything , cleaned it up , applied it and waited one week . After the first shower the stuff was flaking off again . Completely worthless and a waste of time .
 This is a worthless product and a complete waste of time . I used this to re-caulk the bathtub/shower in our apartment 's only bathroom . I never caulked anything before , but I looked up instructions and tips online and followed them carefully . The application was easy and I got a professional looking result using my finger and rubbing alcohol . The first time we waited 24 hours before showering , and the caulk started peeling away within a few days . It was very frustrating!Since I was new to caulking , I decided to give it another chance and re-did the whole project right before a weekend vacation . Even after drying for about 3 days , the caulk once again peeled away from the tub within the week . I am baffled how a product made specifically for kitchens and baths can not hold up to water.I ended up trying the GE Silicon II after giving up on this product . It is a tad more difficult to apply , but it has held up perfectly for a couple months -LRB- and only 24 hours drying -RRB- .
 Lots of prep work and three days without the shower operating just to be on the safe side . The first shower caused the apparently dry seals to ribbon up and pull from the joint . I am beyond frustrated with this product . Do n't use around water .
 Ive been doing construction work and repairs for 10 years or so . Ive done a lot of caulking over years . A lot.Followed the instructions to the letter . Terrible it just washes right off the seam after 48 hours of drying . It goes on too liquidy as well . Im fairly certain they missed a solvent in the factory for curing . Dap has not always done thtis , however their products have often been mixed for me.Fortunately i caut his now . Use only silocone branded products . This is worthless . Not even good for cracks .
 Followed the instructions to the letter -LRB- including in-depth removal of old caulk and cleaning -RRB- . Six months after applying around my tub , it is , literally , falling away from the cracks.UPDATE six months after the Kwik Seal failure : Recommendation
 I purchased this caulk to use around my tub . I also removed the old caulk and cleaned the area , as directed . The caulk was easy to apply . I waited over 24 hours before using the tub . It felt dry to the touch . However , immediately after taking a shower I could see parts of the caulk were peeling up . Other areas would tear apart when I rubbed my finger over it . I removed the caulk , re-caulked , and waited 48 hours ... thinking this would help . Unfortunately , it has n't . This product does not hold up well when exposed to water , even though it is specifically rated for such applications . I spent a fair amount of time on this project and am not looking forward to having to do it a third time -LRB- when I do , it wo n't be with this product -RRB- . The previous reviewer 's caulk failed after 6 months . I 'll be impressed if mine lasts anywhere near that long .
 Last weekend I went to my local Ace Hardware store and they recommended this DAP product to seal our shower stall . I cleaned the surface area as recommended , let , wiped the corners dry , with a compressor blew out any residual moisture and dried everything out . Then I sat for 48 hours of not being used . I them applied this product and we let it dry for 48 hours . It initially looked good , but today after a shower I just happened to touch it with my finger in the corner joints and it just pealed off !!! This product is TOTAL CRAP and GARBAGE ... What a waste of my time to ever use this product.I originally told my father to get me GE Silicone II Bathroom Tub and Tile Sealant , but Ace told him this product . They are SO WRONG . Now it 's got to be totally removed and replaced with some other sealant product like the GE . I am so totally disgusted and highly recommend buyers beware and AVOID this crappy product if you know what 's good for you . This deserves 5 negative stars ...
 This stuff is a joke . Like many other reviews , I followed the instructions to the letter , and probably waited a little more than 24-hours . Before we even showered it was not looking promising and after the shower it was peeling . Wish I would have read these reviews before I put so much effort into this project .
 After following directions , the first exposure to water and the product softened and oozed from where it was applied . Even though the label says Kitchen and Bath , it does not mean that water can come near it without complete failure
 like others said wont hold up in high water areas , left two days for drying . but miniscule amounts saturate in water had to redo shower
 I used it in my shower . Cleaned the shower thoughly . It stretched over a couple of days and came right out of the crack . I tried 6 times . One time I even stayed out of the shower for a week . It came out again . After six months it is getting worse an worse . The entire seal has stretched out . It looks like a ribbon .
 DAP really needs to revise the label on these tubes . Its advertised as kitchen and bath but does not work well in tubs , showers or anywhere that sees a lot of water . After a thorough cleaning , and waiting over 2 days for the caulk to cure , areas of the caulk already started peeling up after the first shower.It works ok on areas like counter tops , around sinks , toilets , and small cracks in walls .
 Since DAP has been around forever I thought any caulk made by them should be at least decent to use after all , WRONG ! this is such a crappy caulk , in certain places around the tub and shower door the caulk will keep peeling , very weird !! it will work fine for a few days or few weeks though
 Would give this zero stars if I could . Installed this product to seal the gap between a bathtub and wall surround on a super clean -LRB- new -RRB- surface . Spent a lot of time making sure the sealant bead was applied perfectly evenly and smooth and then waited at least 24 h before using the bathtub -LRB- as per manufacturer 's instructions -RRB- . One week later , the sealant surface is puckered up an peeling away from wall and tub . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 This item does not match the other Delta products such as towel rod and ring . Do not buy if you want a matching set .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I use my finger sometimes to smooth the caulk into a seam or joint and this DAP caulk is almost impossible to get it smooth . The only way that works a little is to repeatedly wet your finger before trying to smooth the caulk . I have found that GE Silicone caulk works much better from every aspect . If you do the same as I do , then you might want to skip any of the DAP ALEX caulks .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Garbage . Directions look as if they are for a previous model . Poor powdercoating is peeling off . Two different sizes of locking nuts - metric and sae . Not that surdy . Decent wheels and drawers . I would not recommend this product to anyone . When are we going to wise up and start making decent products in America again ! Many screws are bad and metal frames are bent on tips . Look at the picture to assemble the wheels , not the directions .
 It serves its purpose but it 's not very good quality . a button fell off within a week . however , the size was good for me . I 'm 5 ' 10 '' 160 lbs
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 This could have been a nice set , however , it 's usefulness is severely limited by two things . First , the bits do not have a detent in the shaft to lock them into a power driver , so the only way to keep them from falling out is to put them in a magnetic extension , and even then if enough torque is applied to lock them on to a bolt they tend to pull out of the extension . Secondly there is no magnet in the bits to hold a nut while placing it .
 To keep it simple , there are 2 flaws that should convince you to look elsewhere.First , there 's no cutout for locking chucks , so use on 1/4 '' Hex drivers is essentially worthless , -LRB- point it down & the bit falls out -RRB- . For those prone to swearing & throwing things , these are not for you.Second , no magnet , -LRB- no explanation needed here -RRB- .
 Length :
 Total waste of money ! 1/4 '' Hex Shanks are suppose to have a groove in the stem to hold them in place . To short for my cordless drill and does n't hold in my cordless screwdriver . So they are useless to me . Thought I might have something to extend the shank , but no luck
 Wish I had read the other reviews , they do n't have a detent on them so they are useless if you are trying to use them for cordless impact drivers or even a nut driver handle -LRB- I picked them up from the `` Other Customers Also Bought '' link when I bought my impact -RRB- .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 This product is mislabeled . Twice I was sent a tube made from 6063 not 6061 . 6063 is not as strong , or hard as 6061 . Also 6063 does not machine as well as 6061 and is usually much cheaper . The product page needs to be updated to show what is actually being shipped . Do not buy this item if you need need 6061 alloy .
 One might assume that Amazon could correct problems after poor reviews.I just received 6063 square tubing when I ordered 6061 . Amazon , please either train your stockers and/or correct your parts labels.And , as the previous poster stated
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I purchased this jack on 10/27/2003 and the first I got was broken , so I called the company and they shipped me a new one which worked . I thought all was well and that I just got a bad jack the first time around . Last week I went to use the jack and found out that it was now broken as well . This jack was used in a residential setting and it was never abused . It was maybe used 10 times a year . I would expect a jack that costs as much as this one would last longer then 2.5 years . I would avoid this jack at all costs unless you want to have to buy a new jack every few years .
 The inside diameter of this washer is not 1/4 inch.Perfectly good washer , just not the right ID .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I choose to rate this item as 1-star since it came at a much larger size than I wanted . I wanted a 2 &#34; ID instead I got a 3 &#34; ID which is a ridiculous size bigger , when I check my order it says that I did order the 3 &#34; which is completely wrong because I had my measurements all written down when I was ordering . I 'd recommend never purchasing from this company since they will not give you the correct item .
 I simply misunderstood what this product meant by 0-ring . However even given this slight mistake along with a little lubricant this doubles as a great 0-ring stabilizer .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 Hopefully this listing will be updated soon by Tool King . The Amazon description says it is `` made for 5/8 '' stock '' , but the part 's packaging says it is for 3/4 '' . Tool King verified that it is for 3/4 '' . See below : Dear Customer , Please accept our apologies for this correction . We appreciate you very much for bringing this error to our attention and will get this fixed immediately . Upon research , it was determined that the packaging of 3/4 '' stock is correct .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking forward to using this for my project , but after opening it , it smelled EXTREMELY grotesque . I do n't know if it supposed to smell like crap , but I just wasted $ 8 because of that .
 The material is pretty rugged and heavy duty , far stronger than normal duct tape . However , the adhesive is less than what I had expected for the price . I have used it on different types of surfaces and it just did n't hold up . As others have mentioned , a little sunlight or heat -LRB- nothing excessive -RRB- and this will turn into a sticky mess . Any high quality duct tape will easily outperform this tape . I will not be purchasing again .
 I paid over 8 dollars for one roll of this tape because I was moving and I wanted to make sure my boxes were sealed securely . I do n't know if I got a defective batch but about a half hour after taping the boxes -LRB- brand new cardboard boxes made for moving ! -RRB- I walked by a bunch of boxes I had taped closed and the tape was CURLING off the boxes - ALL of them , this tape would NOT stay stuck to cardboard ! I DO NOT reccomend this tape for ANYTHING . It does NOT stay taped - so what good is it ? You 're better off with the dollar store brand - at least it tapes and stays taped ! It 's worse than regular tape .
 Gorilla tape will not even stick to itself for very long ! I tried it to repair broken crayons by wrapping them in it , but the section stuck to its own back let loose in a short time . Other applications soon became unstuck also .
 I did use the Gorilla glue for some home products , and was satisfied . So , when I needed a good strong tape , based upon the product claims , I bought a large roll of this tape.This tape is overpriced for what it does , and 3M exterior tape is much better for less cost . The Gorilla tape is a strong tape , if only used for interior projects , but the sun 's rays negates any holding power of the adhesive if it is used outdoors . The adhesive just does n't stand up to any heat at all . If used outside , it loses its grip and leaves a thick sticky residue on the object that it was supposed to wrap or hold together.I wrapped the wooden handles of my wife 's garden tools , and within a couple of hours in direct sunlight the tape `` let go '' because of the sunlight , leaving a sticky residue that took me quite some time to remove . Cheap silver duct tape holds up much , much better , at less than a 1/3 of the cost , but the fabric falls apart after a while with constant exposure to the sun.If someone would come up with a tape that stood up to the sun , plus did n't rot , I 'd buy it . But I would n't buy a roll of this tape again for any exterior use .
 How funny , i tried AGAIN to use the gorilla tape i had , to stick to brick ... have tried it for concrete as well ... and it not did not stick WHATSOEVER ... i did an internet search after it did not work ... AGAIN . . for tape that stick to brick or concrete . . and was directed here ... maybe it works for somoene . . but i have tried over and over and over . . and this has never worked as billed ... try it at your own expense ...
 I have used gorilla glue and was satisfied with it . So I thought gorilla tape would be a good product also . Boy was I wrong ... I first used it to patch a small tear in a boat shrink wrap . It held good for about 10 weeks , then the adhesive seperated from the backing . The next time I tried to use it was about a year later . The adhesive was completely dried out , and had also bonded to the back of the fabric . The roll was useless . I will use regular duct tape from now on . -LRB- and it 's cheaper -RRB-
 This stuff is really overrated , in fact I tried to use this just as a cover for a bottom inside and outside edge glue seal on a 2001 Chrysler Sebring Convertible glass window and sail canvas top . One that I 've actually repaired three times over the course of ten years when the dealers told me it was impossible to repair.Which is of course what they 'd say when they can send you to their top people and get 600-1200 to replace the thing when the top is still in mint condition.Anyhow what I do is relax the top and glue it with super glue and the glue I 've used successfully twice now is this gorilla super glue , not the brown crud but the clear version and it holds pretty well , but the second and third times the residue is harder to remove and thus a clean seal is n't possible but you can get it to hold it in place and then seal it with I use Walgreens Black duct tape , just a thin 1 '' strip to cover the glue seal to help keep the moisture from beating on the glue over time.It gets ragged after a couple months , I replace the 1 '' strip , like the full stip torn in half down the middle like masking tape size . Works great and actually looks good too / However I could n't get this stuff to stick on that dried glue for nothing , I tried ten feet of it and it would n't stick ! Outside or inside the car . Brutal . Either they made mine in China or what have you or it 's just not as good as advertised.I ended up buying this ` sticky ass glue tape ' which also comes in black and it did the job wonderfully ... in fact is nearly impossible to remove now . Just letting ya know if you too are trying to reseal a convertible top which has a lot a pressure on the seal , this did n't again even cover the dried glue , it just would not stick to it worth a damnnnn . : -LRB-
 this tape is the worst tape i have ever had ... doesnt even compare to military duck tape aka `` 100mph tape '' . . it doesnt stay stuck to anything ... i hate it . . dont waste your money ... dont buy it !
 I bought this tape to try and cover a window that had broken with some screening material.The tape stuck to everything except where I needed it to stick , but it sure did a great job of pulling the paint off the walls . To be fair , I was aware this could/might/would happen to the paint , and was prepared to deal with that issue when the time came , but the tape just kept on coming loose and taking the paint with it -LRB- knockdown finish walls -RRB- . Back to the drawing board until I can afford to replace my windows -LRB- it was n't the glass that broke , but rather , the crank/spring thing a ma jig that opens and closes the window .
 This is thicker than duct tape but does n't seem to be as sticky . I was using duct tape to patch a hole in my convertible top and that had been holding alright . After awhile though , it would come off . So , I bought this and the next day I see areas where the tape has come up . It 's not sticky enough . The area I put it on was clean . Duct tape wins out . I just wish duct tape would n't leave the glue residue when you take it up .
 I bought this tape thinking it would be better than duct tape . It was n't . Yes , Gorilla tape is sticky . And yes , it 's probably stickier than duct tape . But that does n't mean it 's as strong.I taped a plastic crate that I use for hauling packages to the Post Office . The side of the crate had cracked and needed to be repaired . I used a a good three foot strip of tape that extended half way around the crate . After a few weeks of use the tape completely failed - it literally split in two like masking tape . I simply pulled the crate out of the back of my car and one of edges of it -LRB- the crate , not the tape -RRB- caught on the bottom . I tugged a little and that little bit of pressure popped the tape right in two as if it were nothing . I have never seen duct tape behave like this , not once.One more thing - this tape has a horrible odor . Think wet dog or old socks stink . Whatever you use it on will stink for days.Not sure if I just got a bad roll or if other reviewers used the tape for other purposes . But there 's no way I 'd ever buy another roll of this .
 bought this shopvac at Discount Builders in SF . Splurged for a bigger model because the box described it as having a `` powerful blower . '' Great , just what I needed . Took it home , tried it out immediately & was shocked that anything I tried to suck up -LRB- leaves , a nail -RRB- would just get stuck in the tube . This thing was n't strong enough to suck anything other than dust into the main compartment . Tried the blower option & was horrified by the weak output . What happened to the `` powerful blower ?? '' A hair dryer puts out more air . Tried to take it back to Discount Builders 2 hours later & they would n't touch it b/c the box was open . Are you kidding me ? I am stuck with this lemon . Wrote ShopVac & they sent me an automated email telling me to send it in for repair . Yeah , and that will cost me $ 20 + in shipping . I do n't think it 's broken , I think it just sucks -LRB- definitely no pun intended -RRB- . Garbage , garbage , garbage . Do n't waste your money & do n't shop at Discount Builders in San Francisco .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 effective glue , easy to handle being a gel.small amount -- no more than 6 small pea size drops in each tube . Half of the tube is filled with air . I bought 10 and they are all the same-half air.over priced on Amazon . i should have shopped around.available at idealtruevalue for $ .39 each which is where I will buy more . It worked well for my glass to plastic application . I had a 100 pieces to glue and I thought 10 tubes would certainly be enough , but each tube did 2 if I was very careful with the amount .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I just bought a sleeve to use to create cultures of a few different edible mushrooms and to isolate a yeast strain that I use in brewing . I used 10 other Pyrex petri dishes at the same time as a control as well as to have enough dishes for what I was doing . Two days after pouring the agar and all 20 of the plastic dishes have heavy contaminate while the ten Pyrex dishes are perfectly fine . I 've been doing this for years and my sterile technique nor my flowhood is not to blame , these petri dishes were taped shut in a previously open bag and had holes all over the bag.These are far from sterile , buyer beware !
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 These are nice tie-downs -LRB- mine came in blue -RRB- , but , for my Explorer Sprot Trac , if the load extends at at above the bed - they are just too short . I had a rubbermaid trash can standing up , and the strap barely made . If length is not a concern , go for it . For outside tie-downs on a full size pick up - I am not sure they will cut it .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 I guess I am stupid and did not understand the `` case of 6 '' . Add says `` Rubbermaid FG263200 Gray 32 Gallon LLDPE Round Brute Container without Lid -LRB- Case of 6 -RRB- '' . I was expecting a -LRB- case of 6 -RRB- . Only shipped one . I can buy one for much less . Very deceptive add . If they are only selling you one why the confusing -LRB- case of 6 -RRB- ?
 I opened up the vac to dump it and the pre filter was laying in the bottom ! Seems the adhesive is not strong enough to hold it in place . Now what to do , I am thinking maybe rubber bands . Poor quality .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 I have had three of these . The first one that was delivered was a used unit . The second unit had missing pieces . The unit I am now using has worked well -- but before filling the first bag the on/off switch broke . I gave up calling Shop-Vac and had a local vacuum repair shop fix it . If I were designing the unit , I would use hoses that were a size larger . I would also use a pull along design that did not pull away when using . The best part of the vac is the motor . It works as I need it to work . Overall , I give this a `` not recommended . ''
 The Tel-O-Post is designed to allow a user to support in a vertical direction a length of from 5 to 8 feet . Unfortunately the item sent to me was minus three component parts -LRB- the cap plate , the vertical adjustment bolt and two bolts that tie the two Tel-O-Posts together -RRB- . Because of these missing items , I have to give the Tel-O-Post a negative rating .
 Not sharp at all - it just mashes the edges down . Might be usable on softwoods but why would you be countersinking in that case ?
 These are not tool grade ! Not very sharp , not precision machined . You can use it for wood in electric drills , but I would not try counter-sinking in fiberglass . As you know , fiberglass holes should be counter sunk to prevent radial cracking . These sinks are not sharp , nor precision enough to be used for this task .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 For very light duty applications or apparel , this product is ok . However , about 10 % were damaged and bent rendering them limited usefulness . The useful opening is barely 5/32 of an inch and the shoulder would easily pull through most fabric with little force . Definitely a decoration and very light duty low quality product .
 I found this product to be worthless . After I installed them , and flanged as much as possible , they fell out after a couple days . I ended up replacing them with brass rivets and washers .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 This belt was not the right fit , we used the letters and numbers off the belt to place the order ... . but still would not fit it was too big .
 I am an HVAC contractor and check condenser charges multipe times a day . My 971 is off by 4.7 degrees on dry bulb and I now question if the wet bulb reading is correct . I have owned this meter for less that 2 years and I am displeased that it has gotten out of calibration or the capacitance sensor is out all ready . I sent Fluke an email asking what the cost of repair is , have not gotten a reply yet . I must buy another for my business and can not wait for the time span of repair . I am looking at an Extech RH350 . I thought fluke was more dependable and reliable , but i was wrong .
 i am a hvac contractor.i bought this a year or so ago through a wholesale hvac shop . i started having doubts about it bcs i use several fluke 50/2s and a 922 all at the same time and the 971 is always off by five or more degrees . i only use it for wb but like the other reviewer im not sure its correct as the temp is way off when all meters are compared at the same location . i usually get them all normalized for 15 minutes or so in the same place to get them on the same plane . i even compaired them all with the k couple on my digital manifold -LRB- mastercool -RRB- and all jive but the 971 ? if this was a cheap meter i would say `` man i wished i had bought a fluke '' . guess again ...
 Beware buying Fluke products . If you have a part malfunction they will ignore you . They have zero customer service basically just automated email responses that tell you that they have no interest in helping you.I REFUSE TO EVER PURCHASE ANOTHER FLUKE PRODUCT !!!
 This electronic gage has a slower response time to temperature changes than a $ 3 hardware store thermometer . Test Equipment Depot was excellent to deal with , shipped me a second unit , it was unsatisfactory too . T.E.D. refunded my funds in short order .
 I bought this for work and compared to 3m it has two disadvantages . The wax paper it 's on is difficult to remove and it does n't stick nearly as well as 3m tape . Seemed like a bargain but in my use it failed . I wo n't buy it again . It is less than half the price , so if you need to save alot , buy one roll and try it out .
 I tried to order this twice , but both times it arrived with a cracked case . Whether it 's on Amazon for subpar packing or the carrier for unnecessary roughness is of little consequence . If it ca n't hold up in transit , it 's not going to last long on the work site . The tools appeared to be okay , but would n't expect them to last long . Probably a decent set for the casual homeowner with light use , but I do n't recommend this for any serious project . I returned both and went after a DeWalt set that had 10 fewer pieces at the same price point . I figure the difference in quality will far outweigh the quantity .
 Bought this to go with a drill I bought Black Friday . Arrived with the case cracked , and the 1/8 '' bits snapped in half when I tried to use them , to drill through plastic . -LRB- Snow shovel handle -RRB- . Could be user error , but I 'm very unimpressed . I gave a star for quantity
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 The inch graduations are in tenths of an inch . I found this less useful than fractions of an inch or millimetres . Very few plans call for tenths of an inch and almost all tools and bits are measured in fractions or millimetres . So I do n't find many uses for it .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I purchased this about a year ago and , after very light use , the dial will not hold zero.Even moving the caliper very slowly to a fully closed position , the pointer will indicate anywhere from three to five-thousandths of an inch off from what was set at zero.I emailed Chicago Brands and they said that although it could be repaired , the repair would cost more than getting a new one.Seeing how this caliper became absolutely unreliable after light home use , I would n't recommend this to anyone . Precision measuring instruments have to be reliable . Otherwise it defeats the purpose of providing accurate measurements .
 I received this caliper on it 's box and packaged as it says on the description , but as soon as I looked at it , I knew there was something wrong with it . The needle was pointing to about 5 o'clock not 12 o'clock like it 's supposed to . Then I opened it and closed it , and it pointed to 2 o'clock ... it never repeated.It looks like the needle was lose on the pin and just slides on it.I returned it and decided to buy a better one .
 I 'm taking an anatomy and physiology class and thought this would come in handy for somewhat detailed study of bones , their surfaces , and how the bones articulate with each other . If that 's what you 're looking for , let me just say you can do better and for less money.The product image on Amazon is lousy , so let me recommend you do a Google Images search and find some detail on whichever skeleton you 're thinking about getting.Here 's my main dislike of Flexible Mr Thrifty
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Updated
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 It is a nice pad holder but why do they sell it without the stem that goes into the sander ? Do they think we have spare ones hanging around ? 3M 04801105674 4 X 5/8-11 Hook & Loop Disc Pad Holder # 9143M 04801105679 5 X 1/2-13 Hook & Loop Disc Pad Holder # 915
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Gloves are comfortable , and fit well , but their durability is horrible . If its a work glove , one would expect them to be able to hold up to &#34; work &#34; . fingers wear out and split after approx 10 uses .
 Gloves ripped the very first time I used them to do a brake job . Not impressed with these gloves at all . I would have been better off using disposable gloves .
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 Either 1 or 5 Stars . Depends on how you look at it .1 Star because they sent 6 feet of 2 '' OD copper pipe .0 Star because they wo n't accept returns on it .5 stars because I figure it 's actually worth $ 12-15 / foot and since they wo n't take a return I figure I can sell it and make $ 40-50 on this deal
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 Gloves ripped the very first time I used them to do a brake job . Not impressed with these gloves at all . I would have been better off using disposable gloves .
 I had a real heck of a time getting the backing of the adhesive so I could stick this stuff on . I thought I had gotten of the backing on a small piece last week , but when I went to use it again yesterday , I got so frustrated I gave the task to another person . We both ended up deciding the backing was n't able to come off and I was just being sadistic giving this task to her . However on reading the product description again it does say `` self-stick tape '' .
 Starrett is supposed to be the gold standard of straightness , but my 12 '' straightedge started out perfect and then WARPED lengthwise so badly as to be completely unusable.I live in the California Sierra mountains , and that straightedge was exposed to sub-freezing temperatures in my workshop over several years , but I still can not believe that those temperatures made that metal warp THAT profoundly . None of my other tools - Lie-Nielsen planes - were affected in the slightest.I have yet to get an answer from Starrett as to how and why this happened , but I now can not trust Starrett tools to be all that they are sold to be . That is too bad , but honestly this straightedge is warped like a banana . Unbelievable .
 First time out , trying to strip old paint from a retaining wall , center spins free from the pad . Was using it for what it was intended and it does n't last as long as the first resin abrasive disc .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The flow is good from this valve , and the 1/2 turn action is nice.But unless there is a hose attached you wo n't like it . It spurts and sputters.We 'll be replacing it .
 it did not come with attachments as it said it would and it was pictured that way as well . very misleading
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 First time out , trying to strip old paint from a retaining wall , center spins free from the pad . Was using it for what it was intended and it does n't last as long as the first resin abrasive disc .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The od and wall thickness were correct but the ID was much larger than advertised . It will cost just as much to send the item back so it is not worth the effort to ship it .
 The system sounded very convenient . I was willing to deal with not-so-stable drilling . I 'm not that picky - I have really used only one other `` regular '' -LRB- non quick change -RRB- set of drill bits . You can just forget drilling any wood harder than balsa . You can lean into these junkers , does n't matter what you do with torque or speed , they just never go in . Change to one of my `` regular '' bits - it 's like night and day . You would n't believe it if you did n't try it . The bits must be made of the softest , cheapest metal anywhere . I wonder if they were even sharp to begin with . Forget it , spend the money , buy a good brand , buy the accessories separately . This set is cheap , not a good deal . Stay away.The quick change stuff wobbles a lot , I guess one would expect that . It 's workable , not ideal .
 The drivers and accessories are fine , but the drill bits are out of round and of very poor quality . Expected much more from Dewalt .
 I had some older rolls -LRB- as in years -RRB- of this product that I had bought locally from a big box store , which I used occasionally . When my last roll ran out I could no longer find it locally so I ordered them though Amazon . The arrived quickly , but the product is not worth anything . The adhesive will not stick to anything but the smoothest and cleanest surface , much unlike the older rolls I had . Do n't bother buying this product unless you like throwing your money away .
 This product goes up easy and falls right off . Post-it notes adhere better . You ca n't get the paint ready to roll on before the tape is on the floor . It is worthless .
 This tape reflected light very well at nighttime , however it did not have a fluorescent characteristic that would be important during the daytime and which is important to me and I hoped that it would . I continue to look for a tape which incorporates both characteristics .
 This tape is not reflective like a bicycles reflector . It is more like shiny new car paint . Not very reflective at all = /
 I was looking for the kind of tape that reflects light so thoroughly that it almost seems to glow in the dark by itself . This tape unfortunately only reflects quite a direct and bright light so it is not as useful . I have the tape on my canes and walkers to make me more visible to cars . It does some good I am sure , but not as much as I expected .
 Not REFLECTIVE at all , took it out of the packaging , ... and dissappointed with it immediatley.it looks like regular red tape.i 'm returning it .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I 'm 6 ' 8 '' and 325 . These gloves are tight and little hard to get on . As with so many gloves of this style that I have tried on , the size ratings are way off . These equal size `` large '' and NOT 3XL . I am still looking for gloves that fit . The best so far have been from Home Depot for about $ 17 `` FG '' `` All Purpose '' XL are a bit larger than these and are very comfortable to wear all day . Unfortunately they start wearing out after about a month .
 I ordered a xs size . The gloves are tagged with that size but must have been mixed up at factory . I have 4 other pairs if same size but these are quite a bit larger than others . They do not fit correctly . I will not purchase them from amazon again .
 These are great work gloves . They are the closest feeling to working with your hands without gloves . However , they do n't last long . The fingertips of my gloves started to tear after 2 months of intermediate use . If you 're not doing any heavy work that requires heavy duty gloves it might be more economical to buy a box of nitrile disposable gloves .
 I have been using these gloves for the past 6 years . I usually buy 2-3 pair at a time . Having worn out my gloves I wanted to purchase more so i bought these from Amazon . They are NOT the same as the original , the cuff is shorter and the cuff strap is shorter . The result is the glove is not as comfortable . In fact it looks like they have almost eliminated the cuff . They should not be represented as the same as the original glove . It looks like the bean counters have been at work . My fist pair was made in China & the pair I just purchased was made in Vietnam . Will be looking for better quality and fit in the future .
 As far as size goes they are pretty close just a touch small but overall a good fit.HOWEVER they will not last if you do any kind of real work with them after just 2 days using them they began to come apart at the seam . This occurs along the sides of the fingers every time -LRB- my second pair , to make a fair judgement -RRB- and for about 20 bucks a pair they are pretty poor quality .
 This is the first time I 've worn out the velcro patch , before putting a hole in the `` business end . '' The fat piece of rubber gets caught on everything , pulling the glove open and wearing the velcro out . There is n't much to speak of for a wrist cuff , so I found myself pulling the gloves off to remove crumbs more often , wearing the velcro out . Unless you work with your hands pointing straight up , all the time , expect it . Back to the fat rubber strap
 I had a cheap couple of gloves which lasted for about two weeks , so I thought I 'd buy these since they got good reviews . In less than a week my finger tips were coming out because the gloves were getting ripped . I work at a warehouse of a printing company in the shipping department so I handle boxes not knives ... Completely dissapointed wo n't buy this brand again .
 Hole in gloves upon arrival.When checking into return procedures , purchaser had to pay for return postage , restocking fee and postage if item was replaced . Gloves cost around $ 25 and would 've doubled easily through fees + postage . Never again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Hole in gloves upon arrival.When checking into return procedures , purchaser had to pay for return postage , restocking fee and postage if item was replaced . Gloves cost around $ 25 and would 've doubled easily through fees + postage . Never again .
 I had a cheap couple of gloves which lasted for about two weeks , so I thought I 'd buy these since they got good reviews . In less than a week my finger tips were coming out because the gloves were getting ripped . I work at a warehouse of a printing company in the shipping department so I handle boxes not knives ... Completely dissapointed wo n't buy this brand again .
 As far as size goes they are pretty close just a touch small but overall a good fit.HOWEVER they will not last if you do any kind of real work with them after just 2 days using them they began to come apart at the seam . This occurs along the sides of the fingers every time -LRB- my second pair , to make a fair judgement -RRB- and for about 20 bucks a pair they are pretty poor quality .
 These are great work gloves . They are the closest feeling to working with your hands without gloves . However , they do n't last long . The fingertips of my gloves started to tear after 2 months of intermediate use . If you 're not doing any heavy work that requires heavy duty gloves it might be more economical to buy a box of nitrile disposable gloves .
 I have been using these gloves for the past 6 years . I usually buy 2-3 pair at a time . Having worn out my gloves I wanted to purchase more so i bought these from Amazon . They are NOT the same as the original , the cuff is shorter and the cuff strap is shorter . The result is the glove is not as comfortable . In fact it looks like they have almost eliminated the cuff . They should not be represented as the same as the original glove . It looks like the bean counters have been at work . My fist pair was made in China & the pair I just purchased was made in Vietnam . Will be looking for better quality and fit in the future .
 I 'm 6 ' 8 '' and 325 . These gloves are tight and little hard to get on . As with so many gloves of this style that I have tried on , the size ratings are way off . These equal size `` large '' and NOT 3XL . I am still looking for gloves that fit . The best so far have been from Home Depot for about $ 17 `` FG '' `` All Purpose '' XL are a bit larger than these and are very comfortable to wear all day . Unfortunately they start wearing out after about a month .
 This is the first time I 've worn out the velcro patch , before putting a hole in the `` business end . '' The fat piece of rubber gets caught on everything , pulling the glove open and wearing the velcro out . There is n't much to speak of for a wrist cuff , so I found myself pulling the gloves off to remove crumbs more often , wearing the velcro out . Unless you work with your hands pointing straight up , all the time , expect it . Back to the fat rubber strap
 I thought this was the correct reusable filter for the Shop Vac 4 gallon All-Around model . It did n't seem to fit . There 's nothing wrong with the filters . They came on time and have no defects . I probably did something wrong .
 Be advised FWIW , the bulk pack , in no retail packaging filters I received were not Shop-Vac brand as the listing states . Also , despite the company knowing their listing is in error , you will not receive one , let alone the three retaining rings mentioned in the listing . Just a few weeks ago I paid $ 4.40 here on Amazon with Free ship after $ 25 , now they are up nearly 2 bux ... That is simply gouging , and along with poor , snarky QS from Crucial vac , and known product deception , I 'd look elsewhere .
 Go to Harbor Freight to by three bags for less that $ 3.00 . The Shop-vac bags are basically paper circles and not worth the money .
 OK for really small jobs , but the big collection bags are the way to go . These clog up too fast unless you are doing a really small job .
 What I and my husband did not realize is that you must have the foam insert as well to make this product work . It was a low enough price that we chose not to return the item .
 The black filter pictured here is NOT the filter you will receive . I received a filter that was too small for a newer shopvac and tore on trying to put it over the filter it was supposed to protect . This filter is ONLY for the older shopvacs . IGNORE the photo .
 Amazon appears to rotate this item from one retailer to another . In my own case , the filter I received is a generic filter and not as advertised here . This filter is NOT manufactured by Shop Vac . I purchased the Shop Vac wet filter at a store , and it is made from a courser foam material and is a slightly different size . The filter listed here may work , but be aware , it is not made by Shop Vac and is not identical to the real item . The filter I received did work on the newest 16 gallon Shop Vac , but it was a really tight fit .
 I do not advise to purchase this as the product is nothing like in the picture . It is a piece of sponge tape together that breaks open when try to install.I want my money back as this is highway robbery .
 Please note other reviewer comments . This sleeve DOES NOT FIT newer vacuums . Customer service quickly handled my return , and contacted seller to inform them of the problem . Do n't order this sleeve with a new vacuum .
 Nothing like advertised . Does not fit over cartridge as advertised . Amazon needs to quit stating that most buy this with cartridge filter . Waste of time and money .
 It 's not as shown in picture , and seems to be a poor attempt at a clone.It 's a foam tube with one diameter . There is no expanded region at the top.I struggled to fit it over my 12RT300 shopvac cage . It was very tight , but it finally went on , and I was able to put the sheet filter over it.Will not buy again . Will probable try to make one with foam and superglue when this one fails .
 This was a waste of money . It does n't fit on the filter and it tore as soon as I attempted to put it on . You do n't need it to begin with , the bag and the filter do the job fine , I wish amazon had not recommended this item . It was only a few bucks but it left me frustrated and angry .
 One star only because as mentioned by other reviewers this is NOT the right size for 90304 filters . Does n't even come close to fitting them . Ignore the `` Frequently Bought Together '' note from Amazon . It 's bad information . Let me say it again
 purchased this to put around the filter I purchased . When I attempted to put it on the filter the foam began ripping at the seam and as I tried to carefully continue it ripped right in half . Either the sleeve was manufactured incorrectly or it was not the correct one for the product I purchased -LRB- 90304 -RRB- .
 I read the previous reviews before ordering ; noted the bad reviews , then decided I would try the filter anyway since there are a few good reviews . That was a mistake , because the filer 's seam split open during the initial installation just as others have described . This is the correct filter for my vacuum , however it is poorly manufactured . I recommend that Amazon discontinue selling the item .
 This `` sleeve '' is advertised as being able to be put in place of a filter . It really just goes over an existing filter , and looks nothing like the picture shown . A little more clarity would be nice .
 Did not fit my Craftsmen shop vac . I may have read it wrong but it will not fit the whole length of the filter or the filter holder .
 Amazon has this listed as a bundle to fit the Shop-vac 903-03-19 Genie Vac Filter.IT DOES NOT FIT !!!! It is not even close to fitting that filter.DONT BUY this foam sleeve for Shop-vac 903-03-19 Genie Vac Filter
 Although this is the right part number , the product provided by this Amazon vendor is useless . It does not fit the Shop Vac and tears if you try to pull it on . It is nothing like the sleeve provided by the manufacturer .
 What you see in the product picture and what you get are totally different items . This claims to be Shop Vac part number 905-85 ??? Take a look at the shopvacstore photo -LSB- ... -RSB- ... Now take a look at -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- linked from Amazon 's site -RRB- . The foam sleeve you get for this item does n't even look as good as the one from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Fortunately Amazon has EXCELLENT customer service and return policies . I 'd strongly suggest they review this vendor and `` tune-up '' their product listing to reflect reality and not a bait-and-switch product . I 'm guessing most folks are too lazy to return a $ 6.00 item . I 'm not .
 DID NOT EVEN COME CLOSE TO FITTING AND LASTING . I WILL NEVER BUY FROM AGAIN . i MUST HAVE GOT THE WRONG FILTER IT TOOK ABOUT 2 WEEKS . I WILL QUIT BEING SO LAZY AND GO TO THE STORE NEXT TIME . MERRY CHRISTMAS
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 Slides are too small and difficult to see with the accompanying telescope . However it may be the faulted the smithsonian telescope that I bought with it
 Received Set 1 instead of Set 2 - did n't please anyone to have two Set 1 's for Christmas ! DO NOT ORDER !! Where is the Quality Control on these orders . How do you take a gift back and chance a return when it ca n't even be filled correctly . DO NOT ORDER !!
 THIS MAY OR MAY NOT BE A GOOD PRODUCT , AS OTHER CUSTOMERS HAVE OPPOSITE EXPERIENCES , SO I DO NOT KNOW . ONE THING FOR SURE , I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING THAT SHIPS FROM AUCTION LIQUIDATORS . THEY MAILED ME THE WRONG ITEM TWICE AND THEN DECIDED TO REFUND INSTEAD OF SENDING ME THE CORRECT ITEM WHICH IS CURRENTLY ADVERTIZED ON AMAZON . IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN BUYING LEARNING RESOURCES PREPARED SLIDES , ST 11 GO SOMEWHERE ELSE ! YOU 'LL HAVE BETTER LUCK !
 While Amazon quickly replaced the initial order of slides without hesitation , the second box was also defective . Pink dog , sheep & mouse fur are not up to my educational standards .
 Bought this for our nephew for a small microscope -LRB- he 's eight -RRB- I bought him earlier . The slides are overpriced and not of much use . Not a good buy .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I have had other nozzles of this type before and found them easy to use , not this one . It requires just the right finger or fingers placement to work and what I beleive is excessive pressure to make it function . It is more of an innorance to use than a regular nozzle .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 These are great tags ... NOT FOR $ 10 each though . The product description clearly states `` One item consists of 1 bag with 12 tags and 12 ties ... '' I ordered 2 items , for a total of 24 tags , right ? Right . Not so fast . The package came with 2 bags of one tag each , for a total of 2 tags . I sent amazon two emails about this . They sent out a new order . Guess what , same result . I will be getting my money refunded , according to the operator . We will see about that . Just do n't be fooled . I am searching for another source for tags like this .
 I had the exact same experience as the first reviewer . Only one tag showed up in the order . Amazon is refunding and I do n't have to ship it back . But the hassle is not worth the one free tag I got . Especially when I needed 12 and now I have to find them somewhere else .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I am the assistant manager of a smallish , but very busy grocery store . I am constantly stocking , cleaning , ordering and spending time in the freezer and cooler.For years I have been searching for gloves that let me have a reasonable amount of dexterity , do a good job protecting my hands and do n't wear out in a week or two . After reading all the great reviews I thought the Mechanix gloves were a `` ca n't miss . `` I am sad to say that just like all the other gloves I have tried , the Mechanix gloves had holes in the fingers after the first couple of weeks . I have stitched them up , so maybe I can get another week or two out of them , but the bang for the buck is terrible compared to all the other `` disposable '' gloves I have purchased for $ 2-3 a pair and would last at least a week.The bottom line for my experience was great functionality , but horrible durability . I am hard pressed to imagine that the folks that are getting months or years out of their Mechanix gloves are actually wearing them for hard use 40-50 hours every week like I am .
 These gloves fit VERY good and are extremely comfortable , but I just do n't want to buy a new pair every 2 months ... These things get holes in the after about a month and expand drastically until the point where they are unusable ... Overall , they are amazing gloves , but need to stitch them better so they do n't get holes as quickly !!!
 The pair I received were poorly stitched . The stitching was not even uniform . The gloves are n't bad but clearly poor QC on Mechanix Wear 's end . Check the fingers and stitching when you get them . UPDATE palm and fingers have several holes and cuts in them . I wo n't buy anymore of these unless the change the material .
 I loved these gloves , they fit my XXL hands just fine and provided good flexiblity and protection . I recently used up my last pair and ordered a bunch more only to find out they have been extensively redesigned.If you liked the Orginals these are no longer them . For one thing they fit much tighter and I would be surprised if they actually sized much more than a XL even though they are selling them as XXL . The long and short of it is that I returned them due to sizing issues . Based on the XXL sixing I would say to order a size up if you want a good fit.Other changes include changed closure and fabric around the thumb and index finger . I do not know if these changes are good or bad as I have not used them but feel the changes to the closure which is now much thicker plastic are bad.Can someone recommend a good glove in XXL to replace this brand .
 I ordered a CM chain red ratchet binder # 48366 made by Columbus McKinnon/Dixie and made in USA I received a Ancra International # 45943-21 load binder which was made in China . I asked for refund and I was told my credit card will be credited . I will verify this on my next credit card statement .
 I have very small hands and purposely ordered these as they were described as `` small '' size - and it even says that on the packing slip . However , the label says `` one size '' and they are huge . Very frustrating !
 One of the reasons this set appealed to me is the box , I am a neat freak and my tools are all kept clean and organized on the truck.Tried these bits twice so far and found them to be of '' Fair quality `` Blade tip is very rough . BOX BROKE THE FIRST DAY . Box hinges are made of extruded plastic and is very thin and brittle .
 First off , I 'm an elecrician who had to run to the store in a hurry for drill bits . If it would 've been at my leisure I would 've NOT bought these . The case . I take care of ALL my tools . I 'm a bit anal when it comes to that . They all go in their proper cases and bags . Cords nicely wrapped . The third time I opened this case the hinges fell apart . JUNK ! The second time I used the 1 1/4 '' bit with a DeWalt 18V cordless on a double pine ceiling joist the 1/4 '' shank bent under stress . I make sure to look for nails in the wood before drilling and that was definetly not the case . Like I said , I take care of my tools . That would just ruin a NON-nail eater . Now if I HAVE to use the bit , the drill wobbles around while using it . The 1 '' happened just as the 1 1/4 '' did . The smaller bits might be fine as they 're not taking on a lot of stress . I plan to work those too when it comes time to low volt a house .
 These bits seem like a good but they were terrible . 12v , 18v and corded 1/2 '' drill and they could barely get through 3/4 '' plywood without jamming up .
 My advice to you is that unless you have a very large and powerful drill you DO NOT buy this set . The problem is with the four larger sizes . They grab too much wood and literally stops the drill , and I am talking about DeWalt and Makita ELECTRIC 1/2 inch drills here . After you start the hole it will lock immediately , even if you back off for a split second until the drill achieves full RPM 's again , and then ever so gently try to easy your way into the wood , no good , and I was working with regular redwood.My advice is you buy DeWalt better quality bits that will last you for very long time and will not loose their sharpeness , AND you can ease your way into the wood without ever locking.I thought these `` speedbor '' bits would be a great addition to my tools but in reality they just frustrated me.One last detail -LRB- I really do n't like these ones , can you tell ? -RRB-
 I needed a basic set of probes for household usage and some automotive and electronics use . I selected this set because they seemed to be decent probes based on what was written and how they appeared in the ad , and they were n't the cheapest.Pros
 These leads are cheap but they are also low quality . The tips are pretty big and thick , not good for working with small electronics ; definitely worthless when working with surface mount . More ideal for large electrical applications . They ended up breaking about a year after I bought them . It is worth it to spend a little more money and buy pomona or fluke leads .
 I wore these gloves while splitting wood with a wood-splitter . The bark on the logs is rough and wore through one of the thumbs after only 5 hours ! If you 're going to be doing real work , I would not recommend these . For light duty work they 'd be OK . The fit is nice .
 These are in no way heavy duty . Period . I am surprised that Dewalt lends its name to get gloves . Poorly made . Wo n't last a summer and clearly not HD .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 THE PRODUCT WAS VERY POOR QUALITY . I WAS ALSO UNDER THE IMPRESSION THAT IT WAS A TWO PIECE ASSY CONSISTING OF A FLANGE AND POP UP AS DEPICTED . I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT AN ASSY CONSISTED OF TWO OR MORE COMPONENTS . HOWEVER THE SELLER HAS GRATIOUSLY AGREED TO A FULL REFUND AND I DID N'T NEED TO RETURN THE POPUPS .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I made a purchase and when my order arrived seller only shipped one roll of tape when listing clearly states four rolls . Seller contacted and refunded payment promptly . Seller stated that listing was a mistake .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I ordered this product . It came weeks late with the wrong parts and it took hours for a plumber to use my old fawcet parts to correct the bad parts that were shipped.I called the supplier and told them my problem and they never called back.So dont order from them
 I bought this to make homemade paintball grandees and this tubing is so old I can not use it or do anything else with it . I thought I would wright this so anybody else buying it for this reason DO N'T ... You 'll waste your money and time . It 's Probably ment and used for something else .
 This tubing is not elastic . Tubing is stiff , not flexible , and does not stretch and rebound . When stretched -LRB- with considerable effort -RRB- it does not return fully to original length and shape . I might be able to use this to siphon liquids , but definitely not as I 'd intended to replace some worn elastic tubing for light resistance physical therapy exercises .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 It appears that this product was relabeled from the `` USP Structural Connectors JUS26-TZ G185-Triple Zinc Galvanized Face Mount Joist Hanger , 2 by 6 , -LRB- Pack of 100 -RRB- '' label it carried when I ordered , and they folded in the shipping cost -LRB- original had shipping cost for 1 hanger three times the unit cost , and only a single hanger arrived despite the label -RRB- , but you can get better hardware at substantially reduced unit cost elsewhere -LRB- 100 equivalent or better hangers for less than $ 80 with shipping online -RRB- . Biggest ripoff ever from this site , not a good experience by any stretch . Already reviewed earlier , but appreciate the opportunity to corroborate that opinion ...
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I 've had one other combo Drill-Countersink-Phillips driver bit to date -LRB- a Ryobi -RRB- which is pretty decent - but having become a recent Makita convert , had to try this one out . I have to say , it 's nothing special , and it does what it 's built for . I generally do n't use the phillips head for driving screws as I save that work for my impact driver but the countersink works well.It 's not the most clean at cutting countersinks but if you 're patching holes or doing non-finish work where a clean visible screw and surface are not required , this works . I am looking into attempting a purchase of something made by Snappy tools which supposedly works with any standard drill bit and leaves clean holes but for rough carpentry work , this will be my go-to as it offers such versatility in sizes of countersinks and comes in a decent case -LRB- unlike my cheapo ryobi -RRB- . It 's also cheap enough that if it breaks , which I doubt it will - it 's no biggie to me.I would n't however recommend this for use in an impact drill . Impact drills by design have a little bit of play in their quick release chucks and unless you tap your hole first , can get some wobble when trying to hit your mark on the drill end . As to the screw end - I again avoid it for impact drivers due to their massive torque . When used in a standard drill - this works perfect.Edit
 Tried to use this item , and one screen was fuzzy . Yes , I tested it with different cables and monitors and it was definitely because of the switch . Exchanged the item for another , which had a similar problem , tinting the entire display screen blue . Not wanting to waste my time sending it back , I played with it for a while to make sure it was a defective switch . It was . Buyer beware .
 I purchased this switch to connect my computer to both my computer monitor and my TV . At the time , it seemed so simple . However , the box has three female connectors , including the I/O connector . The I/O connector should be a male connector so that it can connect with the female end of a VGA cable coming out of a computer . I was n't able to connect my computer to the switch until I purchased a gender changer for the VGA cable from my computer.Then the trouble started . Since the switch , the gender changer , and the computer cable all have the little screws you use to tighten the connection , I was n't able to connect any of it together until I removed the screws from the I/O connector.That 's when the really big trouble started ! When I removed the screws from the I/O connector , the connector fell inside the box . The only way I could finally get it all to fit together was to open the top of the switch , reverse the screws on the I/O connector and screw them into the gender changer , and then connect the gender changer to the VGA cable from the computer . It would be SO much easier if the I/O connector was male instead of female !! That said , the switch seems to function correctly .
 The product does what it is designed to do at the cost of quality . There is a lot of ghosting on BOTH channels -LRB- my PC & Xbox 360 -RRB- and I am totally unhappy . I even went as far as replacing my VGA cables thinking mine were bad - NOPE ! Turns out my VGA cables were good , it 's just the cheap VGA switch.All and all , I am not happy with this product . Do not buy this if you care about quality . And if you do n't care about quality , then this is the product for you!Thanks for wasting my time and money .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 The description for this item says it is 100 washers but the packaging of the washers said 30 and the package contained only 30 . The product worked fine for what I 'd intended , but I did n't have enough .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 I bought this latch to prevent my toddler from opening the door that goes out into the garage . This latch is not designed to work with Outward -LRB- away from you -RRB- opening Doors . The company should correctly state this in their description -LRB- -2 stars -RRB- . If you want a latch to lock a door that opens when you pull it toward you , this is what it was designed for . Furthermore , the slide is not solid like it appears , it only has its edges beveled with a hollow back -LRB- -1 star -RRB- .
 You 'll have to finish this material extensively as it comes rough from casting.I would have expected a more finished material.I would not purchase it again .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 Sometimes you buy something that you know is too inexpensive . That is the case here . The bits were very poorly made and dull dull dull . I put them in the trash and got fished my old set out of the trash can . The old ones are better than the new ones .
 the tools are cheap china junk . you get what you paid for . the tools came with rust . they do not cut well as they have few cutting teeth . almost burn the wood you are boring .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 I was able to accomplish what I needed to with this auger , but I destroyed it in the process . First , I had to modify the shaft on a grinder , so that it would n't slip in my drill . Toward the end of the first day of use , the shaft bent -LRB- ca n't straighten it without breaking it -RRB- , so that it is no longer useable . Instead of good steel , the Chinese maker used pot metal . I tried to buy American , but could n't find a small auger on the market . Do n't we make anything any more ?
 I purchased the JR-18 through Amazon.com on June 5th 2012 . The first time I tried to use it in our flower garden it broke off at the point where the shaft meets the spindles -LRB- dirt is firm but not hard , a shovel easily digs in it , and it had been raining so the auger went in and out very easily on the first 2 holes and then on the third hole it went right in and then when reversing it out it just snapped off . -RRB- . I would like to get a warranty replacement , but non one will respond to my emails about it . I have tried to contact the seller with no response . According to Amazon it is passed the window to be replaced or returned . As all I want to say is when dealing over the internet `` Buyer Beware '' because after the sale you may never hear from them again .
 1/4 '' Shaft Very Weak Broke Twice Using 1/2 '' Drill . Not Recomended For Any Soil Other Than Sandy Soil !! Shaft Of At Least 3/8 '' Would Make This A Better Auger !!
 I received them today , a day late from expected delivery . I used one and it broke , I used another and it also broke . Very brittle product , do not recommend .
 These bits are n't ` super hard ' as the name suggests . My 1/8 '' drill bit broke after the first use . . I have used the other , larger drill bits in drywall and they have been fine so far . It 's a good cheap set that can get little jobs done -LRB- like putting up wall shelves -RRB- . Def not heavy duty .
 i got these along with another set and just like the other they could not hold up to the work load went dull fast even with lube
 First , Neiko Tools USA sounds like the US sales division for a Japanese tool manufacturer , but this is n't one of those . It 's just another Chinese tactic to give junk the appearance of being good stuff at an outstanding price.Second , these are n't cobalt drills ; they 're `` cobalt coated . '' In my experience , `` cobalt colored '' would be more accurate . I 've completely rounded the tips while trying to drill through thin mild steel ; I 've also smoked a tip on mahogany boards . If you 're drilling anything harder than , say , dry pine boards , go buy something that 's made of actual cobalt .
 Answer
 As stated by previous reviewers , these bits are WAY too `` aggressive '' . Actually , I got them as a gift , so , I ca n't complain about MY value for money but ... because nowhere on the labeling -LRB- that I could see -RRB- did it say what materials the bits are for , I assumed they were for wood only ... and that 's all I 've used them for so far . As others have said , they `` feed '' way too fast . The bigger the bit , the `` nastier '' they are as they rip into the wood . I definitely would n't use especially the bigger bits on anything you want to preserve the surface finish of -- they rip into the wood , and the entry is anything but clean . Of course , if you progress up from 4 or 5 sizes smaller , you can minimize that risk , but that sort of obviates the self-pilot feature of the bit set , right ? The comment that they corkscrew into the piece -- pulling the drill ... and the user -- into the wood is a good description of my experience . And , with the bigger bits , you better have your piece of wood clamped/screwed/nailed down if you 're using an 18V drill ! That 's because as it corkscrews itself in -LRB- as opposed to cutting out a hole -RRB- , one or the other is going to start spinning . As said by another , probably a better bit set for a drill press !
 I was excited when I received these drill bits about three years ago . Of course any new , sharp drill bits are always exciting . I find myself cursing these drill bits every time I use them . The `` pilot point '' tends to drill into the wood like a cork screw , VERY quickly . Even if you try applying very little pressure , zip , right into the wood . I made the mistake of using these for some finish work on a newel post and the ugly hole I started with looked better then the finished product . I do n't even enjoy using these bits for rough work , they just screw into the wood every dang time . Oh , and the `` no slip '' shank is a crock . Only the larger bits have the no-slip shank . When the smaller bits screw into the wood and get stuck , and then you throw the drill into reverse , the bits just spin and spin -LRB- granted my Dewalt drill has a keyless chuck -RRB- . I 'm disappointed that these carry the Dewalt name , I think they tarnish an otherwise decent reputation .
 After drilling the pilot , the main part of the drill grabs the work piece . With a portable drill , the drill is wrenched out of your hand . With a drill press , the work piece had better be clamped down .
 Save your money junk drill bits if you want some good ones buy Milwaukee brand bits they work great and last . I have tried many different bits out there and the Milwaukee hole up the best most of my drilling is on steal also the dewalt bits are ok for wood but that is it the break and dull out fast .
 I used this drill bit set a couple of times and really do n't like them at all . The bits grab into the wood way too fast making a very rugged hole . I used them today drilling holes in treated , outdoor lumber and the bits would grab , get stuck , forcing me to constantly reverse the drill and back out . Even with soft pressure , they want to force themselves into the wood way too fast jerking the drill out of your hand . The holes were all chewed up and ragged , just awful ! I ca n't imagine using these bits in metal !!!
 They are high quality , idiot proof to use and will drill steel nicely , but they ca n't be re-sharpened -LRB- well mabye ... -RRB- . I 've tried by hand but there are to many angles and surfaces to deal with to get them right in a timely manner . Sharpening a regular drill bit is hard enough . If they would make a bit sharpener that would sharpen these -LRB- and not cost way more then a drill doc -RRB- I would continue to use them all the time and not have to buy new ones . Now I only use them when I 'm drilling something vary rounded or when I ca n't find a small bit to make a pilot hole ... not worth the money if buying for a long term use in hard material .
 I 've never had a drill that grabs so aggressively at the end . Their site claims that `` Pilot Point Tip starts on contact for clean , accurate holes and reduces lock-up on breakthrough '' Balderdash , the large bits 5/16 and up will chew right through shallow holes . You will have very little control on depth when drilling freehand ; the bit is design to chew not drill in a controlled manner . I got the 29 piece set and wish I would have returned it after the first bad hole as a result of the aggressive design .
 These bits were fine for utility work but when used for any finish work . . -LRB- i.e. mounting hardware or trying to drill w/o going all the way through -RRB- they are too hungry for the wood . The larger bits do n't actually drill through the wood so much as drill into it like a screw . Even when being extra careful to apply light pressure the drill was twisted out of my hand as the bit tore through my workpiece . while drilling through some Maple Plywood drawer fronts the bit pulled the workpiece up off the table and out of my hand leaving a large chipped out area of veneer on the face of my piece . I also was n't impressed with the pilot point , the bit still walked . Nothing beats an awl or center punch for accurate drilling
 As others have stated , these bits are very aggressive and very sharp . If you intend to use a good cordless hand drill and think that you will hold the piece in your other hand , not going to happen . I use drills each day and these drills are best -LRB- excellent -RRB- for drill press .
 I was looking for a set of drill bits in the 5/8 - 1/2 inch category , and I happened to see this dewalt set at home depot . I got it thinking its dewalt , its got to be good . Well , maye Im using it for the wrong purpose , but when I drill holes in soft wood like pine , it rips up the wood at the top pretty bad . My old B&D twist drill bits do a cleaner job . Guess I should have done my research before buying this set .
 You have no control on the feed rate of these drill bits . If you want to drill a pilot hole half way through a wood table top , the bit gets sucked into the wood and the bit will come through the top of your table . I 've used drill bits of every type for the last 40 years , I have never seen anything so bad . I have a brand new set , but they are worthless . I only use my old set . If you have a table drill you may be able to get some control with the feed rate of these bits , but for hand tools you will constantly be struggling . I know this point has already been made , but somehow many others have prematurely given these bits a higher rating . These people probably have only used the smallest sizes with harder wood . My old set worked with all types of wood and metals with no problems . Do yourself a favor and keep looking .
 These bits are horrible , I can never get a clean cut with them , because the cut too fast . The grab and pull themselves through the wood more like a screw than a drill bit . Forget about using them for any kind of metal -LRB- you 'll end up with a ragged chewed up hole that is totally unacceptable -RRB- . Go with something else and you 'll be happier .
 This is a cheap plastic part with no true hinge - just a thin piece of plastic that wears at the bending point and is guaranteed to fail over time . The one that came with our Igloo marine cooler broke after less than a year of very light use . It 's a poor design . Igloo sells a stainless steel replacement latch with a real hinge for about twice the price of the plastic one -LRB- same screw holes -RRB- . If you use your cooler regularly , save yourself some trouble / frustration and replace your broken latch with the upgraded SS version that will last as long as the cooler itself - not this cheaper all-plastic one.Igloo also sells stainless steel -LRB- real -RRB- hinges if you have a hinge failure . I wish I had known they sold a version of the marine cooler that came with the SS latch and hinges stock , since replacing them is half the cost of the cooler itself . If you 're buying new , look for it . The mid - upper range Igloo coolers are still good products -LRB- will insulate and keep things cold for a couple days -RRB- . The really cheap ones are n't .
 After about 6 years the original latch gave up and we purchased this replacement.Two weeks later it tore apart -LRB- how many times can you use it in 2 weeks ? -RRB- . Now we have no latch and not sure how to find a better one . Guess we 'll have to use a brick ! : -RRB-
 I have purchased two of these so far , they break really easy if you do not close the lid just right . The igloo cooler is top notch but the latch , they need to go back to the drawing board
 Having replaced my latch 4 times over the past few years . . I 'm too old anymore to pay for a overpriced piece of plastic junk again . Looked at the igloo store itself and for about $ 15 , -LRB- latch 4.95 , shipping 5.95 + 4.00 handling charge -RRB- they will send you a new latch . Going to the hardware store , a small brass hinge will fix this baby up and it will not die in couple of months either . Or , I could order 2 and drop the price down to $ 10 each latch . . NAW , , , , I 'll run on down to the hardware store ...
 I purchased 2 one through amazon and one at ace hardware at the start of the 2012 camping season . By october they have both broken again , not sure what to do as I love the cooler .
 I am not hard on my things , but the latches on the original cooler and the replacement latches both lasted only about a month of full time use . Maybe because of the desert heat ? Whatever , I think that the life span should be measured in years , not in months or even weeks . My previous cooler was still working fine after many years when I got a bigger one . I think they switched to cheaper parts.If you are looking at latches , then you are having the same problems I am . I know Igloo sells metal latches , though you may need to go to the Igloo site to find them . That 's going to be my next attempt . I 've got about as much invested now in latches as I did in the original cooler .
 This is junk , breaks every year . I will replace till cooler dies but will never again by an Igloo cooler .
 The latch that originally came on my cooler lasted 7 + years and dozens of outings . The new one broke on the 4th trip I made this year . This means after only 12 days of use the cheap plastic top latch simply broke off . Now I need a new latch again , will have to try the one with the metal latch hundge next time .
 Hi , I use this cooler every day . It 's opened 30 times , or so , a day . I bought a replacement latch and it lasted 3 weeks before it broke . Most people use there coolers a few times a year . I would think it would last a few years if it was n't used every day . But , in my opinion , it 's a cheap piece of plastic made to be replaced every so often . It 's called a revenue stream . I 'm not going to replace it again . I duct taped it on and use it as a lid handle for opening the cooler .
 This latch wo n't last the summer season . It seems the plastic was designed to fail within a few month ... mine did .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 The idea that the average consumer is going to want ten of these is rather unlikely , I certainly do n't and do n't appreciate buying ten times more than I need just to get one of them .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 DRILL BITS NEED TO BE SHARP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! These can be sharpen with a lot of work and then are an ok set of Forstner bits .
 First of all the bit set is made in China ... Wow , what a surprise !!! I thought it will be like Katana , Freud or MLCS -LRB- like it supposed to be -RRB- - made in USA at lease , but not in China.Secondly , the bits are NOT SHARP at all . They look like -LRB- actually they are -RRB- sharpened by hand file . The cutting edges have small splinters , a tiny spikes that tears and burns the wood in place of clear cut . I 'm disappointed ... The only good thing in this set is nice and solid wooden box that I 'm going to use for my router bits . I do n't recommend this set .
 I 'm a weekend woodworker and would classify myself just above the average woodworker . I bought this set looking to get a good set of Forstner bits that I can also use for later projects . I 'll be buying a higher-quality set for anything that requires real attention to detail ... The bits arrived on time , but after opening and inspecting them , they are not of a real high quality . There were obvious metal burrs that had not been filed/ground off . If you 've ever done any metal work , it looked like the rough tool right from the making before its sent off for sanding and polish to remove any rough edges . There was also a chip on the cutting edge of the vertical part of one bit . Looked like it had been chipped before they painted it . It should n't affect the tools function , but yet another blemish that shows this is n't a professional or real high quality set.Each of the bits also is a little on the dull side . Now , I was putting in a recessed hole in some MDF , which is kinda hard stuff , and the bits did an alright job of cutting through it , but it took a bit using a 1 '' bit . Feeling the cutting edge of the bits , they have more of a rough sharpened edge on them . You 'll need to sharpen each one for a good cut.Bottom line
 I read a few reviews before ordering these , and I felt I had been properly warned
 I have to agree with some of the other reviewers . These not not very well made . Most of the bits have nicks and/or burrs on them . You need to hand clean and sharpen these before you can use them . If you are looking for a range of bits for a one time use then this will be an affordable option . If you are looking for some bits that will be used regularly then you should rather buy high quality versions of the bits you need . Even the box is a throw away item . The lid did not align on my set and none of the bits fit in their proper places in the box .
 This set includes most of the bit sizes you will ever need and then some . The problem is , as others have mentioned , some of the bits are very dull . The first one I used was soooo dull it took 20 or so plunges to get through a 3/4 inch pine board . Smoke and burning wood were evident . Too bad , otherwise would have given 5 stars due to the great price and sizes included .
 All 16 of the pieces I got were rusted . Only one of them had the size printed on it -LRB- faintly -RRB- . The only way to tell the others apart is by the plastic cap on the end . Another reviewer mentioned that they were n't sharp . I did n't find that to be the case , mine were sharp but they still did n't remove chips at all . Had to back the bit out multiple times to clear the chips . I would expect them not to be the highest quality for 20 bucks but I did n't expect them to be this bad . To the sellers credit , they did give me a partial refund due to the rust . Still not a quality product at all.EDIT
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 I ordered a set of eye bolts to use as harness anchors on my metal house roof . This eyebolt has the name -LRB- Koch -RRB- with a 2200 pound safety rating on the tag attached to the bolt . This product is ROUGH ! The bolt is VERY rough and the threads do not inspire confidence at all . These bolt items should be portrayed as an imported product in the description . The bolt tag also states that human weight should not be supported by this bolt ... with a 2200 pound safety rating ? Is this lawyerspeak or a real reference to the item quality ? I am really disapointed .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 It did n't stick as well as I had hoped it would . It actually buckled and came up the next day . I would NOT recommend it !
 Followed the instructions to the letter and it still peeled off within three days . Far too good to be true . Stick to the normal caulking and do n't waste your money .
 I believe there are a lot of VOC 's -LRB- Volatile Organic Compounds -RRB- in this product . I could n't find a MSDS on it , but it smells nasty every before opening the cellophane . After opening it , forget it . I did n't even keep it around to try it ! Friction tape from 3M does n't have this problem , so shame on Gardner Bender .
 This does n't stick as well as other electrical tape that I 've used . I probably wo n't buy it again .
 I ordered this for my sister due to her love of duck tape and i thought this would make a great gift.Well , once it had arrived the front label said that it contains chemicals that are proven to cause cancer.So we just threw it out and were dissapointed with its ability to give us life threatening disease and called it a day .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 you have to have a bore drill that turns clockwise to use in most american drill presses . this is a left hand drill bit and only works in drills that you can reverse direction on .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 Bought this product thinking I was getting 4 gears because of the picture . Only came with one .
 The item was never sent and it/or it never arrived . The company that represented this item , never sent the item nor was I ever contacted why the product was never sent . Rip off !
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 we have other colors , two greens , a purple , etc. . . all work just fine . for whatever reason , this color does not stick . finding strips of it on the floor minutes after applying it . try the purple and green . they 've been removed several times and go right back on .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The item was never sent and it/or it never arrived . The company that represented this item , never sent the item nor was I ever contacted why the product was never sent . Rip off !
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Let 's try to get the doors closed on people advertising and selling what they do n't have . How do we go about doing this ? Is AIG beginning to give President Obama the idea ?
 The hoist was misrepresented as a 15 ' lift when they only sent a 10 ` It is still listed on the page as a 15 ' , they did very little to compensate me for all of the time and trouble that this mistake on their part cause me / Buyer beware I checked the Jet number and it was what I wanted they just sent the wrong item , they do n't even stock a 15 ' jet hoist
 It 's a jack , and it lifts . That 's about all I have to say about it.It 's nice that they include a port to add hydraulic oil to the jack , because I tied it down on its side behind the back seat of my truck , and within two weeks it leaked about half the hydraulic oil out - luckily into a plastic container and not on my carpet .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Love Kreg tools and accessories , HATE the new screws with square/phillip head . Received box of SML-C125 -LRB- 1000 pack -RRB- with it 's labeling stating square drive . Very disappointed that Kreg did n't label and inform customers of new style before ordering on amazon . Screws are to sloppy on square head bit -LRB- brand new -RRB- . Prone to stripping .
 I just finished my 5000 piece box of Kreg Coarse 1 1-4 screws , which was purchased from Amazon earlier this year , and I needed a couple hundred more . So I thought this 1000 pack would be just fine . I was a little surprised when I open it and find a different style screw and screw head . These do n't grab as well as the screws I just used up . The old screws would bury themselves through a piece of pine if you let them . These will strip out sometimes . But my major complaint is the Square-Phillips Combination head in these screws . The square drive does not hold as well as in my last square drive only screws . The fit of the `` square '' part of the pocket is not as accurate and leads to a sloppy fit . I also wanted the square only for my application and was not happy to find this subsisted without any mention in the description .
 The old Kreg screws that most , if not all , of the 5 star review are for are not the screws you receive when order the new ones . I recently finished off my last box of 1,000 screws I had ordered several years ago . These new zinc-plated screws do not self thread nearly as easily and the square drive does not nearly as securely . I am very disappointed to see the steep drop-off in quality .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 This tool only fits demolition hammers as it has a 1 1/8 '' shank . Will not fit SDS or SDS Max hammers .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Milwaukee Tools makes great cases and often excellent tools but these are an exception . Carbon steel cutting blades dull quickly and chip if a nail is hit . They take about as much drill power as a regular hole saw and chew up batteries just as quickly.Problem with all these selfeed drill bits is that the lead in screw thread is a compromise , too fast for some wood and too slow for others . When it is too fast as with hard woods the bit jambs and then the drill spins in the opposite direction which is no fun with a 1/2 '' stud drill.For holes smaller than 1 '' I prefer the wood augers and for bigger holes the big gullet aggressive hole cutters like the Milwaukee Hawg and the Blue Boar -LRB- many more sizes than the Hawgs -RRB- make drilling faster and I get a lot more holes per battery charge . Actually use a 18v DeWalt 970 drill instead of the old stud drill most of the time .
 These bits are made in China yet there is absolutely no indication anywhere on the bit itself or the packaging of country of origin . I have seen individually packaged bits at Home Depot and some of them are made in USA and some of them are made in China . The USA ones have USA on the packaging and engraved on the bit . The Chinese ones have `` made in China '' in tiny print on the packaging and no marking whatsoever on the bit itself . The marking on the bit itself where it says the size is laser etched and NOT engraved like the USA ones . So , I know after this examination how to tell which of these bits are which . I do not buy Chinese made tools and certainly not expensive drill bits like these . The Chinese may make some things OK but in my experience tools are not one of those things . Buy Chinese metal and it will break on you and it is simply not safe to use . Real pros know what I am saying is true.I called Milwaukee on the phone to inquire as to why there was no country of origin on this set and they flat out lied to me and told me that the bits are made in the USA . I told this person that I have never seen a US made tool in my life that did not bear `` made in USA '' markings and that these bits have no such markings . I also told her that her information can not be correct as I have seen `` made in China '' on individual bits in Home Depot . These bits are simply too expensive to be made in China.Look elsewhere .
 The bit works well if in soft wood . When cutting through stud wall I find the bit getting stuck in the wall from the tear out on the back side of the stud . Once the spur in through the wood you need to apply a lot of pressure on the drill for the bit to cut through the stud . When cutting deep holes the cuttings making the bit hard to get it out of the drilled hole .
 I thought that buying Milwaukee implied an American made tool . The Auger bits are made in Taiwan .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 we have been using this brand of bits for the past 8 years . the bits that i have purchased in the past 7 months have not met our expectations . they wear out after drilling ten holes . In the past they have lasted atleast 3 hundred holes . the set screws are wearing out a lot faster as well . They have lost their durability . I would like to continue using these bits , but we need the quality that milwaukee used to have .
 The reason these bits wear out so soon and do not hold up anymore is because now they are made overseas and with inferior material . This is with all products that used to be made in the USA and are now made overseas . The manufacturers find it cheaper to do this so they can expand their profits , but in doing so the sacrifice quality , customer loyalty , and the most important of all is another American worker is laid off .
 I got a Stedman 's Dictionary with a class I 'm taking and found it to be disappointing if you 're just beginning to learn new terms . The definitions are longwinded and often abtuse . I did n't feel a flow of jumping from word to word and understanding what I 'm reading without having to consult an online dictionary . This dictionary got me frustrated after looking up a few words.I 'm looking into purchasing a Mosby 's since that seems to be the one online with the clearest , most concise definitions . I 'll see how that turns out . The only advantage of Stedman 's Medical Dictionary that I can tell is that it has about 100,000 terms in it , about double the Mosby 's , so I would keep it around for once you 're at an advanced level of learning .
 The alphabet indicator tabs -LRB- `` ABC '' , `` DEF '' , `` GHI '' -RRB- did not match the pages in the Stedman Medical dictionary ; and upon receiving 3 replacements , the mistake was duplicated and `` triplicated '' -LRB- but with different page problems -RRB- with each book that I received as a replacement and thus my frustration mounted with each dictionary I received . This is poor quality control and it was a very frustrating experience . On top of this , Amazon said that they would `` do something '' because of the 3 books that I received that were wrong and how I was inconvenienced and how they understood how upset I got . To date , nothing has been done . I was told by Amazon to buy the book elsewhere , which I just did - from the publisher . I am still waiting for Amazon to `` do something '' to make me feel like my 10 + + years as a bona fide member of Amazon was worth something to them . I think they might have gotten too big !
 Purchased in 2010 from Amazon . After a few months noticed it was n't picking up any longer . Found that the tube from the rug beater portion to the bag was clogged -LRB- its small compared to other vacs -RRB- . Cleaned it out , but it still does n't work as it did in the first few months . Disappointed , should last longer than 12 months .
 I purchased two of these vacuums about 4 months ago . One is still working fine , the other one had a switch go bad within 30 days - so I was able to return it to Amazon . I purchased the exact same one with the refund money thinking I must have just gotten a dud ... now it has quit working all together , and we 're outside the 30 days for Amazon . We have to take it to a local service center . For only being a little over 3 months old - it has not met my expectations .
 Oreck use to be a good vacuum , but since moving operations overseas there quality has gone way way way down . Our cleaning company use to purchase many Oreck 's a year -LRB- 15-18 -RRB- , now we are switching to CleanMax Zooms made in the US . If Oreck would improve their quality I would switch back to them , but financially it makes no sense to buy a vacuum that will only last literally a couple months , if that . 15 years ago , Orecks were built with quality parts and would last for 1-2 years -LRB- for a cleaning company -RRB- . Boy has times changed . If you purchase one , expect it to be disposable .
 Today my wife was vacuming when suddenly smoke and noise erupted from the vacuum and a hole was burned in the side of the hood . Scary to say the least . She was only glad she was at the helm and not one of the visiting granchildren . This is her fourth Oreck and she always loved them , but is now afraid to use this machine even if it gets repaired . Dealer volunteered to recycle . Thanks a lot .
 The vacuum bag will not stay on , poor pick up , makes excessive noise . We are now using a Riccar vacuum and itworks great .
 This item is very close to other Oreck Vac that appear this as this product . It just happens to be red . It is called commercial because it comes with a thick long cord that looks like a commercial extension cord and weighs like one . It is NOT 8 lbs if you include the cord . You can not operate the vacuum without the cord . Cord was cumbersome to use .
 This is the worst vacuum cleaner that I have ever used . It does n't pick up pet hair or anything else for that matter . Do n't waste your money .
 I own the Oreck xl and it almost burnt my house down , while vacuuming the handle caught on fire , that is were the wiring is attached to the motor , do n't anticipate any help from Oreck customer service-thieves
 On Jan. 15 , 2011 `` Ready2fly '' wrote the most accurate description of this Oreck XL `` Commercial '' Upright Vacuum
 I was very disappointed with this vacuum . My sister-in-law has an Oreck light weight vacuum around this price range and she raved about it . To be fair I will say that it picks up baby powder well on a low pile carpet but it does not pick up sock fuzz at all . It makes me wonder what else it is not picking up . I thought this vacuum was known for great suction ! Also it does not seem to `` glide '' as well on carpet -LRB- you have to use some muscle -RRB- like some of the cheaper vacuums I have used . There is no adjustment knob either . I would hesitate to buy another Oreck .
 If you have pets , this is not the vacuum for you . Regardless of which bags you use , and even if you replace the disposable bag after each use , there will be a smell , -LRB- maybe as a result of pet hair even though our dog is a non-shedding breed -RRB- which permeates from the bag each time you vacuum . Oreck tells us you can wash the bag but due to the plastic that is attached , you can not put the bag in the washing machine . We have washed it by hand several times but no matter what we try , the odor remains . The vacuum does a good job of gathering dirt , pet hair , etc. , but the odor causes it to be a real detriment . I do not recommend any of the Orecks with cloth bags as all have the same problem . . and it does not make any difference if you use hypo allergenic bags or cheap bags , the result is the same .
 This product is full of design flaws . When asking Oreck for repair am told over and over that the part is not covered under the warranty .
 I got a chance to use this vacuum a few times where I work at . The vacuum is not what it 's hyped up to be . The suction is Ok however the whole vacuum is inefficient . THis is not a commercial-type vacuum . There 's no cleaning tools with it and no hose . It is a below standard vacuum that is no way worth the price . A $ 80 entry level Hoover Tempo that I have at my home is a much better vacuum
 I bought this thinking I would get a better simulated practice for suturing , but I was disappointed at the quality . The skin is very tough even with the appropriate needle sharpness and it is not well attached to the foam underneath making subcuticular stitches nearly impossible . Also , because the skin is so tough the needles bend with minimal effort with the first pass through skin - very unrealistic.You are better off going to the grocery store and buying pig 's feet for practice to get that good simulation .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Buyer beware ! The photo clearly shows 2 magnets . I received a different package with the same model number , but only 1 magnet . Now that I 've studied the `` fine print '' I see that it is a bait and switch situation . They show one photo for 2 magnets that are n't any of the options on their pull down list . You will receive just one magnet . Amazon has agreed to refund my purchase price . But proper representation would have avoided the problem .
 The package in the display photo shows a TWO magnet set , However if you read the fine print , YOU ONLY GET ONE MAGNET FOR THIS PRICE.VERY DECEPTIVE SALES PRACTICES .
 Definitely the worst purchase I 've made on Amazon . This magnet is of poor quality . It is so weak ! Far from the 25lbs it states it is able to hold . It wo n't even hold my 1 car key with small viper remote . Avoid this garbage product !! I will be returning it as soon as I get the packaging together - - - this product would n't even be worth one dollar !
 On the product package label and in Amazon 's pre-sale description , the claim is made that these magnets have 25 lbs of pull . I have ceramic magnets that CAN lift that much weight , but they are much larger.After receiving two of these magnets , I tested both of them on a small , solid steel , 10 lb . anvil . They would not lift the anvil off the ground . Then I tried several other steel objects that weighed LESS than 10 lbs . I finally got it to lift a 6 lb . object.Be warned . The lifting power for this magnet is grossly over-stated . This is reasonable cause for doubt about all other product claims made by Master Magnetics.Next time , I 'll seek out a different supplier .
 The picture shows a fluffy ostrich feather duster , which is what I thought it was.Wrong!What I got was a feather duster made from who knows what type of bird , but certainly not the fluffy dust-gathering ostrich feathers of the stock photo . The feathers are crisp and sharp edged , as if plucked from a shiny-backed duck . The feather duster I got only resembled the handle , and that 's where the resemblance ended . The duster I received , which BTW is now out in my garage waiting for a garage sale , merely pushes dust around and makes the furniture look worse.Save your money . You might as well use a stiff restaurant napkin for all the good it does.Hmph !!
 If you 're looking for true ostrich feathers , go to your local hardware store -LRB- the real kind , like Ace or Tru-Value -RRB- and you 'll see what they look like . They 're fluffy , grey-black , and hold dust until you give the duster a good shake . This duster was claimed to be ostrich feathers , but was most obviously chicken or rooster feathers - shiny , stiff , smooth-shafted feathers of a rainbow of reds , golds and greens , and all they do to dust is scatter it.PS - Shoplet has issued me a full refund , without requiring me to return the item . I 'd give them another chance .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 Although I 've had need for this type of item on several occassions , I am disappointed with it 's design and function . The grab bar is a separate unit and it keeps sliding off the head - right in the middle of trying to line up the head . Torque seems to be pretty good when you get it working , but it really is a pain to use .
 Bought this tool 6 months ago , and have used it to drive in approximately 50-100 fasteners . That 's about all they 're good for , the input shaft fell out of mine , and there are parts rattling around inside . I 've always heard good things about Milwaukee , and due to the compact design , i gave it a whirl even though it did n't feel well made . I believe that tools should last for years , and am willing to pay for quality tools . I 'd try the larger one , but I do n't think it will fit where I use this one , so I 'll keep shopping for a replacement . If anyone has any suggestions , let me know .
 Pros : o small size . In it 's minimal configuration - with the thumb rest removed - it is 5-1/2 '' tall , 1 '' wide , and 1-1/4 '' deep . With a bit installed it is still only 1-3/4 '' deep.o all metal construction.o magnetic bit holder grips bits securely.o customer support is responsive -LRB- less than 2 minutes waiting on telephone -RRB- and friendly.Cons : o reliability / build-quality issues . The item I purchased was defective -LRB- see notes below -RRB- . o it takes two hands to use this attachment , one to hold the screwdriver and one to hold the tool . Compare this to a lightweight angle drill/driver which takes just one hand . For the most part , this makes the tool useful only in very tight situations where an angle drill will not fit.Notes : The item I received is defective . The bit spins freely in both directions under no load , but does n't run in reverse -LRB- counter-clockwise -RRB- under even light pressure -LRB- ie attempting to remove a # 8-1 '' wood screw -RRB- . It does work fine running clockwise , driving the same screw into a wood block.The helpful person I spoke with at customer service said he suspected that a tooth was broken . He advised me to return the item and purchase the heavier duty 49-22-8510 . I 'm not sure if I 'll do that since that item is somewhat larger -LRB- 2 '' deep -RRB- making it less useful for tight spaces . Also , I own many tools -LRB- Makita , Bosch , Dewalt , etc -RRB- and it is extremely rare to get one that is broken right out of the box . Since this is my first Milwaukee tool , it makes me leery of the quality of this brand .
 I tried 2 of these products and both of them failed within 5 minutes . The hex chuck is magnetic and can not withstand normal drilling . It broke both times . A very poorly engineered tool .
 The mechanism broke within 2 days with only minor use :-LRB- Can items be returned if defective ? very unhappy with this purchase
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Save your money and buy some nice cobalt or titanium nitride bits . These bits do blowout in most veneered materials and are useless in all MDF products . They clog almost immediately . I had high hopes for these when I bought them three years ago , but since I paid so much for them I ca n't bring myself to just throw them away . The best feature is that they do center very well when started . After that , expect problems .
 This is not like the earlier Permacel gaffer 's tape . It is thick , if that 's what `` professional '' means , but the adhesive lets go after only a short time . The earlier version stuck seemingly forever , and made for nearly permanent repairs of things , something you ca n't do with ordinary duct tape which seems to disintegrate over time . It 's thickness and lack of flexibility seems to make the end pop up ; you have to keep pressing it down . I would suggest the thinner regular version , which seems to function better , or look for another brand . Best place to get gaffer 's tape is a store that sells theatrical supplies , or a recording studio that does sound work might sell you a roll . I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do with this big expensive roll ; it 's just not very useful .
 the ad said vise jaws , not vise jaw , I recieved only one jaw . vise jaws normally come as a set , not happy at all
 The bits either get jammed or fall out of the driver shaft , the locking ring falls off , the crews that hold the bits fall off and could not be secured . The overall construction is poor . The parts are made from aluminum and not the stainless steel . One bit broke in the second screw . I called Amazon at 866-660-8114 before ordering . The rep said that all Makita tools and accessories are made in either the US or Japan . Not true ! This set was made in China . I bought this set to be used with the Makita 14.4 V impact driver , which also made in China . I am returning this set .
 This kit was purchased to replace an older Makita bit that I had been using frequently for almost 10 years before I lost it . This new one broke where the screw tip inserts into the bit the very first time I used it . Very cheap , very poor quality .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 This bracket purchased with same brand mailbox . Apparently , however , it only works with certain plastic models , not metal boxes . Construction is also flimsy . Used a piece of wood instead and sent this back to vendor .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 On two of the three extensions , the spring-loaded ball would NOT compress , and you could n't attach a socket to it.I tried hammering it , and even put them in a vice , but no luck . That ball would n't budge.Chalk it up to experience .
 Its a cheep set . Extensions fit sockets loosely and sockets do n't stay on . For under $ 4 what can you expect.I have replaced them already .
 The shaft of each piece is a different length , therefore only one of them actually locks into place on my Makita Impact Driver . Poor quality ... But luckily the end is too long so I can grind the end of the two to make them fit .
 Its just a set of cheap china set of Socket Adapter for Drills . Already broke four . They should work okay for the home owner . I knew what I was buying , its not the sellers fault . At the breakage rate I am having = craftsman . For a little more money = made in USA , forged , not cast cheap metal . The seller is great . Its just a cheap product .
 Easy ... broke the 3/8 in size one in five minutes with moderate force . Bought these because they were cheap ... bought a set of Craftsman that have now been through serious abuse - true it cost more ... but just that one time I needed the driver to work -LRB- on my boat -RRB- it failed . Not worth the aggravation .
 I ordered this set with a Makita corded impact driver . Tried to see if I can loosen up the wheel bolts on my car . Could not loosen one , took out the second and the attachment snapped on the third . It may be just too much to ask of this set . I bought a replacement piece , forged , for more than the cost of the whole set . So far so good , but I am clearly more timid to apply full force . Realistically , with the narrowed part on the hex shank , it may be too much to expect the tool to take the abuse of the impact driver.I believe Amazon should not be recommending this set to go with the Makita driver .
 rusted within a few weeks , while still in the package.functions fine.would never buy again basically disposable.the rain in spain falls mainly on the plain .
 this is a very poor quality socket adapter set . the first time I used the 3/8 adapter the metal ball flew right out of the adapter . If you want a cheap adapter set I would recommend that you buy it from Harbor Freight .
 unknown brand attachment , the image quality are physical but something else , using them with the impact drill I have broken two of these pieces , whether they will buy this type of accessories that are name brand and Avoid discomfort
 Sockets do not stay on the bits.Usable , but not very ... Spend a little more , buy something that works well ...
 not the best . sockets slip out real easy . i suggest getting a better quality not this set . If you need a cheap set that works then this is ok .
 One of this did n't fit in my drill and it does look chip , but that what you pay for .
 I have purchased two of these from the same seller via amazon . The first set was perfect and exactly like in the picture with one slot in the shaft for the bearings in the driver chuck to connect . I liked it , and ordered another to have one in a dedicated portable tool chest . The second set was ordered using the same link , but was not the same socket adapters at all . There were two slim slots in the shaft and got immediately stuck in my dewalt 18 volt impact driver . I had to rip it out with the assistance of vice-grips and persistent knocking with a second wrench . The first set is nice , but the second almost damaged my far more expensive tool .
 I bought them just to have in a milwaukee kit bag I have . I used the 3/8 '' once and put it back in the back with the rest of the attachments and bits . I went to grab it again about a month later , and saw that all 3 of them were rusted to hell . Its fine for what it is , a cheap set of adapters to get you by , but def not high quality . They did hold onto the sockets nicely and didnt crack or bend with an 18v impact on them.Bottom line in my opinion , if you want a set to last you a while and look nice in your toolbox , look elsewhere . If you dont care and just need something to get you by for a weekend , then these will definitely do that .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 I recieved my set a few weeks ago and it 's already back were it came from . That is to say , I shipped it back . This is a very low end bit set . The metal box it came in was bent and very difficult to open . Once open , the bits did n't stay in their holdings very well at all . The bits themselves are poor quality . Your better off spending the extra money for a higher quality set .
 I did not get what I expected when I bought this set of drill bits . I was fooled by the too good to be true price . While all the bits were sharp , every one I used -LRB- 12 bits -RRB- on their first project was bent out of the package . I expect bits to be sharp and straight - these were only sharp . They seem to work adequately on thin guage aluminum with a hand drill . If you need a filler set for occasional home projects , this set might be worth the money . If you need precise diameter holes - go elsewhere . Unlike other reviewers , I found the metal case to be adequate - probably by dumb luck , not design . This was my first Yukon tool , and due to it 's quality - probably my last .
 This set is the set for you if you do n't need to drill a round hole . Many of the bits just are not straight . Some of the larger diameter bits have so much runout that they cause the power drill to vibrate . I checked the bad bits in a Porter-Cable and a Milwaukee drill so ensure myself it was n't the fault of the chuck . I should have known you get what you pay for .
 This Bit Set is one of the biggest pieces of junk I have ever made the mistake of purchasing . The outer case was bent to the point where the lid does not close . The rivets used to attach the hinges were loose . The rivets used to attach the bit carriers to the case had been barely set . Some of the smaller bits were so short they could only be retreived by using tweezers . The length of the bits was bizzare at best . That is , some small diameter bits were an inch longer than other bits with twice the diameter . There was no progression in bit length ; instead , the lengths seemed to be totally random . The entire package arrived reeking of oil and the bits were obviously oily . The so-called titanium finish -LRB- and it WAS only a finish -RRB- looked more like someone had heated the bits in a very hot flame . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Purchased this drill and it failed 35 days later . Sioux refused to replace and had me send it to third party repair company . It has now been at the repair facility for two months . It appears from Sioux 's response to my complaints that they consider this adequate service .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The first 8 I tried to use broke ! Horrible Quality - thin , brittle and made in china . They are being returned to Amazon
 I have used the Bosch HS1924 Ground Rod Driver in my Bosch demo hammer for years . The Bosch catalog lists this tool as suitable for 5/8 '' and 3/4 '' ground rods . If fact , the socket of the driver is over 7/8 '' in diameter.If you drive a copper ground rod , especially 5/8 '' , expect the head of the rod to be mushroomed out of shape when you are done ; you will be filing or grinding away the mushroomed metal before a ground clamp or CAD-Weld crucible will fit over the head of the rod . This takes time . The grinding or filing usually removes the copper cladding , so the steel core is exposed to the weather and will rust unless the ground rod is CAD-Welded . Safety is another consideration ; because the Bosch driver 's socket is so oversized , this driver flops from side to side , and is quite hard to control when you are up on a ladder starting a 5/8 '' by 8 ' - 12 ' ground rod . Tool control is much less a problem with 3/4 '' ground rods.I would like to see Bosch release an SDS Max ground rod driver properly sized for use with 5/8 '' ground rods.If you install a significant number of copper 5/8 '' ground rods , buy an SDS Max ground rod driver tool sized for 5/8 '' from another manufacturer -LRB- I now use Tru-Cut Galaxy -RRB- ; you will be repaid generously in time saved .
 I though I was purchasing 6061 Aluminum tubing with a finish for a bimini top . This tubing has no finish , and was not eligable for return . I would not recommend purchasing any products from this Seller .
 Be careful before ordering - you do n't get the bottle of Loctite pictured , you just get a little sample tube . Rip-off !!
 The jack is junk trying to put the jack in the up position requires two men and a small baby . Someone is going to get a good deal on craigslist because that is where this junk is going
 this is an ok jack but cheaper made than hi-lifttitle is misleading on purpose this is NOT hi-lift brand
 They are n't worth 20 bux . . I had a set for about 2 hours . . with the vehicle sitting on them , the wheels wont turn , and the casters wont pivot . You need about 3 guys to push the car around . After moving about 3 feet , I noticed that the wheels were just chipping into my garage floor . One last push and BAM ! One of the wheels folded up like landing gear . I ca n't believe this company can get away with selling them . Buy beer instead .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I never got a chance to use it . The tool arrived missing parts and appears to of been previously used as a significant amount of the orange paint had been scraped off . Returned to Amazon for refund .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 I am in the process of laying about 250 sf of tile and purchased these bits to allow me to make cuts in 1/2 '' backerboard -LRB- cement board -RRB- . After one painfiully slow cut , the bit broke . I contacted Rotozip and they recommended using the RZ250 -LRB- 1/4 '' shank bit -RRB- . It 's working out very well ! RotoZip says that this bit should also work , but I think not . If you are cutting thicker cement board , pay the extra -LSB- money -RSB- and get the RZ250 bit .
 roto tile bits will do a good job on thin ceramic tiles for cutouts-straight cuts are hard-thick tile,marble,etc-forget it -- bits burn up quickly on cement backer board and at $ 5.99 are not cost effective . Buy a small diamond blade for your 4 '' grinder -- makita-dewalt etc. which are very effective , with a little practice they work fine -- wear a dust mask and eye protection
 I thought this tool was the perfect solution for my tiling project . Heed the warnings about not using it on floor tile or thick ceramic tile . I burned up a blade trying to drill through floor tile . It worked to make an irregular cut in the floor tile before it was installed but it took FOREVER . It was actually quicker for me to drive to the hardware store and have them cut the tile.It did work great on the cement backer board . I just noticed the diamond wheel for cutting tile and I am hoping that will be better .
 Used this blade with my Crain Supersaw 810 and the blade disintegrated shortly after starting . I was trying to under cut the brick hearth of a fireplace .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 The bit is fine but the vendor is worthless . The first shipment was lost and I had to wait a long time before Amazon would admit it and send another .
 Should have opened this a bit sooner - when I finally did , the pressurized contents appear to have exploded in transit . As a result , I now own an unreturnable -LRB- past 30 days -RRB- box of dried easy caulk with a bottle cemented in the middle . If you buy this , do n't do it online .
 I used this caulk and then set it aside for a week or so expecting that I could use it again . Wrong ! It dried up apparently as it would no longer come out of the container . Wrote to DAP and they ignored my email so I ended up throwing it away and it was more than 1/2 full ! Will not buy this product again . And as to the quality of the caulk , very poor smoothing properties . I use my finger to sometimes smooth the caulk , the problem with this product is that it skins over very fast and is on the thick side making smoothing the caulk difficult . Would only recommend this product if you are going to use the entire can at one time .
 i ordered a spline to sds max and got a a spline to sds plus -LRB- never heard of sds plus . thought that would be the max.i was wrong -RRB- . i would like to return this item . how do i do this ?
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 The countersink for the screw head does n't get cut w/o great force on the drill . The allen screw wrench hole was stripped very quickly , so that it was impossible to fix the countersinking part of the tool relative to the shank drilling bit . In a quality countersink , the shank drilling bit is tapered , but on this tool it 's straight -LRB- constant diameter -RRB- .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 There was a time when American Standard used to be at the pinnacle of quality when it came to plumbing fixtures and products . Sadly , this is no longer the case . Like most American corporations quality is no longer the costly roadblock to massive profit . The faucet is manufactured in Mexico . It is made of mostly plastic material with very little brass in the faucet itself . The faucet I replaced was also an American Standard , made in the USA , and it lasted for 60 years . It weighed about 4 times as much , was solid , chrome plated brass , and could well work again if I could hunt down some small component for the cold water part of the faucet that finally wore out . I was really shocked at how cheap and flimsy its modern day predecessor felt out of the box . I truly felt ripped off and angry . I was tempted to return it but my mother had gone long enough without a fully working faucet in her laundry room . Also , with the free shipping , no sales tax , plus discount , I probably was n't going to find a better faucet for the money.That is not to say it was worth the money I spent , because it was n't . This faucet is JUNK.I installed it , and it works fine , but I honestly do n't expect it to last inside of 5 years . *** Update
 Works fine except that the kinked spout directs the water on the back of the tub . Poor quality control . No shipping damage . Factory defect . This product was purchased at Amazon.com .
 i used this like , 3 times for my 10lb mini poodle 's nails and then it became useless i.e. i 'd try to file her nail down but nothing would happen . i kept trying to press harder and then finally realized the sand paper was smoothed down too far to sand anything down . i 'm sticking with the larger drums that came with the dremel nail grinder . the big ones work fine anyway . no real reason to get the smaller one in my opinion , unless you have a super tiny hamster dog .
 i was tricked into buying this product because i bought it in good faith on the description but it failed to inform me of a very important fact ; i could not use the tool because the dremel i purchased was not compatible with the Australian standards .
 I purchased this tool for use with 8-32 steel Rivnut inserts . I found that the threaded 8-32 tip was very loose when threaded into the insert.Basically , the thread on the tool tip was severely undersized and only minimally engaged the thread in the insert . When the tool was operated to cinch the insert , the threaded tip stripped out of the insert before the insert had deformed enough to lock into the sheet metal that was receiving the insert.In fact , when unscrewing the tool , I found a thin `` curl '' of metal around the threaded tip ... it was the thread metal shaved off of the inside of the insert !! As I find more and more in these days of cheap tools , I had to `` remanufacture '' the product . I am fortunate to have a lathe and a full compliment of metal working tools . I had to cut off the 8-32 tip and drill , tap and thread in a length of 8-32 threaded rod that had the correct thread diameter . A lot of work.The result was a useable tool ... now the thread on the tip fully engages the insert and it does not strip out before the cinching takes place.To further add insult to injury , I found that the knurled `` nosepiece '' corresponding to the 8-32 tip was threaded at an angle relative to the axis of the tip so that it would not seat properly in the tool . So I had to rework that too!I now have a functioning 8-32 insert tool after a couple of hours of machining . I have not tried the other thread sizes but I expect similar problems.It is a shame since the basic `` metal '' is present in the tool ... it is just so poorly manufactured that it does not function.I may have received a lemon , but I believe what I found can account for another review that I read that indicated that the tool worked for awhile then failed.This is case where I would seriously recommend spending more money and buying another brand or finding a manual , simple wrench driven tool .
 I normally do n't like to buy cheap tools , but I needed this one right away and it was an Amazon Prime product so I added it to my cart . I guess I did n't realize the rivets I ordered were not , so I had to wait before I could continue my job any way.This tool does do the job it was designed for . So far , I 've been able to insert 6 6-32 aluminum rivets and 5 1/4 -20 steel rivets before it gave out . Just to get the tool to last ONE more rivet , I had to dismantle the tool , file down the burs that the guide pins got ground down at , put the inner handle and outer handle in a vise and squeeze it together . Then having to insert my own washer to take up the space between the inner and outer handles , then it survived one more rivet.Oh , maybe this is the only way to make this type of tool , but it has so many pieces that will definitely get lost , making the tool useless anyway . You will be required to have 2 vise grips or similar tools to change thread sizes.Given the choice , I would definitely pass on this one and spend a little more money and the time and get a better rivet tool.I give it 2 stars only because it does do the job , and easy to figure out . But again , it will be retired as soon as I find a better tool .
 I installed all of 12 rivet nuts with this before it broke . And by broke I mean the cheaply made item simply spread apart no longer pulling the rivets to crush them into the hole that was drilled . Then bars that pull the head wore a grove in them and then the tool actually started to fall apart . I took it apart to see if I could squeeze the sides together to hold it , no good since the metal lugs that are inside wo n't stay there . Cheaply made chinese junk ... save your money and time , get a good one , unless you only have to install 5 to 10 rivets , then throw it away , might work then . Guess you get what you pay for .
 These might be alright for AL or Brass but for steel you are wasting your time and money . For Al and Plastic ok but they give and you will not end up with a straight bore . I still have n't found the right tools for small bores but these are not it . One of them even bent the first time I used it and I was not taking a big cut . JUNK !!!
 shipping cost more than the component it should have cost not much more than envelope by weight but it was alot more.I will not buy from this organization again
 The specs as shown in the `` Brass C260 Seamless Round Tubing '' provided by `` Small Parts '' are inconsistent . For tubing , the `` OD '' should be equal to the `` ID '' plus twice the `` Wall Thickness '' . 56 of the 123 entries for round brass tubing are incorrect . You may not get what you expect if you 're counting on telescoping different tubing sizes . An example is
 I was quite surprised to find this on the Amazon website . And , the price was right and it was exactly the size I needed for my project , and came promptly .
 The Dewalt DW5351 for sale on other web sites show an sds-plus adaptor only . There is no chuck included in the price or description . Actually this description says adaptor with no mention of a chuck .
 The image is wrong ! It 's showing SPLINE adapter not SDS!DEWALT DW5351 SDS Plus to 1/2-Inch Chuck Adapter
 I am a professional contractor . We got these to transport 10 ' and 12 ' sheets of of 5/8ths rock . The downward pressure these things created was unbelievable . I ended up pulling/tearing ligaments in my right wrist and forearm . The standing position you must have while using these is very ` off ' compared to the conventional way of transporting ply/rock . I tweeked all sorts of muscles in my left shoulder and hip areas . I feel like I may have re-pinched a nerve in my neck . I ca n't count how many tens of thousands of lbs of drywall I 've carried throughout my career without having any problem . I can easily carry two sheets of 5/8ths plywood by myself . I 'm definitely no light weight and am very experienced with handling sheet goods.I could see it working for DIY homeowners who are carrying single sheets of 8 ' goods . It may have some advantage when you need to carry ply or drywall through a low doorway , as the handle enables you to hold the sheets lower than the way you would normally carry . I still would not recommend using this item if you have to make 20-50 trips with it . I believe the traditional way is much safer when moving a large amount of wood/drywall . Please keep in mind ; I made about 60 trips with these things . I 'm sure they 're alright for a few trips , but for professional use I do n't recommend them .
 i found this thing difficult to use . the tray is too wide for 1 sheet & slips , maybe designed to carry 2 ? you still have to bend over to slide it under . anyway save your back get the gorilla gripper . it lifts from the top & you can swing the sheet around w/o slip & slide . i used this to carry plywood to the roof . i threw it aside after a couple attempts . used straps instead .
 Bought it thinking it would help my carry my sheets into the house . Ended up carrying them under my arm which was n't so hard .
 Had to reorder product after first item was shipped to some unknown place . My address was correct as I received the first item I ordered . I reordered and it was again sent somewhere I do n't know of . I have tried two times and received nothing . Will try a third time .
 The product arrived in one week . The winch is fine , but the `` switch '' does not work . -LRB- does not recieve power and the battery is fine . -RRB- We called a dealer rep. repair shop and they sent us a new switch . The problem now is the wires on the new switch are too short , so they have to be spliced . We do Not have this working yet .
 take away the fancy covers and you 're left with a flimsey piece of junk that could be bought anywhere else for under $ 100 . I used mine less than 20 times to load a car onto a trailer and it simply pulled itself apart . threads in fairlead mounting bolt holes stripped out and flange on spool cracked and broke . structural integrity is shot so now gears are skipping .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 > : I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying , not 1 , what am gon na do with one ?
 Gloves were too stiff to be used in any type of work environment requiring manual dexterity . The Carhart work gloves were a better product for our use .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased what clearly reads 10/pr side shields for $ 2.00 , plus shipping . when the order arrived I recieved one pair ! The company told me that amazon was at fault for saying 10 pair , which should have been 1 pair . how odd that when the one pair arrived from texas america safety co. , on their very own invoice it reads 10 pair slip on side shields . I contacted the company , and they sent me the other 9 pair , two days later . As of today , almost 2 weeks later , the error was never corrected on the web site . I do n't really know if Amazon is wrong , or if Texas America Safety co is wrong , so buyer beware !! problem was solved for me , but how many others will be mislead here . .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 Gloves were too stiff to be used in any type of work environment requiring manual dexterity . The Carhart work gloves were a better product for our use .
 Gloves were too stiff to be used in any type of work environment requiring manual dexterity . The Carhart work gloves were a better product for our use .
 The item broke after 3 uses . It seems to be quite fragile ... needs to be made of a stronger material .
 The head of the sanding disk broke the 2nd time it was used . Now I 'm stuck with a bunch of sanding disks that can not be used .
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 This is the strongest suction I have ever encountered in a vacuum ! Gobbled up dust , dirt and spilled water on the garage floor . But when I tried to get water out of a carpet , the intense suction would not allow the vacuum to move . Not forward , not backward ! The info never said it was for bare floors only . I had never had a shopvac before , perhaps this is common knowledge . If you need to clear any uncarpeted floors , this is for you !!! Unfortunatelyi , I had to return it because I need it for carpet too . Perhaps some sort of re-design would let it work on carpet . The brush on the one tool did n't hold it off the carpet high enough , and that suction just attached itself to the carpet !
 Very dissapointed . I was looking for one that that would be powerful , but I did n't need a huge tank . This is n't much different than a cheap vacuum . It does n't pick up much . I would hate to see what the lower horsepower models do .
 this vac is easy to use but the filter stinks and it doe n't have any power would return it but would have to pay to do that so guess i am out 80 dollars . I had one that had less hp it was 2 time more powerful I hate it and really hate that with amazon you ca n't really return unless you want to be out a arm and a leg . Wo n't buy anything of much value from them again
 I have to agree withe the comments regarding the bags , and how much they cost to ship . Shipping is almost as much as the cost of the bags . Shop-Vac does n't seem to realize how great this vacuum is . All the others they make tip over . This one actually stays upright , and it 's powerful as well . If you use this vacuum a lot you 'll be spending more than the price of the vacuum every two months on the cost of the bags and shipping ! How expensive can it be to manufacture a bag , and why does it cost so much to ship ?
 The only problem I have with these little Shop Vacuums is if you need a bag , good luck finding the right one that fits . It seems they make thousands of these Vacuums and only a specific bag to fit that model , that they do n't sell where you buy the vacuum . The Shop Vac I have is so worthless now , I went and bought a rigid to replace it , because I could get bags for it .
 Disclosure
 I have one of these E87 series vacuums as shown and have used it infrequently forabout five years . Bags are expensive but I found a site online where they were halfwayreasonable in price and bought a bunch . It has been a very useful vacuum overall andI would have given it a four star rating but it suddenly died today ! No warning , justdied shortly after startup . This is NOT acceptable ! It the first vacuum I 've EVER hadthat just quit working . No fuse is shown in the diagram so who knows what may be wrong ?
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 They sent me the wrong length , 1-1/4 instead of 1-1/8 . Not a big deal , I can still use it . But unlike another size I got from them which was nice and golden yellow , these were oxidized dull dark yellow color like the pic . The stuff also comes off on your finger and you can smell it.Go for the golden color brass . Much nicer looking and does n't come off on your finger .
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 I really hate this product . If the crack was on a horizontal service it might have been a little better . I was repairing a vertical surface , and the first problem was getting the patch to stay in place . The actual epoxy mix was difficult to keep it where you wanted it , as it kept running . The finished job is probably water proofed , but it looks really crappy . Would recommned seeking other options to using this product !!
 Devcon White or Almond Bath & Tub Repair Kit . This product is not white . The `` white '' dries translucent yellow . If you want an opaque white that matches your standard white tub , buy another product .
 Worked to patch the hold but does not have a professional look . I was looking for a product that would restore the tub to it almost perfect condition .
 The almond color in the epoxy was not as shown on the package -LRB- it was much lighter than shown -RRB- . Not satisfactory ! Supplier said they were going to give me a refund . So far I 'm still waiting for it !
 This material is worthless for tub refinishing . The company that sells it needs to be shutdown . Made my tub look worse and cost me extra to have a refinisher take it off and do it right
 Bought this for a 2 &#34; x 2 &#34; ` T ' shaped crack in our tub/surround . The product worked as described , but the there are issues ... Prepped the area with a light sanding , and then wiped it with some denatured alcohol to remove any debris or grease . Cut the fiberglass cloth to size , and mixed the product per the instructions . Applied a base coat to the area , placed the fiberglass cloth on it , and coated it with additional epoxy.This is where it became a problem ... the fiberglass cloth would fray and ball up with each brush stroke , causing problems . I would pick the frayed strands out , or cut them if they needed it , and would re-coat . As the material would ball up - the epoxy would get harder to spread , and the problem would compound itself ... leading me to STRONGLY SUGGEST - IF YOU DO N'T NEED TO - DO N'T USE THE FIBERGLASS CLOTH !!! Now , as an engineer for 22 years , I 've worked with numerous epoxies - so if you DO USE THE CLOTH - mix the epoxy in 2 stages - squeeze out half of each part into the tray -LRB- DON &#34; T BREAK THE SEPARATOR SEAL -RRB- and mix that only - do a first coat that just barely covers , then do a another coat in about 1 hour . If you can - only mix what you need , then apply that as a thin coat - and repeat as necessary so that it does not run . MINE RAN , as I HAD to use what I mixed ... So - now I have to sand , and then coat with another product ... hope that helps . I ONLY GAVE THIS 1 STAR BECAUSE THE DEVCON ENGINEERS SHOULD HAVE PACKAGED THIS DIFFERENTLY , SO THAT SMALLER INCREMENTS COULD BE MIXED AND USED AS NEEDED.Hope this helps ...
 I used the product to &#34; repair &#34; a chipped almond sink . The patch material is in two pouches that are difficult to re-seal if you only want to use part of the quantity . the working and cure time are ok for the epoxy . I was not able to get a good match for my almond with the provided colorant . The prep procedure is a little tedious , but reasonable . the patch material went on reasonable well and seemed to cover the damaged area . It seemed to cure well within 24 hours . The major downside is that within a week rust streaks started to show though the patch.A great idea , just not right for my problem .
 I was not satisfied with this purchase . I got it . Opened it to repair my tub that is almond , and it only came with white repair . Dissapointed .
 I used one of these kits to repair a cracked I had in a tub at a rental property and 9 days later -LRB- tonight -RRB- I stopped by there and was able to peel the entire patch right off the tub . One end of it had started working loose . The whole patch remained intact ... Just thinking for one reason or another , it did n't bond well to tub surface . Tub was plastic.I am pretty handy and installed per manufacturers specs and felt confident with the job I did . Am contacting manufacturer to see what they can do ... Refund or new product would be nice.If you still buy this , do not expect it to look pretty or come close to color match . It looks just like it is ... A patch .
 used this to fill a shower base crack . Worked great for three months and then started to peel off and turn yellow.Now I 'm having to re-do it again . I followed the directions and it still did n't last . Would not recommend this product to fix a crack in a shower base .
 It took much longer to dry than was stated on the package and the almond color did n't even come close to a match , but it is a very strong repair
 Buy Plumbing sent the wrong faucet for the second time . Apparently they can not tell the letters DST from WF . I have now been without a faucet for over two weeks all thanks to Buy Plumbing . Never , ever buy from this company .
 I installed Epoxy Shield in my 3 - car garage one year ago ... Looks good , but started coming up where the car tires sit after about 6 mos . Now it is peeling up badly and looks terrible . I applied to a fairly good concrete floor and followed all directions . I ca n't seem to find if it is OK to just touch up the bad spots or if I need to remove the existing paint and start over . I would strongly consider another product as you would think holding up under car tires -LRB- it is a garage floor after all -RRB- would be the minimum requirements for this product .
 The header just says it all . Could have been just a factory odd piece that passed happened to pass inspection .
 I believed this was galvanized steel receptacle - not plastic with a cheap made bucket . I could have purchased something much cheaper and had the same look/feel . The bucket does not feel like Steel and the thing is light - more like aluminum . Maybe I misunderstood what ` Poly ' meant - that 's a mistake I wo n't make again . I purchased 2 of these items for a state building - hopefully , they last longer than a few months . I do n't recommend if you are like me , looking for something durable made of steel .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 The Donegan Pocket Magnifier is of acceptable Quality . Themagnification of each of the two lenses is about the same.An oportunity has been missed ; My other pocket magnifiers havelenses of substantially different powers . This gives me threeuseful magnifications
 I read the `` Certified N.O.P.E. '' review , and although it was a tad racist , I prefer to buy products made in the U.S. , so I purchased three of these magnifiers . Now that I have received them , I completely disagree with his review.I can honestly say this is the worst magnifier I have ever used . I have been a professional coin dealer for more than 30 years and have used a variety of magnifiers , from cheap to $ 100 plus Zeiss lenses . The Donegan glass distorts the image in the dead center of the lens and gets much worse just a little ways out from center . I have similar 2-lens magnifiers that were made in Korea and cost me $ 36 per dozen , that 's $ 3 each , that blow this glass away optically . Unfortunately I opened every package when I received them or I would return them . My first inclination was to toss all three into the trash . Zero stars .
 Nothing anywhere I read gives any indication of size of this item . Approximate size is 1 5/8 x 2 1/8 x 7/8 inches . Had I known the size I would have never purchased it . This size is inconvenient for my use . The lenses are plastic , product description says it comes with pouch and instruction book . I got neither.But the product description implies that the lenses are of good optical quality . I do n't find this to be the case . The lens is approximately 1 5/8 inches in diameter but most of that is not usable be cause of a distortion in the lenses . Magnification is stronger toward the edges , weaker in the middle . If you are looking at a page of fine print , as you move magnifier across the page , the lower lines moves up , higher lines move down , and the center line seems to move in and out near the center . This may be `` pin cushion '' distortion , but I am not sure . If you are viewing something near the center of the lens at near max magnification , the edges are blurry.I have owned both cheaper and more expensive lenses and none have had this problem . Buyer beware . But the housing/case seems to be of fairly good construction , but I have not used , do not know how well it will last .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 It looked like somebody dragged it on the road before it was shipped !! Unfortunate for me , I can not use it !!
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was pleased with the mic set but in the add it showed case and mic set . When I recieved it there was no case . If its not included it needs to be let known that it does not include case .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 Bought these quick corners hoping they would speed up prep-work , but they serisously do n't stick well . Sure they 're for `` delicate surfaces '' , but even on flat painted walls/ceiling that should be easy to adhear to , these corner tabs kept falling off and paint would easily slip under the edges . Save the troule and money and just use masking tape in the corner .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I normally do not write reviews for items , but , I was so dissatisfied with this product that I felt I should warn others of the quality . I purchased a package of 100 screws , and I am glad that I had plenty extra . I ended up throwing away 1 of every 4 screws . I discovered 2 problems with the screws . The first is that the threads are bad on some of the screws and would not thread into the # 8/32 bolts I have . I know it was the screw because another brand I purchased -LRB- shorter length -RRB- always threaded with no problems . Also for a good screw in this batch they also threaded with no problems . The second problem is that the hex head is not a consistent size . some heads would not accept the hex key in them , being to small , others fit just fine.Good price , but consistent quality is definitely an issue .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I got this item to repair the many car coffee cups that I have that tend to dribble down my chin and onto my shirt and pants . The order did not work and I found the dimensions impossible to measure .
 Inside Diameter was supposed to be 1-7/8 '' . First O Ring was labelled as what I ordered , but but too small with Outside Diameter of 1-7/8 '' . Amazon promptly sent a replacement , but of the exact wrong part . I gave up and bought one locally for 1/3 the price .
 I was looking for rings to replace lost broken or old rings on my favorite coffee travel mugs . These rings did not work .
 I am displease the Amazons customer service . all I 'm asking is that someone help me with the matter .678 983 5360 or ericlandress@gmail.com
 The picture is wrong . In the Item # T436-1XRL , the R means Ratchet Stop . The picture is of a micrometer with a Friction Stop .
 I did n't ' use these parts because there is no internal metal sleeve and I only like to use aire nuts that have that sleeve to ensure a great electrical connection between the multiple wires .
