 Arrived in OK condition - box was torn on one end , and taped back together , but nothing was missing - one tube was nicked like it had been hit with a forklift spade or something , but that was purely cosmetic . Went together very easily , and is very sturdy . Overall , not a bad buy for the money .
 The package arrived damaged with a chain missing , however , that was not Amazon 's fault , but the carrier 's . The stand was well-packaged inside with bubble wrap around each piece of the frame , so it was undamaged . This stand is extremely large and very stable . My husband is very pleased with it .
 I was a little skeptical from reading some of the reviews , but went ahead and bought the stand and hammock combo . Both the stand and the hammock are very well made . This set has no problem supporting 3 people , roughly 200 lbs . More than that I think the hammock will touch the ground . This is an issue with all hammocks , because most are made to stretch . So far I am very happy with the purchase . The price at Amazon is very hard to beat , -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- delivered for both stand & hammock .
 I purchased the hammockstand and hammock in two seperate orders . I received the hammock than used the Ups tracking on the day they said it went out for delivery , itstated that the carrier refused it due to damage and that it was being returned to sender . The next day the Ups delivered it with an apology from the driver and said that he was told to deliver it to me . The box it cam in was worn , and nothing but tape all around holding the box together . After taking the stand out of the box it went together in less than five minutes . The hammock stand is great with my only complaint is how it was shipped . One thing also is the customer has to supply the hooks and chains which costs around four dollars .
 I ordered the hammack and stand together , great price for both items . I did receive the hammock but FedEx return the stand to the shipper because of damage . Amazon did send a second stand out so now I have both the hammack and stand that I ordered . The only problem is that Amazon now wants to bill me for the original stand I never received . Hopefully , we will get this resolved . However , it is NOT worth the hassle to order this product from Amazon .
 I would never have been able to get this monster home from the store , so the free shipping was a great deal . This stand went together easily and does appear to hold the rated weight of 450 lbs . -LRB- it has had 300 lbs on it at once -RRB- . The stand is sturdy and functional . I did not have the same experience as other reviewers with damaged packaging -- the box was in very good shape , and each individual piece of the stand was wrapped securely in bubble wrap ! Even if the box had been damaged , the metal stand would likely have been in fine shape . As others have mentioned , the stand must be completely disassembled if you want to move it , but really it 's not that difficult to take apart or put together , so this was not a major inconvenience to me .
 The hammock stand assembles -LRB- and disassembles -RRB- extremely easy , no tools needed . VERY heavy duty with a nice powdercoated finish . Simple plan to hook up the hammock .
 I 've been using this stand -LRB- and the hammock combo -RRB- for about 6 weeks now and I could n't be happier . The stand is 5 pieces that go together easily , no tools , muss , or fuss . It was exactly what I needed since my yard has exactly one tree.The hammock that Amazon basically gave away with the combo is not the best hammock you can buy -LRB- I mostly use my own -RRB- but you ca n't really argue with free . It is a almost too short for my 6 ' height and the ropes are quite a bit thicker than the hammock I had previously -LRB- and still mostly use -RRB- . I take this hammock with me on picnics and such and figure it 's disposable if it gets damaged while on the road.I am not a small person , 6 ' 270 lbs. , and I do have the hammock in the highest position using the chains , but I have had no problems with the stand or the hammock . Two good sized people and a child have used the hammock with no problems -LRB- still under the stated 500 lb . limit -RRB- . Because of the simplicity of design and the easy breakdown and setup I have taken the hammock to picnics and parties in my trunk -LRB- I do have to fold the back seat down to fit the long pieces -RRB- . My only wish were that the pipe ends had some kind of rubber seal , or maybe a locking pin , that would make it a little easier for one person to move the stand around when mowing -LRB- it comes apart easily if you try to pull on one end , but never while using it -RRB- . If you have two people carefully moving it there is no problem , with one person you have to walk it back and forth .
 Essentially this stand is 5 painted pipes . Big , thick painted pipes . You have two bases that have a V-shaped coupling in the middle on top of them . One pipe connects the V couplings of each base , which then causes the other ends of the V couplings to be angled just right to put in the two remaining pipes that extend upwards.The exposed ends of all the pipes are covered with rubber caps that fit tightly so not to fall off . You get two chains that attach to the highest points of the stand , and then to your hammock.Short of planting perfectly placed trees , and waiting 20 years , this stand is a great way to get a nice hammock into your yard . It 's assembly and disassembly is so simple that you might even consider taking it to a friend 's house for a weekend party .
 I bought this stand ... when they had the stand and Swing N ' Things 575 Hammock bundled for -LSB- money -RSB- . So far its more than worth it . The stand is pretty heavy -LRB- about 40 lbs -RRB- and very strong . Only thing that would be nice to have on it is the ability for the pieces to interlock so you could lift and move the stand around easier . The connecting tubes are reinforced with thick colors on the ends to keep the openings from expanding and the paint coats all of the outside of the tubing and some of the inside . The end caps on the feet are made of a rubber/plastic type material that does n't slip and does n't do a lot of damage to wood decks . Though if you push it around on your deck , the weight of it will leave some light indentations of where you 've been pushing it around . We had no problem with 2 adults on it.When i received the package , it was missing the hammock supporting chains , but after calling the manufacturer , they happily shipped me the missing parts via 3-5 day UPS ground
 Summer time means Hammock time for my family . We do not have the right trees in our backyard to support our hammock so this was the perfect purchase - not to mention the free rope hammock . We have not had any problems with the construction of the stand and are very pleased with the quality and value of this item .
 We live in the desert where trees are scarce as rain , so a stand was a necessity if we wanted that swingin ' - in-a-hammock experience so key to summer . This stand has been sturdy and well-made ; it holds two adults with no problem .
 This is a great hammock stand . I bought it for my husband along with a great hammock from amazon for his birthday last summer . This stand is so strong and durable . My husband and I and all 4 of our young children have laid in the hammock and it never wobbled . It 's easy to move to mow around and the green blends in with the woods and grass around our yard . A MUST FOR ANY HAMMOCK USER !!
 I like this hammock stand . It 's not stupendous , but it 's quite good . It 's sturdy and easy to assemble.The only thing that is n't quite right -LRB- but is still functional -RRB- is that , due to the `` V-bars '' -LRB- the ones that project up from the ground -RRB- not fitting very tightly into their supports , the V-bars move a little when I sit in my hammock . It 's not a big deal , but I feel that I should sit down carefully ; I 'd prefer if I did n't have to sit down carefully . That 's the only reason that I give it 4 stars intsead of 5 . I 'd recommend this hammock stand to a friend -LRB- it 's good for the price -RRB- , but I 'd mention the bit above too .
 product was very easy to set up , about 10 minutes . very sturdy as well .
 We ordered this along with the K520M pressure washer and it was a delight not to have to change nozzles , just twist the top . We found the rotary nozzle the most useful and used the least amount of water , and could adjust the pressure by the proximity of nozzle to the surface being cleaned . The other settings were useful depending on what we were trying to clean.We were very satisfied with the results .
 I have been talking about planting asparagus for years and I 've finally done it ! It 's my favorite vegetable and I 'm tired of paying for it when I can grow it on my own ! I planted these in April and I get so excited every time I look at their growth ! All of my roots sprouted however some are still very small while the others are flourishing . I 'm a first time planter so I 'm just excited that anything looks like it 's growing ! I ca n't fault the seller because it 's probably my fault that those couple are n't growing . If I ever decide to expand my garden I 'll definitely be ordering again . : -RRB-
 We received the roots from Forestmaker in May and they are doing absolutely wonderful !! We are amazed at their rapid growth . Ca n't wait 'til harvest time !!! Thanks again !
 These were quite large for what I was expecting ! Healthy and fat roots . I planted , and the came up within a week ! Great product , well packed , shipped right away !
 We planted the roots and all seem to be growing slowly . Used plenty of rotted manuer mulch in deep trenches ...
 My husband and I assembled and stained this table . Looks great and easy to build .
 This was an easy project I went to the local hardware store , had them cut the 2x4s . I came home assembled the table took about an hour . I have a sturdy , right size table .
 This was perfect for me - I was pricing tables for the garage and nothing cheaper that 200 - I set this up as a work bench and it works great
 The blue birds seem to enjoy this product and they keep coming back , that in it 's self speaks for the product .
 We bought these to feed blue birds and attract them to our yard and nesting boxes . We have found that other birds love them to , especially mocking birds and wrens .
 Great product . . I am a repeat customer and will continue to be one . This is a good winter supplement for all kinds of birds .
 I live in Indiana and decided to feed the birds after a heavy snow . My feeder is constantly full of a variety of birds . I love that the nuggets leave no mess like seeds and after two weeks have not had any squirrels . I will buy this again .
 We tend to keep both suet and nuggets out depending on the time of year but we do find that bluebirds do atract to this feed better than just suet . The problem is more they eat it so fast you can go through a lot quickly.I wish they had a bigger bag size but do like that the current option has a resealable bag .
 Cute garden flag for a Dane owner . The fabric withstands the windy winter here in Pennsylvania . Vibrant colors that looks great .
 An excellent way to display plants on a deck or in an apartment with limited windowsill space . The top mount rod can swivel from side to side to allow for added hanging possibilities . It can be hung from either the wall or the wooded window frame with plenty of support .
 Great addition to have . If not needed you can just use the hose that came with the washer . If needed it gives you the extra length . Moving the washer , soap , and garden hose is a pain . A longer pressure hose solves the problem
 When I bought my new Karcher pressure washer , I was not sure if I needed an extension pressure hose . Well , I figured pretty quick when using the pressure washer in real life , that it was not fun at all when washing the sidewalks around the house , that I had to pull an electric extension cord and a regular water hose around the house with the pressure washer . For washing the car only , the standard pressure hose works fine as long as park the pressure washer close to the car . But for serious work around the house , the high pressure extension hose is a must and a great addition worth well the money spent for much less hassle .
 This outdoor atomic clock has been really been performing well . It took bit of time for it to realize where it was located as far as zone but told husband to set the zone and be patient with its setting the time . We have it located under a patio cover with no rain or sun affecting it . The good packaging and fast arrival were most appreciated too .
 Does just what it is supposed to do . Keeps accurate time , temp and rel . humidity . Large enough to read easily.Io
 It was everything we wanted . We set it up but it only lasted 2 days . We are in the process of returning for replacement .
 The clock works perfectly and I was surprised to find the temp and humidity sensors are very accurate -LRB- compared against a known good source instrument -RRB- . I am in northern Arizona . The WWVB signal here is quite good , hence no problems at all with the clock setting itself . Note
 This lovely clock was easy to set up and looks very elegant in our out door area . We like all the facilities of , time , humidity and temperature .
 This outdoor clock is exactly what I 've been looking for . It 's easy to read with nice big numbers , has a thermometer and humidity gauge too . The size is perfect at 18 inches and it seems to be very durable . One of the best features on this clock is the `` radio controlled frequency '' , which automatically sets your clock to the correct time everyday . I definitely would recommend the La Crosse Atomic Outdoor Clock to you . The price for this clock is certainly reasonable ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 It is beautiful , gets lots of compliments , and can be seen from across the patio to time cooking on the grill . We like having the temperature and moisture available too . Keeps great time and looks really classic .
 This will be the third outdoor patio/pool clock that I have purchased in the past 5 years , and this one is by far the best . Easy viewing from anywhere in the yard , accurate and low to no maintenance . Very attractive and great price too . Just be patient with initial time search , trust me it is worth it .
 love it - but that atomic part does n't work in my area so had to set it manually . Took a while to figure out but works great and is easy to read from the garden .
 I know the owners manual and website say this item is only good for outdoors if left dry and above 41 degrees , however I can honestly dispute that.I have had 2 of these clocks outside in my backyard since December 2005 -LRB- over 4 + years -RRB- . . no issues at all . The 2 clocks outside are on a fence where it gets beat up by all the storms and hot sun ... as well as this past winter , we got down to 8 degrees -LRB- yes , 8 degrees in Dallas -RRB- ... . the clocks are both still running great ! absolutely no impact by the storms or deep cold . The other is mounted on the house where it gets beat up by the cold , sun and heavy steam from the Hot Tub ... also no issues.So regardless of what the website or owners manaual says , I can vouch that these clocks work great over many years in deep cold , strong winds , heavy storms -LRB- and yes , getting totally soaked -RRB- and direct Texas Sun.I HIGHLY recommend these for all
 I 've had this clock for about a year . It worked fine throughout the winter even in -10 F temperatures . In the summer , it catches some late afternoon sun , but this does n't seem to have harmed it . The original alkaline batteries are still working .
 I bought this clock so I could have the correct time when I am in the back yard . It does what they say . I inserted the batteries , and with-in a couple of hours the correct time was displayed . It is also nice knowing the humidity and temperature . It is big enough so I can tell what time it is when I am 40 feet or more away from the clock .
 I have had it for little more than a week now and very pleased with it so far.I had one other automic clock -LRB- small project style -RRB- by La Crosse . It never used to update the time properly . So , I was afraid this would be the same . I took my chances and bought it anyway , as it was the right size and I could not find anything that big with a thermometer and humidistat in a local store.I am plesantly surprised that it synced up the time perfectly overnight . It is a pretty sturdy construction unlike the other clocks I have seen in the stores . I am using it in the family room and looks very grans . I can read time from the next room without any problem . It looks very close to what you see in the picture.Humidistat seems right . Thermomemeter seems to show 3-4 degrees less . That may be due to it being mounted on an exterior wall which is slightly colder than rest of the room .
 RECIEVED AS ADVERTIZED . NO SURPRISES . SURVIVED SEVERAL WIND DRIVEN RAIN STORMA AND STILL TICKING
 I have had this clock on a screened porch for about two years . It is amazing ! I have only changed the battery one time . It keeps excellent time and it has automatically changed between standard and daylight saving time without a problem . I highly recommend .
 I bought 2 La Crosse Atomic clocks . One for the house and then this one for my husband . I really like them ! They look nice and I love that they are accurate in time -LRB- since my husband and I tend do dis agree at times -RRB- ! Takes some time and patience with getting them to set the time/timezone . They have to get a signal , etc. . But overall , great !
 If you 're looking for an attractive outdoor clock that will heartily withstand the elements , this is a great buy . I bought mine last summer to use by the pool - the large face and numbers are easily read from a distance , although you need to be fairly close to check the temp/humidity readings . It 's been hanging unsheltered on a fence for over 12 months now , through baking hot temperatures in the summer , ferocious rainstorms year-round , and below-freezing weather in the winter , and it has n't lost a single second . It 's also still using the SAME BATTERIES it was a year ago . Not sure why other reviewers felt this was n't a good outdoor clock , because mine has been going strong since day 1 . Definitely recommend !
 It was extremely easy to set the time the first time . I have it mounted on a shed outside and it does get wet when it rains yet it still is working fine . However , we do not have very much rain and the temperatures are very mild here .
 Just what I needed for pool side . Do n't want to tan too long ! Easy to read from all over the yard .
 Good product it really worked out well for me . It was better than I had expected when I purchased it .
 The atomic clock includes temp and humidity . It is very good looking and the grey-silver color looks great on our outdoor shed .
 it worked immediately , it picked up the atomic clock signal and quickly adjusted to the correct time . it is a great size , easy to read face
 Nice looking easy to read clock . Hung it outdoors under an awning to help protect it from the elements . Save the package mounting screws and install a safety chain . That way it wo n't blow off the screw .
 Clock arrived within 2 days or order . It is a nice finish for the price . Easy to set to time , directions easy to follow . Looks nice in our kitchen as we can see it from the living room too .
 I read some reviews and was a little skeptical but purchased anyway . I was not able to get it to connect with atomic clock initially for auto setting . However , after manually setting it and checking with my Citizen Echo Drive watch that does sync the clock appears to be working . Right now all I can assume is that it is now syncing but other than checking with another device there is no way to guarantee it does .
 I purchased this clock 3 years ago and it still works great . Has kept perfect time , resets itself at every time change and still has the original batteries that came in the box . We have a pool and it 's great to have a nice size clock to be able to see while lounging in the pool . It still looks great and has n't weathered a bit . It is hung under a deck but still exposed to rain and moisture which has not hindered it 's effectiveness . I love it ! I 'm ordering another one for my daughter-in-law .
 This is a very nice outdoor clock . It keeps good time and is easy to see from anywhere on our back porch . I found this same clock at a local home improvement store for nearly $ 15 more . The price at Amazon was the reason I purchased it here . I am happy with the clock and recommend purchase if you have a place you can locate it where is is somewhat sheltered from the elements .
 This clock is wonderful and beautiful . It looks very `` silver '' on-line , but it 's more `` bronzy up close . I wanted bronze and thought I might add some paint . No need to do that , however . It was very easy to set up , after I re-read the instructions . I 've had it a week now and it keeps perfect time . So very happy with my purchase . LaCrosse `` rocks '' ... so does Amazon ... P.S. the size is great , I am using it in my living room .
 love this clock , keeps perfect time and temp . put it in my garage and I live in Wisconsin so it definitely works in the cold .
 The clock automatically advanced to the correct time immediately upon inserting the battery.I have it outside on a covered patio . Very happy with the design and performance .
 Clock is attractive makes a nice office clock . It seems a little flimsy and does n't seem to be receiving the signal from the atomic clock .
 I 'm ordering my second clock for my mother . I mounted one outside on a pole with no protection about six years ago . I change the batteries maybe every other year . It is in full rain , full sun , below freezing , snow -LRB- although not much in eastern TN -RRB- . Keeps perfect time , temp and humidity still works . You never need to set the thing . Crazy good and reliable .
 Received clock and installed battery and within 30 minutes it picked up the signal and has been working perfectly . Would definitely recommend this atomic clock .
 This is just what I needed ! The right size , the right information , easy to read & easy to set up . I LOVE this clock !
 Great looking , being used inside . The clock immediately set itself to the correct time . We live in a rural area .
 Looks good in my backyard . Atomic technology always keeps this clock accurate . Looks sturdy and well built . I am very happy with this purchase . A bit on the pricier side .
 work like a charm , took few minutes to get the radio signal and set the clock right ! The 18 '' display is so easy to read from far away . The battery compartment is seal with a plastic cover for weather proof .
 My wife and I got this clock for our garage.It looks great , keeps the time , temp & even tells us what the humidity level is.Great clock , does everything we wanted .
 Looks Retro but runs like a dream , looks good and it 's USA technologyWe just keep staring at it oooing and ahhing
 Easy to read Atomic clock , once hanging , never have to remove to change the time in the spring and fall.Lovely to look at and easy to maintain . Perfect for my Florida lanai .
 Well-constructed and easy to read . Many `` atomic clocks '' require a complicated set-up procedure ; this one does n't . Looks great in our patio and keeps excellent time/temperature/humidity readings .
 This is a great product and was exactly as described . I use it indoors , and since it 's up over my fireplace , I wanted an atomic clock , because it 's a bit of a trick to reach a clock up there when you have to reset it during time changes . It keeps perfect time . Now I 'll only have to access this clock when it 's time to change the battery . However , it did take a couple of months before Amazon had it in stock to ship to me . So if you have the time to wait for this product , it 's worth it .
 I finally replaced my battery in mine after 6 years and still going strong . Do n't buy something else get this one and that 's more then 20 words . . HEHEH !!!
 I am ordering a replacement clock for one that we have had on our lanai -LRB- that would have been a screened in porch in Indiana -RRB- since June 2006 . It has worked flawlessly until now but the clock mechanism finally stripped a gear or something.The numbers and hands on the clock are highly visible making it easy to see from quite a distance . Accuracy is within a couple of seconds and it resets itself twice a year for daylight savings time changes . It has been a great clock and we have really become dependent on glancing over to see the correct time .
 The clock was purchased as a gift and is hung above the mantel in the living room . Great addition to a contemporary room and works well .
 First saw this clock while skiing at Big Sky Montana . Every chair lift had this clock at the base . I was impressed that each clock displayed the same time -LRB- a few chairs you could see two clocks at the same time -RRB- . I took a picture of the clock and when I returned home , I searched the web to try and find one . I immediately got a match with the item available at Amazon . My new La Crosse Outdoor clock is now prominently displayed on the patio of my house . It is easy to see the time , temperature and humidity from either the patio or from inside the house looking out the window .
 Atomic Outdoor clock purchased from Amazon on-line for a Christmas gift for my son in Australia . Could n't believe the speed and communication by Amazon in the shipping . The clock itself is just as I wanted . It looks smart , is very readable just had to read the instructions in setting it in another hemisphere/time zone . Would highly recommend this product .
 We needed a clock in our little house where I could see the time any where in the backyard . This clock did the trick , plus it has a thermometer as a added feature . Once again THANKS AMAZON !! : - -RRB-
 It is sturdy and accurate in time and each ` mometer . I especially like that the face is n't glass , for in case of a wind gust the glass wo n't shatter all over the patio -LRB- happend with 2 other brands -RRB-
 Upon opening package and inserting batteries , clock adjusted time automatically-Love the clockSize was what I wanted . Highly recommended item
 I have a similar clock and really enjoy it . It is quiet and changes the time automatically . I bought this one as a gift and intend to buy another one for me for the outside/garage . The price ca n't be beat !
 Its huge so I can see it from far away while mowing my grass . As anyone else , I am always trying to keep an eye on my schedule while outside . I do not like wearing a watch , so this was a perfect fit .
 Easy setup , trouble free . Very good quality product and the price is great . Easy to see and very accurate.Thank You
 This clock is a great product . I have had one for over a year and just ordered and received my second one . The original has been on my screened-in porch for over a year with temperatures from 20 degrees to over 100 degrees . No problem ! I did find the same clock priced from over $ 100.00 down to $ 35.00 , so check out the price before ordering . When I received my second clock yesterday , I installed the battery and placed it outside . Within 5 minutes it synced with the National Time Standard transmission and all I had to do was press the central time zone button . Hope you have good luck if you order one.Warm regards , J. G. WhitedAthens , AL &#34; Roll Tide &#34; 9 Jan 2013
 Just what I wanted . Great , no fuss , put the battery in and go . The outdoor clock have fine lines and is easy to see .
 Big enough to see time from afar - serving the purpose of why i got this clock . It 's beautiful and came as how i expected it would be - even better !
 Keeps perfect time and seems to survive all of the outdoor elements . I 've had many outside clocks and I usually have to dispose of them after a year . This one lasts and is very sturdy
 quick delivery and good condition.Clock easy to set up , looks great , and easy to see from a distance with the white background with black hands .
 Easy to set-up . It took the clock about 8 hrs to get in-synch with the time , and It has been working great ever since . Easy to read from entire yard and the pool .
 cant believe I got it for this price sturdy have had it outside for the last two months no problems works perfectly easy to read !!!!! Love it !!!!
 GREAT CLOCK ... . WELL WORTH THE COST . BIG SIZE MAKES FOR EASY READING , EVEN FROM ACCROSS THE YARD . TEMP AND HUMIDITY DIALS ARE ESSENTIAL AND EASY TO READ . BEST OUTDOOR CLOCK I 'VE EVER HAD !!! AND OF CORSE THE ATOMIC FEATURE IS THE ONLY WAY TO GO !!!
 The Lacross products I have purchased have always been superior to other brands and this purchase was was no different -- Very satisfied
 I received this clock and was immediately impressed with the size and weight of it.I put the battery in it and it set the time all by itself by finding a satelite . It has kept PERFECT time and is large enough to easily see from across the yard or pool . VERY satisfied with this purchase !
 It is a very nice clock with all the features you need . I can see it from a long distance in the yard . It was a great purchase .
 He 's not very technically inclined -LRB- who 'd think setting a clock would be very technical ? -RRB- , but with this puppy , it was a breeze . Put the batteries in , chose his preferred time zone and it set itself . He said it was pretty cool to watch the hands move.He was a little concerned about the thermometer always reading the same , but then we got a cold snap and he realized it works.Even though the frame is plastic , when it 's hanging on the wall you ca n't tell if it 's plastic or metal . So , it 's all good.I 'd highly recommend this .
 The clock itself is great , looks modern and works like it should . The problem is that the manufacturer only covers one side of the clock with the box , leaves the glass and 1/2 of the other side open , so I had to return the first one because it arrived with the glass shattered . The second one was scratched on the one side that was not covered with packaging . I kept it because I needed a clock and did n't feel like dealing with a second return ... it 's not so bad when you look at it from far away in a yard , but if you are looking for perfection , just be forewarned . Overall , for the price , I guess you ca n't be too picky , it 's a very good value .
 Got this so I could tell what time it was while swimming in the pool . for the $ 40 I paid it is a great product . Solid/heavy and easy to read from across the yard . I put the batteries in , hung it up and 30 minutes later it was set to the WWDC time . Piece of cake !
 The clock is a perfect size and can be read from a good distance . It was some effort to set the humidity guage at first but now it is working accurately . We will see how it stands up in the cold winter but other reviewers have not had a problem , one of the reasons I chose it . Now I can time my laps in the pool - an extra benefit !
 We love this clock . It is outside and big enough to read when across the deck . I like that it is atomic and does n't have to be set
 This is a great clock for a very good price . I 've seen this clock for over $ 20 more than what I paid here . It is outside by my hot tub . Alot bigger than I thought it would be . easy to read . Love it . Would recommend it to everyone !!!!
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this clock ! It 's Atomic-ally accurate , beautiful and easy to read from a distance away ! Ours is outdoors near our patio . Great value for the money too !
 The clock set itself almost immediately and has been a joy ever since . Easy to read and attractive . Silver/grey color looks great with our stainless steel grill ! Love it !
 This was a gift from my wife , a replacement for a similar clock that was damaged in a fire . It is precisely what I wanted , coordinates with a time server over satellite so it is always correct , easily readable from a distance , with barometer and thermometer on the dial.Thanks , Honey !
 We have two of these clocks , we use one inside & one outside . They work very well . When we got the second clock we could not get the time to set correctly . We followed the instructions but it kept resetting itself . I tried setting it manually and it still would be off by 2 or 3 minutes . Eventually I decided to take the glass face off and set it by physically turning the hands . That finally did it ! Keeps perfect time .
 We just love this clock , it was a great price , I had checked other places . We put it outside looks very nice and works great in all the weather .
 When I saw this clock I had to have it . I put it on our lanai . When I 'm out there , which is most of my free time , I can tell people who call from up north in the winter , `` I 'm sitting on the lanai and it 's ____ degrees . Also , I do n't have to run in the house to see what time it is or change the time back and forth in the spring and fall .
 I read the other reviews before I ordered , and was a little concerned about the atomic setting , but I followed the instructions and waited for it to lock on to the master WWV clock source like it says . It set itself to the correct time and is still right on . It took a few hours as the manual said . It is on our covered lanai by the pool in north Florida and works fine with time , temperature and humidity . Our temperature varies sometimes from a low the high teens on winter nights to upper 90 's with high humidity in the summer . Classy look , large Size and easy to read . Have been using for over a month and am very satisfied .
 We purchased this clock to hang high on a wall . We got tired of setting ours twice a year with the 10 foot ladder . This clock has a modern face ala Timex watch and a silver/pewter border . I 'm not crazy about silver , but it looks nice . Set itself quickly and has stayed accurate . It 's a good clock .
 I researched very carefully before buying this clock . The exact same item was available in numerous places for much more so I was skeptical that this was the same quality . What a pleasant surprise I got when it arrived . The exact same item for less than half the price . My husband is going to love it and I love a deal . It shipped very quickly .
 I bought this clock on clearance at Lowe 's for $ 15 -LRB- marked down from $ 80 ! -RRB- . It was n't until I got it home that I found the verbage on the package that it can not be left outside unsheltered , which was disappointing , that was my reason for buying it . So , I pull the thing inside whenever there 's a chance of rain ... only I forgot one time , but it still works like a charm ! I also did not see anything about it not standing up to the cold , it 's hit about 22 degrees here and no issues . It did take the clock overnight to find the right time , but it 's perfect now . I will still pull it in during the rain to play safe but for $ 15 , I 'm happy with it , probably would n't rate it as high if I paid $ 80 due to the `` not really outdoor '' precaution , but like I said , it 's braved the elements just fine so far .
 Product arrived quickly . So far , it seems to keep good time - it has only been outside for a month but that is still longer than any other outdoor clock we have ever had . We can see what time it is from anywhere in our back yard .
 Received the clock in good order , and installed the batteries and away it went . It took a few hours like the manual said to lock on to the master WWV clock source . It is on our patio in Florida and works fine with time , temp and humidity . Good Size and Bargain for sure .
 This clock is great . Keeps great time and the numbers are really clear to read from a distance !! A great buy !
 This clock is much better compared to anything I saw even at higher prices in several local retailers like Target and KMart . Note the case on this version is plastic , unlike the more expensive La Crosse that is metal . I decided to go with the plastic since I live in South Florida . The plastic case has a very well done silver painted finish and it could very well be mistaken for metal . I have the clock mounted on the wall of my outside covered patio . The clock face is bold and distinctive and very visible even from 30 feet away when standing in my yard.I had absolutely no problem with the clock picking up the atomic time signal . It did not set right away , even after a few hours . But this is normal based on my experience with another signal based time keeping device I have . -LRB- Atmospheric conditions , influenced by the time of day , affect reception of the time signal . -RRB- The next morning my clock was showing the correct time . I 've had the clock for a month and its been keeping perfect time .
 I guess I did n't realize how large 18 &#34; diameter really is . But it set itself right away ... actually took a couple of hours to get exactly on time . We live in Florida ... so we like the temp and humidity display . We 've always been satisfied with LaCrosse products.We 've been looking for a NICE outdoor clock with the mentioned features for awhile ... this is definitely worth the price .
 This was a replacement for one I received as a gift that lasted five years , this one may do better because the frame is plastic rather than metal .
 so nice to see the temp , humidity and the time , it 's large enough to see from the Pool , love the self adjusting time
 Excellent product . It fulfilled all my expectations for an outside clock . It is stylish and efficient . I have one other La Crosse clock outside on another floor of my house . Both give very similar readings for humidity and temperature .
 We 've had this for several years . It works great and is very accurate and is easy to read . Our friends liked ours so well , they bought one for their pool .
 If these clocks are sturdy and accurate enough to have on our golf course in Florida , then it was a right decision to put one out on our Lanai .
 This Atomic Clock arrived 1 day early . Easy setup since it syncs automatically with time server . Would recommend this product .
 Big , bold and super accurate . Mounted on the back wall of my garage , it can be read from most any location on my driveway . Given that it synchronzes display time with the NIST time standard , including automatically making DST adjustments , allowed me to mount it prominently in a higher location . The unit is quite sturdy and well built ; the electronics package is very well protected so the ` indoor/outdoor ' claim is a good one in my book ! Happy , happy !! The unit arrived in great condition , and the applied packing method was very efficient - the blue whales and the giant redwoods would have been very proud of you !!
 We keep one on our covered porch in a moderate climate - meaning lows down to 30s on about 30 days a year and highs above 100 for about the same . It has kept reliable time and accurate temperatures for about a year . I really noticed it when I went to change all the clocks for DST - it was already set . I just add batteries and use it , never having to touch it . We like it so much we are planning to get another one for a different part of the yard .
 We have a backyard pool and I like to keep an eye on the clock for length of workout . I bought one clock that lasted one season before refusing to keep correct time and when i searched for outdoor clocks , I found many of them were not weather proof . The La Crosse clock lasted 4 years of scorching Texas summers and we only replaced it because the rim was corroded . My husband reused the clockworks on a bike gear clock for our daughter . I bought the same clock for my parents when their outdoor clock failed . I have an indoor La Crosse clock that hangs in an awkward place so it is difficult to reach and change the time for DST and back . I see the latest description on the outdoor clock remarks that it is not meant to be exposed directly to rain but I intend to keep it out year round as we did the last one . The atomic feature works very well ; it 's fun to watch it find the time when first powered up . I like the appearance ; I like knowing the temp and humidity , especially when I 'm in the pool . I consider 4 years of constant use outdoors to be an acceptable lifespan , far above any other clock advertised for use outside . Amazon was very helpful when the latest one I ordered did not work and replaced it immediately . I will definitely buy another La Crosse atomic clock in the future .
 The clock is very nice -LRB- which is the primary function for which it was purchased -RRB- , larger than imagined , heavy but is pretty much as advertized -LRB- different sites quote different dimensions -RRB- . It is about 15 '' in diam . Mounting with bracket as supplied will need about 6 or 7 inches width . I shortened the cross tabs -LRB- requires cut-off saw or hack saw -RRB- and then redrilled the mounting holes so I could mount it on 3-1/2 inches width -LRB- a 4x4 post -RRB- . As delivered , clock can only be mounted in one direction -LRB- due to blind holes in bracket -RRB- , but it is a very easy fix to reverse if desired ; just drill through . -LSB- Tap drill is 5/32 '' and you can tap 10-32 as I did -LRB- or 5mmx0 .8 mm as they are virtually identical -RRB- or just drill bigger and use your own screws . The 10-32 -LRB- or 5mm -RRB- are a bit wimpy anyway . -RSB- Clock function is great , and likewise temperature and humidity . Temperature is easily adjusted to be correct -LRB- at least at one temperature -RRB- and likewise for humidity . If in the sun , it will register a very high temperature and very low humidity -LRB- as should be expected -RRB- so it would be important to mount this in the shade if correct temperature and approximitely correct humidity are to be expected . The barometer , on the other hand is little more than a curio . First of all , it will only read approximately correct if installed near sea-level . It is adjustable over a small range but is meaningless if installed at some significant elevation since it does not have a sufficiently complete scale and also , it can not be corrected to sea level . For example , my elevation is 2000 feet . Normal barometric pressure at this altitude is about 27.8 `` Hg -LRB- 706mm -RRB- which puts the baro needle on this unit pointing about straight down -LRB- off scale , no numbers -RRB- . I thought that I might be able to correct it to sea-level -LRB- like in aviation -RRB- but the adjustment feature only allows about a 1000 foot -LRB- i.e. , + or - about 1 `` Hg -RRB- correction so it is only useful if living + or - 1000 feet from sea level ... I thought that I might be able to use the tail of the needle as the indicator and be able to correct it to sea level -LRB- i.e. , about 30 '' -RRB- , but when trying to adjust it , it quit working altogether ... bummer . . Thought about returning it , but decided against it ; even a new one with a working barometer is worthless for my case . . -LRB- and how many of your friends would know what it means even if it were working ... -RRB- so now the needle is permanently stuck at high pressure -LRB- sunny and clear -RRB- . . a good place to be . Ultimate conclusion
 This is a real piece of artwork ! My neighbor calls it BIG BEN ! Very nice clock , very heavy , quite large so make sure you have the space . I wanted the clock to put on my cabana in the backyard by my swimming pool . But it was too large for the space so I put it on the house . Looks amazing there but like I said , its big ! I am very happy with my purchase .
 I bought this because we want to wait before buying a proper outdoor furniture set that can cost up to $ 800 for the kind of furniture that we like.The plastic construction of the product is very strong and looks very durable.The instructions are straight forward . 10 pieces required , 2 for the main support and 8 for the top . I used 6 pieces of Trex instead of 2x4s for the top . -LRB- See pictures of the light sandy colored topped trex table . -RRB- It was a bit tricky to access all the screw heads to get them in so that all went in at a slight angle . Also there is a very slight wobble left to right , but nothing bad at all and it is very sturdy if you 're eating on it . There is no wobble forward to back . Leveling is perfect . There are a few alignment problems but that this cost , who cares . You ca n't even really notice them.This thing is heavy . I 'm in a windy area and I know that this wont blow over.Total cost is around $ 90 with the Trex and short 2x4s for support.Trex costs around $ 16 per 8ft piece . I used 3 of these.For $ 90 , I doubt I will find anything as big , strong and durable as this . When we eventually get our furniture , This table will sit at another part of the deck.Update
 I read all the reviews before buying to make sure it was easy to put together because we 're not that experienced with tools . It was easy . Our only problem involved the recycled lumber my husband used . The pieces are a little un-even , but the plastic supports were very forgiving and still screwed down well enough .
 i am using this table outdoors for my indoor , frost tenter plants , which take a summer vacation from the house , i used pressure treated 2x4 's ... i will put on a coat of stain , if it ever stops raining.this table is easy to put together , if you can cut a 2x4 , and sink some screws ... predrilling the screw holes makes the job easier ...
 I caught this onsale 2 years ago for $ 20 shipped . I go the 4 footer and the 6 footer . Very , Very easy to build . Use pressure treated 2X4 / 2X6 's . I read the guys review that 1 starred this saying it was difficult . Its a no brainer . Cut each bard the same length . I wouldnt pay this much for the kit but about half price makes it a deal . I would get another set if and when they go on sale again .
 We saw these Wind Spinners at the beach while on vacation and my sister fell in love with them . We purchased this Wind Spinner and she was so surprised since they seem to be hard to find in our area . Very happy we made this purchase !
 This arbor from Plow and Hearth has gotten several `` wows '' from all who have passed under it . It is more than lovely to look at , with it 's intricate scrollwork , it is seriously sturdy . The wind wo n't cause any distress to this Arbor . We liked it so much we bought two!Arbor
 Very Effective!I finally found a great rental villa/apartment after months of searching . Imagine my horror to discover -LRB- after moving in -RRB- that it had a Fire Ant infestation . It was terrible . They were everywhere . Even spraying insecticides inside and out would only abate the problem for a few days . THEY JUST KEPT COMING !!! I did some research online and saw good reviews for this product and decided to give it a try . I used it outside around the Villa where I saw Ant trails , and honestly , the ant problem stopped almost immediately . It has been a month now and other than reapplying the product a day or two after heavy rains , the problem seems to be under control for now.I ca n't say whether the Ants will eventually develop and immunity to the product but so far so good.Believe me , it 's worth a try !
 I hate fire ants ! Now my son is highly allergic to them , so I resorted to the sure fire method of eradication - seek and destroy with Orthene ! I have tried everything , but this stuff WORKS ! I 've used it successfully for years . Yes , sometimes they move , but then I just get to hunt them down again and kill them . It stinks , but that just means it 's working . Love me some Orthene ! By the way , my yard is fire ant free . and now I am working on neighbors ' yards .
 I first had this product suggested to me by an old grizzled owner of a hardware store , so it 's got that going for it right off the bat . If anyone can be trusted to tell what the best stuff to kill something , it 's the elderly ownersof mom and pop hardware stores.Second , this stuff smells something awful ! And something that smells this bad has got to be lethal ! But here is the real facts . Scotts has come through every time I use it . Even in the worst of conditions . Recently , after Hurricane Issac , we had to toss out a lot of food that had spoiled in our powerless refrigerator . I was not looking forward to what all that rotten food would be attracting as it sat outside in my garbage can for five days . Eventually the ants set up a stronghold and moved in . Scotts was the only products I used , sprinkling some around the rim of the can and inside . By the end of the day not one ant was to be found -LRB- alive -RRB- in or around that can.This is a fine product that gets the job done . I use it not only on active ant mounds , but also to create stop barriers near doors . Highly recommended !
 Works great around the house . The afternoon or morning of mowing , walk around yard and sprinkle on mounds and later mow without ant issues . Camping is great when arriving at site and find a few mounds , just sprinkle on mound and by the time all is set up and your ready to relax most of all your ant issues are taken care of . With small children , it sure prevents them being covered and bitten by ants from mounds across the yard . It works so often our stores are out and in Wal-Mart it is seasonal so I buy it thru Amazon by the case and have it on hand .
 Iowa does n't have fire ants but a little Mexican lady showed me how effective it for eliminating roaches and my mother-in-law has that problem . I 've personally have tried it when living in Florida and it works superb !
 Used it for a roach problem we had in our house and after using sprays bombs and pretty much everything we almost gave up . Until that is we tried this product , does n't kill them instantly but infects all other bugs it touches just like the G-virus and kills them all >:D have n't seen a single roach in 3 months since using this . Just put it on the floor sometimes in countertops near the stove and fridge and that should take care of them >:-RRB- just clean up drawers and cabinets after a good week or so
 This product is the best . I used it to eliminate ants from my 3 acre property . Best way to use is when mowing on the lawn tractor - keep a bottle or two and do a drive-by sprinkle . In a season you will be done with ant mounds . BUT CAREFUL - THIS PRODUCT NO . -LRB- 0282010 -RRB- IS THE 6 OZ SIZE . PRODUCT NO. 0282210 IS THE 12 OZ SIZE . You have to read the product description fine print - Amazon should improve the labeling of this web page . I would n't use the 6 oz size unless I had a very few mounds / ants .
 There was a hole or pocket in my live oak tree where carpenter ants seemed to have formed a home . I sprinkled some dust in the hole . After 2 daysm I dont see any ants going in and out of the area in the tree . Maybe they have buried themselves in the tree or maybe they have just died ! I will report back if I see ants again in the tree.The ants seemed to be destroying the tree thats why this was very important for me .
 it took about 4 days to try different ways , the cats we were trying to catch were shifty ,1 st we caught a big something as we found the cage across the yard upside down , so we staked the cage to the ground , then they dug holes under the cage & got the food , then we tiewrapped cardboard on the sides so they could n't fish the food out & we finally caught all the wild cats to take to the shelter . We also caught opossums . Be careful & let them sit for at least half a day to move the cage as they are very angry . Good luck , it 's nice without the pests , well , now the racoons are here . Here we go again , I might need bigger cages . I suggest you measure out the size so you can see exactly how big -LRB- or small -RRB- this is.The smallest one is very small . I got 2 sizes , & caught in both .
 I initally purchased the Havahart 1025 and it was too small for squirrels -LRB- their tails stopped the doors from closing -RRB- . This size works perfectly . It 's easy to set up and peanut butter is a great bait -- caught 14 squirrels in four days and counting .
 Did the job . Seems sensitive , so the animals outfox me somehow . Set about 4 times before a squirrel is caught .
 The trap has worked like a charm . In the first two days after receiving the trap it has trapped five squirrels so far without any problem.I only open one trap door and use oil sunflower seed as bait to entice the little critters to come inside the trap . I haul them away to awooded location so they can re-establish another home place . No more eating the bird food!Havahart 1040 Live Animal Two-Door Skunk , Muskrat , and Opossum Cage Trap
 We enjoyed watching squirrels in our backyard until we planted our first vegetable garden . The squirrels began feasting on the produce rather than the peanuts we would set out . We originally purchased a Havahart 1030 to thin down the population . Although we caught several , we noticed several times how their tails would prevent the door from closing in time . The extra length of the 1040 prevents this from happening . We are now enjoying our garden produce and comfortable knowing that the 46 -LRB- and counting -RRB- squirrels were humanely relocated to a nearby lake .
 Based on reviews , I purchased this product over the smaller 5 `` x5 '' version to catch squirrels and glad I did . I can see where the smaller version may not work well with long tail animals . I had no problem with the latch mechanism out of the box -LRB- as reported in other reviews -RRB- . It took the the squirrels awhile to become brave enough to venture in , but within a couple weeks I 'm down 4 squirrels and 1 rat . FYI , I use a half ear of corn as bait with an elastic band to secure it to the plate .
 My main target is squirrels . So I went with this longer model over the 24 inch one in case a large squirrel prevented the doors from closing . I have had an amazing success rate . The trick for me is to set the two outside metal arms just offcenter of each other . This way , once the bait pan is tripped , the doors will release more easily . You 'll understand what I mean once it 's in your hands . Also , I use a smear of peanut butter most times instead of just a nut which can be easily swiped . Easy release and made well .
 I got tired of squirrels chewing up the lids of my plastic trash pails , digging holes in my lawn and trying to find a way into my house . I did n't want to kill them , so I decided to try trapping and relocating them to a distant wooded area.The Havahart trap worked great . I caught two the first day , and one the next . The design of the trap makes it easy to carry and release the squirrels without worrying about it opening and having a squirrel running around in your car.There are also a few feral cats and raccoons in my neighborhood which I 'd like to relocate , but I 'm not sure if this trap is big enough to catch them.The only thing I did n't like about the trap is that no bait dish comes with the trap . Peanut butter works great as a bait for squirrels , but smearing it on the trap trigger plate would make a mess that would be a pain to clean ... so I wound up making a bait dish out of a small plastic container . I clip it to the trigger plate with a strong spring clip so I can take it out and clean it .
 This trap is so simple my 3 year old can set it . We are baiting for squirrels that are creating damage to our house . Unfortunately we ended up catching an opossum . Catch and release is very easy with no damage to the animal .
 Easy to set up and very effective . Used it to trap a squirell that had gotten into my attic . Setting up and baiting the trap was simple . Kind of a big trap for squirrels but worked well none the less . Big size provides capability to trap larger rodents later if needed . One feature I really liked was that the cage is solid on top which means you do n't have to view the rodent during the kill and disposal phase . Once killed disposal is simple with no need to touch or even see the dead rodent . Only reason I did n't give this product 5 stars is due to price . Same trap is available at home depot for considerably less .
 It takes a few minutes to figure out how the thing works , the levers had to be moved a bit after the shipment , but it does catch the bushy-tailed pests all right.You must figure out how to dispose of them
 This product works great . Superfast shipping . I have squirels in my attic and they were pulling down my insulation . I caught 3 squirels and set them free unharmed . This cage is a great idea .
 This is a great trap for squirrels . I use peanut butter on the trigger and smear some at the front of each entrance to lure them in . If you remember to put down the lock levers , it 's very rare for a squirel to get to the bait without getting trapped . If you ca n't catch dozens of squirrels with this , your doing something wrong.I probably caught over 300 in the past 10 years with my last trap before someone stole it on me . These hold up well to years of service.I 've also hung these out my window balanced on my gutter to catch a problem squirrel or two in my attic.I doubt this would be the right size for a raccoon . The smaller squirrel traps are too small and squirrels can get out before the doors close .
 I got the trap , set it up , and three days later caught the skunk that was making our house unlivable.Took a bit of fiddling to figure out how to set it . The instructions could have been just a little bit more clear , but that 's a nit pick . Also , the first night I set it , I forgot to close the catches that hold the doors closed after the trap springs , and it was sprung the first night , so I might have caught the critter sooner and let it escape , not sure.Used kibbled cat food as bait . Seemed to work.Compared the single and double door traps . Not sure how much difference the two doors make , but a couple of previous single door traps we had borrowed in the past were not as successful . Also , Animal Control took the trap with them when the took away the skunk and we had to drive 7 miles and go through some hassle to get it back , so next time I will use the second door to get the skunk out of the trap into a box that I wo n't care about getting back.I was worried that the 7 '' x 7 '' trap would be too small for a skunk , but the skunk I caught was not an adult and was small enough to be able to turn around in it , so I think it would be fine for a larger skunk as well.It was a little tricky covering the trap to carry it out of the yard -LRB- to keep it away from our dog , `` Stinky '' -RRB- . I laid one trash bag over the top , and then slid the trap into another trash bag . It 's like the old joke
 Have had it for several weeks . Squirrels were eating `` ALL '' the fruit from our trees and harassing our birds . To date we have had 100 % success ; 11 for 11 . It 's well made , very easy to adjust and set up . Best to go with a 2 door and a larger size . We feel the larger size and open ends is less intimidating . Cover the trap with a sheet and drive it away . We do not paint their tails . It 's inhumane and reduces the squirrels ability to assimilate it its new milieu .
 Havahart 1040 . Other reviewers recommended this size trap for squirrels , rather than the shorter model , and it seems about right to me . I put put the trap on a flat roof near where the squirrel were entering my attic . I held a small plastic tray on the bait pan with a magnet and put in two 1 '' x 1 '' squares of bread coated with peanut butter and wired the trap open so they could eat the bait without it tripping . I replaced the bait a few times per day so they could all get used to eating from it . On the third day I set the trap while I was eating lunch and caught my first squirrel within ten minutes . I immediately drove about 8 miles away and released him in the woods . I then rebaited the trap and wired it open again . I only set the trap when I could be there to immediately remove the squirrel . I got four in three days and have n't had a squirrel in the attic since . There are still plenty running around in the yard but the ones that went in the attic are gone .
 I bought this trap to catch a squirrel that was digging up plants on our porch . I set the trap with peanuts and caught the squirrel in the late afternoon . Hopefully , it was the same squirrel and I do n't have to relocate any others .
 Received this product in a timely manner . Had no problems setting it up . Placed peanut butter in the center of the trap and caught a grey squirrel within minutes . So far I have caught 3 squirrels . Place a sheet over the trap when you go to move it when the animal is inside and they will settle right down while riding to their new destination . Release is easy too .
 Havahart 1040 Two Door Cage Trap for Small Raccoons 30 x 7 x 7Trapped 2 Squirrels in 2 days . Good trap , but you have to get to know it .
 I have already caught 7 squirrels in my yard using corn and sun flower seeds bait . This trap works really well . I had used a smaller trap -LRB- shorter -RRB- borrowed from a friend but the squirrels sometimes were able to get out before the doors slammed shut . Using the longer 30 '' trap this does not happen .
 Again I received my tree within 3 days and again it was well packed , happy and healthy ! Better than the picture !
 I used this sprayer to spray my fence with Thompson 's water seal . It worked great , very easy to use . Sprays very well .
 need some wire for plants that need good drainage ? Try this brand and this vendor . GREAT job on this -- and it 's ideal to what was needed . So glad I chose the correct wire.Fast shipping too .
 did what they promised and fast with excellent planting advice that is not found on the back of seed packets
 I really love the new 18-volt rechargeable batteries pack that goes with it . Some time ago I bought Black and Decker Cordless Trimmer that came with the same batteries pack . The batteries are so easy to put on and take off from the tools . Now that I have 4 batteries , I 'll never run out of power when doing yard work . BTW , the sweeper is very powerful , it 's a piece of cake to blow a good amount of pebbles off the stone pavement . And , another great thing about it is that it 's light-weight also , you wo n't get fatigue from using it .
 Somehow I lost my 25 year-old Bahco loppers that I found under some shrubs after the new ones from Amazon arrived . I had gotten two others that were so bad that I returned both of them , took the time to find the Bahco loppers on-line , and ordered them . They are just wonderful - like cutting butter . Certainly not the cheapest but certainly the best .
 I bought this to cut 2 '' branches from a bushy tree and it does the job . However , I still need to stand on a ladder to get to the higher branches.This tool is very solid and cuts well , yet is light.However , for pruning trees , the extension pruner might be more useful for its longer reach -LRB- although I have not used one myself -RRB- .
 We got this for my retired parents for Christmas . Once we had it set up , I found myself constantly checking on the temperatures and seeing whether the forecast was looking up or down . It 's seemed very accurate as we were planning our `` beach days '' around what the weather station said , and it was always right . Highly recommended . Easy to program , easy to use , and easy to understand .
 This product works as advertised . Display is easily readable and the clock synced up to the atomic clock overnight . The forecasting has been surprisingly accurate so far .
 It has what I was looking for , inside/outside temp , barometer , and forcasts the weather from 12 to 24 hours ahead
 I purchased this item as a gift . The reciepent called to say that the item was something that could really be used and appreciated . The numbers are large enough to see without glasses , most of the time . The time is accurate , as is the temperature .
 Though my review comes now , I have owned this model for about 2 years . I recently purchased 2 more as birthday gifts for relatives due to the interest in the one I have . One of the main reasons I wanted this product was the ability to add an additional remote sensor to the one that came with this unit , -LRB- which I obviously use outdoors -RRB- . I purchased one separately to use in my second floor apt . to get an idea of what the temperature was up there since I control the heat in my downstairs apt . It works perfectly . The outdoor sensor is about 80 ' away from the weather station and still manages to work fine even though it has to go through various walls . Though the batteries dont last as long as hoped , -LRB- 8-10 months -RRB- the distance of the sensor and living in the northeast could be the factors . The sensors and the weather station appear to be pretty accurate with their temp . readings as I have checked them against each other as well as my heating t/stat . The atomic time and date work as stated with no problems . All said , I would recommend this product .
 This is a good unit , but it does not provide indoor/outdoor humidity , only indoor . If you are looking for outdoor humidity like I was , keep looking . Aside from that , it is a good unit , especially for this price .
 I have had others in the past and this one is very similar in form and function.This is a nice looking unit and while it is all plastic it does not look cheap . It sits at an angle so the display is easy to read , the previous one I had from a different manufacturer sat at almost a 90 degree angle from the counter top so it would catch the overhead light and make the display hard to read.If you are looking for a basic weather station I would highly recommend this one , I bought mine on black Friday so the price was great .
 I have this for over a year in my home . It works great . No problems with it so far .
 I reaaly like the fact that I am able to see at a glance the temperature inside and outside and the humidity . Only minor problem if it can be called a problem is the forecast . The sun could be beaming down yet the forecast shows rain and vice versa , which is probably due to the barometric pressure . I would certainly recommend this item to friends and family should they ever ask about it .
 This is my second wireless weather station I 've owned . I like everything about this one , including the built in forecast feature and indoor humidity gauge . Links up well with the atomic clock , keeping good time . The exterior sensor is fairly accurate with a strong wireless signal .
 The new weather station is workinf just fine . Interestingly , the old weather station -LRB- Seiko -RRB- had a spontaneous remission so now we have two . Now my wife compares the readings on both and wonders which is correct .
 Length :
 I love a well engineered product . For me , these shears are the ideal balance between weight , strength , and overall function . Easy to grab , no cords or motors to start , and very quick work for light shrubbery etc. .
 Ordered the Bahco 23-inch P51 hedge shears after my old tru value set had broke.I 'm impressed these shears are build like a tank.From the soild steel handles to the hardend ground steel blade that came razor sharp that has a serrated edge at the base for cutting thicker branch material.The shears worked great pruning & shaping an over grown crab apple tree and various other weeping cherry trees ... I have other bahco brand hand tools that I really like and believe they make a fine quality tool that 's made in europe .
 This is an excellent little sub-pump at an excellent price . I use it to drain my -LRB- empty -RRB- swimming pool when water accumulates after a rain . It does a great job -- to conserve water usage , I connect it to a sprinkler and use it to water my lawn and plants . The flow is about 1/2 the water pressure of my normal water hose connection , but that 's plenty to run the manual sprinkler . I had one of these before that lasted over 5 years , even with some abuse -LRB- I would forget it sometimes and the pool would run dry , so it would operate without water flow - which cools the pump - sometimes for several hours -RRB- . I strongly recommend this product for the right application .
 The pump is exactly what I needed for my application . Went to local pool company where I have been doing business for years and they had the same pump but almost 70 % more in price plus tax . I went to an industrial supplier , and even with a discount extended through the company I work for , the same pump was 100 % more than AMAZON , plus tax.AMAZON delivered the same pump , free shipping , and NO TAX . However , I had to wait 5 days for delivery . Not a burden at all .
 Companies sell the equivalent of this pump , along with a hose -LRB- approx
 This spring I knew I 'd have water in the basement after all the snow this winter . I Bought this pump to have on hand to do extra duty along with 2 old pedestal sump pumps installed many years ago . Good thing I bought it ... one of the old pedestal sump-pumps died . It took up the slack well . I had to go to work one morning after I got 2 '' in the cellar and I left it alone for several hours unattended . When I got back to the house at noon the water level had dropped to a little over 1/8 '' and the pump was n't pumping . It got real hot but that 's to be expected ... it has no auto on-off . Anyway ... still works fine . Definately a good value ... of course it 's meant to be attended while in operation . -LRB- Not left alone like I did -RRB- WORTH THE MONEY ... great extra pump to have on hand . Solid steel construction .
 My old little giant quit after 7 years of continuous service lifting water for a 8 foot waterfall . The new pump is smaller physically but appears to be doing a fine job and fits better into the large container of lava rock which I use as a primary filter .
 I found this to be very reliable pump when our basement floods with water , as it does every spring . I am just purchasing one for my mother because it is easy to set up and use , without several switches and hoses to connect up before using it . All you have to do is connect the hose and plug it in !
 I have used this pump on the job for years . With three employers . I just found a better price .
 Hi , I had one of these pumps for years before it failed , was glad to find another just like it . So far this one is doing Great !! I bought it on Amazon.comThanks
 I needed a pump for pumping the water off of my pool cover this winter.I purchased this pump on Amazon.com and was very pleased with the price and shipping of unit in a fast and proper fashion . I would recommend the seller and Amazon to anyone interested in this product . I ordered a second pump for a friend and gave the site to another to order one .
 I have had this for 11 Years . I ca n't speak to the new ones but this little pump has pumped water off my 30K in ground pool cover for the last 11 years . Just this year I noticed a sheen of oil from the pump on the cover . Sad to see this one go but I am going to be buying another one just like this . It would be sad if by sending these out of the US to be built the quality of the product goes down . We shall see I might try the this model with the auto shut off switch seems to sound pretty handy .
 I bought this pump to solve the slow drain problem I was having getting the water out of my rain barrels and into my garden . Gravity just did n't do the job . I have electrical receptacles fairly close to the corners of my garage where the downspouts pour into the barrels . I attach a hose to the outlet male plug of the pump , lower the pump into the barrel using the hose -LRB- minimize tension on the electrical connection -RRB- and once the pump is in place standing upright , I plug in the pump . The water travels downhill through about 60 feet of hose and gives a good stream . I can use a hand held water wand to give a softer , more diffuse spray . But as the website and instructions say , there is not enough pressure for a sprinkler . Although I ca n't recall reading this specifically , I avoid stopping or suppressing the flow with any valves or nozzles . Most pumps do n't like having back pressure , and I would expect this would be hard on its ' valves and gaskets . I have found the pump will get warm if I try to empty both barrels at a time , making sure there is always some water around the pump . But it is seldom that my garden needs 110 gallons all at once . Mulching helps this selective and minimalist watering method work .
 I have used Little Giant pumps before and this was no different ... worked perfectly out of the box and delivered exactly as promised .
 Little Giant is a great pump . My first one lasted 20 years . It was still working but the power cord broke . If you do n't pull it around by the cord it will last forever .
 I have this baby running in a garden fountain with two basins . For reference , it 's pushing water up five feet -LRB- the higher of two basins -RRB- . I am using a short piece of garden hose to go from the pump 's outlet to a 1/2 '' pvc pipe -LRB- with an MSP adapter -RRB- . The pump runs very quietly , has a built in screen and a handle like section on top that makes it easy to grab . What has impressed me is that due to poor operating conditions , the pump has often run dry for hours and been subjected to brackish water and a heavy leaf intake . It has never missed a beat and has hundreds of hours on it . Highly recommended .
 This pump moves a lot of water for it 's compact size . Little Giant makes very tough reliable pumps . I would recommend them to anyone .
 I keep this pump around in case a main pump fails or becomes overwhelmed . Easily attached to a garden hose , this pump will drain a floor down to 1/4 '' or less . It has cleaned up my basement several times without fail .
 Great pump compared to the Rule . A bit heavy , so do n't lob it out there on the pool cover , thus the handle . No auto shut-off though , so it is dedicated use and then unplug to save energy .
 I could not be happier ! quality product ! shipped fast works like a charm ! Little Giant is a trusted name , and the price was right !
 This is my second Little Giant 5-MSP pump the last one served me 13 years of routine seasonal use . Could n't be more pleased it is a small durable sump pump that fits in a 5 gal bucket which I buried in the low spot . It is also very quite .
 Works just like they always have.I had the last one for years.They work as advertised.The quality is still there .
 This little pump is great . I got it to drain my pool , practically left on the entire weekend , and had no problem , it comes with an adapter that will fit a regular garden hose , so you do n't need anything else . Great buy for a little over $ 100 bucks .
 This worked magnificently . Although the directions said it was n't rated for draining pools , I needed help with a pool that was overflowing in the days of rain we received this winter . I placed the pump on the top step of the pool after I attached a 24 little Giant hose -LRB- that did n't fit this particular model and required me to duct tape them together -RRB- and plugged it in . I had the 3-4 inches of water pumped out and the entire pump and hose cleaned up and put away within an hour . Wow . Great little pump .
 This thing really pumps and the build quality feels magnificent . I ca n't complain though I have had only a single chance to use it so far.I have a Little Giant for the furnace , seems like the brand of choice .
 I have used this pump for 15 years , or a Little Giant just like it , for about 17 years . Easy to use and dependable . Have used this in my duck pond filter for a few months at a time . Cleaned it up and now use it for general pumping needs around the home . Love it , virtually no maintenance .
 This is my second in 10 years . It works as it should and does a great job pumping out my pool and hot tub .
 This little guy is really strong . And is the best pump I found for my issues which is lots of leaves in the pool . This is the first one that didn ; t get clogged up with debris from the many leaves I also have on my pool cover .
 I bought this pump for my Mom because she 's having a back up problem and had to use it to transfer water from one water tank to the other , I can see how happy she was having something that she really needs and will have a good use of it.I highly recommended it . I also have one at work that I used for cleaning the fountains to the drains .
 It is a great product and the price is right . This is the same pump you would buy at your local supply house only you get to buy it at the same price the supply house buys it for . Comes complete with the adapter . The price is low but the quality is good . I have not had a problem with a single pump .
 these pumps are among the best that you could ever buy.I use mine for doing water changes for my fish tanks , very powerful hook my 50ft hose to it and it pushes water with ease , I used to work with a plumber and we would use these pumps all the time for doing many pump out jobs so not only are they powerful but can take being used everyday for many commercial jobs , so they are very tough also , so if you need a pump you cant go wrong with this baby !!!
 THESE LITTLE GIANT PUMPS ARE THE BEST . THEY ARE INEXPENSIVE , DEPENDABLE , MOVES A LOT OF WATER . MAKE SURE TO WATCH THE WATER LEVEL AND NOT LET IT RUN DRY FOR LONG OR YOU 'LL BE ADDING IT TO THE GARBAGE FOR NEXT PICK UP .
 We have use this product for many years to pump out the water from our washer to the big tree in the back yard . It works great .
 I have used the Little Giant Water Wizard Pump in my Home Improvement business for 37 years now . I 'm on my second one only because I gave my first one away . . It 's a hard working dependable pump . .
 i have owned this pump for nearly 20 years or one just like it . I used it periodically to pump down my pool . I once even used it to pump all 25,000 gallons out . it never failed me till today and it was because I left it in the garage over the winter and water froze in it . I am now buying another that I hope is as good .
 This is a great pump and is a big help in cleaning my ponds and waterfalls in the spring . It is a hard working pump and I would be lost without it . It takes a lot of abuse and keeps on going .
 I bought this pump to take care of water on my pool cover . It is heavier , sturdier and MUCH better built than my previous pump -LRB- an Ocean Blue Electric Pump which lasted only a season and a half -RRB- . It does NOT come with an automatic switch , so I ordered one to add to it and so far it works above my expectations . A great Little Giant of a pump !
 As to the pump . I knew what I wanted as I had purchased the same pump about 6 years ago . I used it , abused it , and broke some of the manufacturer 's instructional `` do-nots '' . Last summer it showed some early warning signs of eventual failure and finally died late in December 11 . I definitely got my money 's worth out of this little pump and I used it for bigger volumes than it is likely intended for . If you 're not in too big a hurry , it will reliably move the water . After the old one failed , I shopped locally & on line for a replacement and Amazon easily had the best price and offered `` super-saver '' shipping as well . I could afford to wait until the estimated `` super-saver '' delivery time but not much more . The pump arrived on time but to my dismay , the to be included piece that allowed for connection to a garden hose was missing . My water build-up from interim rains were just about at my breaking point and the next heavier rain was forecasted for only two days away . I could n't use the pump without the garden hose adaptor . I called the supplier hoping they might overnight me the piece but , given inventory availability , their estimate of shipping was some days away . They did send the piece at no cost to me but it arrived about two weeks after I absolutely needed to use the pump . I tried to cannibalize the same piece off the old pump but it had been in place for so long I did n't have the strength to remove it and if I did I 'm sure I would have stripped the threads beyond use . Now the missing piece is nothing more than a PVC reducer , threaded into the 1 '' pump discharge and threaded at the other end to allow you to attach a garden hose . So I went to a near by ACE Hardware store , paid $ 2.65 for two threaded PVC fittings to mirror the threaded ends of the missing piece , used PVC cement to attached them on either end of a small piece of scrap PVC pipe and I was in business . Actually I prefer my homemade reducer as it works better for my purposes . Back when the pump arrived with the missing piece , I also emailed Amazon . They immediately replied offering me options of returning the pump at no charge to me or to keep the pump in which case they would provide me a healthy discount . As I had my aforementioned home-made piece in mind and needed the pump right away I accepted the discount ; one that more than paid for my gas , time , and cost of the PVS fittings . In their initial reply Amazon also noted that this miss was unusual relative to this supplier and I believe them . I spent a career in manufacturing and people who make good stuff -LRB- and I believe the Little Giant Pump is good stuff -RRB- generally try and do it right the first time.Why I like Amazon
 I 've had one of these for over 10 years . Just picked this one up for a customer . I use mine to pump water out of a creek to my jeep where it runs through a heat exchanger to make hot water for my portable shower . We never run out of hot water for showering or washing dishes while we are deep in the woods on a trail run . It 's never given me any troubles .
 Fast shipment . Will use in outdoor pond over winter so have not tried it yet ; but had one for years and it finally gave out so I expect the same here .
 This pump works surprisingly well . It pumps a lot of water quickly providing it is in deep enough water . When the water level gets low , it continues to pump but goes very slowly and will shut off if the water gets to low . If it does shut off , do not think that it burned out , simply unplug it let it cool put it in deeper water and it should start up again .
 Our first pump is still working after 22 years but just in case we ordered another . Little Giant makes a great product .
 I purchased this pump for my 2500 gal pond and it really does the job . Little Giants are all we have used except for one time we purchased another brand and it gave out very quickly . I use about a 2.5 ft piece of PVC on the nozzle end as a way to get air into the pond and the water shoots about 3 ft up so the fish are able to breathe .
 I bought this pump 4 months ago for my septic system . It is set to pump effluent 2.5 gallons every 10 minutes and has worked like a champ so far . I am happy with it .
 We bought this pump to move the water that collects on our above-ground pool cover . Our previous pump took forever to clear the surface . This pump really does the job . It will even pump through leaves . You have to watch it because it pumps so fast and once the water is gone , it can get very hot .
 I use this for maintaining my pond and jacuzzi . Dont let it run dry , and it will last for years .
 This is my second pump . The other one was about 12 years old . I use it for pumping off my pool cover . It does a very good Job in a short period of time . Very good pump .
 My old Little Giant Submersible pump gave up after more than 20 years of service removing excess water from my pool while closed for the winter . With a record like that , I opted to replace my old Little Giant with a new Little Giant . No reason to change brands !
 I bought this pump after my Little Giant 5-APCP pool cover pump died after just one season . It was under warranty , but the process of getting a replacement from the factory was going to take a while , and meanwhile I had no way of pumping off my cover that was already in place for the season . The factory said I could throw away the old unit , just sending in the sticker from the top of the failed pump . I purchased this and had it shipped next day service in hopes that it would be compatible with the automatic switch and base from the 5-APCP model . To my delight it was totally compatible ! I had to take the black base plate off by removing @ 6 screws . I replaced the black base with the one from the failed 5-APCP model , making sure to use the gasket from the new pump . The black base on the 5-MSP is not threaded , and will not accept the flat stability plate for the pool pump . Next I removed the automatic switch from the side of the old pump and screwed it into the 5-MSP . The 5-MSP has identical screw holes , and easily accepts the switch ! The power cord on the 5-MSP is shorter than the 5-APCP , but this did not present a problem in my case . Now I have a fully functional automatic cover pump for about half the cost of the 5-APCP model , and when the factory sends the replacement I will also have a complete backup on hand . Because of the easy warranty service provided by Little Giant , I am sticking with them . If I can get two years out of these with help of the warranty , I figure I 'm ahead of the game given the constant freeze and thaw here in southwest Ohio . .
 I won my loppers at a banquet along with other tools via raffle ticket . I have my own landscape maintenance business and I use my loppers a lot . They are the most awesome loppers I 've ever used . exceptional design . powerful cutting . easy to maintain . handles seam nearly unbreakable . They 're worth the extra money compared to other loppers .
 Study , attractive , and larger than you think - the birds love it and I am afraid to say so do the squirrels
 We do a lot of outside entertaining . These food tents keep the bugs off the food . Arrived quickly . Packaged well . They wo n't last forever but will be quite useful while they do .
 As soon as I opened the box and saw it , I loved it . First because of how really attractive it looked . Now , I also love it first , because it 's a perfect size , and second , because it 's not not nearly as cumbersome to clean as a heavier pedistal type . I also noticed that the birds seem to use it even more than they did our other type.I did n't think it worked out as well to use it as a bird feeder as the squirrels seemed to monopolze it.All in all , it is a very welcome addition to our yard for both beauty and function.By the way , I guess they really do mean it when they say to click ONLY ONCE when you place an order . I think I `` clicked twice '' because I got TWO birdbaths by mistake . I started to return the second one , after I was given very helpful instructions on how to do so from the manufacturer 's customer service . But , instead I decided to keep both of them and now I use the other one in our side yard as well . It 's my favorite yard purchase I 've made this year !
 The fire pit has a nice shape which has a pleasing appearance and also allows people sitting around it to move without entangling their feet .
 The fire pit has been a nice addition to my patio during the december chill . It 's used frequently and appears to be holding up well . My only problem is the screen appears to weaken when used during the fire and becomes mis-shapen . it is also starting to rust . All in all a good investment for the use it 's getting .
 I bought this to fill with sands and candles for an indoor area . It creates a cozy and warm addition when we watch movies and sports . The cover is a nice protective from the kids touching the candles . The sand protectes the fire pit from getting to warm .
 I bought this tool in 2004 and have been very pleased with its performance . The light weight , cutting ability , reach , and all-around ease of use are superior to other hedge shears . The blades really hold their edge and can cut through tough brush with ease . The materials used make cleaning much easier , too . I wind up using it instead of power tools that I used to use as you can cut a lot , quickly , and with more precision.I balked at the price at the time and see that it has gone up since but you will not regret buying this item after you use it the first time -LRB- and it will last a lifetime . -RRB-
 These things could cut diamonds . We use them for cutting 8 foot high bamboo , and they eat it up . They are well worth the price .
 using these to trim the bushes around my house with one acre of land . These do a fantastic job and chop through even branches that I did not think they would go through . Plus the little serrated teeth near the pivot work great for even thicker stuff . construction and sharpness seem top notch . Very happy with these and feel they were well worth the price .
 This blend is for the birds and exceptionally so . Cardinals , finches , tufted titmice -LRB- titmouses ? . . I 'll have to look up the plural -RRB- , nut hatches , all the usual suspects quickly empty the feeder and anxiously wait for it to be refilled . It 's so good in fact , that some mornings I dress up in a giant red cardinal suit and join in . I will be ordering more soon .
 We love to watch the cardinals in the morning . In the past , crows , squirrels , and deer would eat all our seed ! They do n't seem to touch this one and we have plenty of cardinals , blue jays , and doves that absolutely love it !
 good mix of safflower and sunflower , will attract a good number of birds , but , safflower may be left over , as it does n't compete too well with sunflower , but safflower can be used occasionally in place of sunflower although it is not as popular as sunflower .
 I own several birdbaths , -LRB- all from Flora & Fauna -RRB- . This is a truly sweet birdbath !! The stakes really hold it sturdy . The birds seem to flock to it !!!
 I was much more comfortable fixing my own sprinklers after years of watching and learning from my dad fixing them for our 2 acre lawn . As a family we always used our own resources , tools and skills to maintain our huge garden and lawn . Even with my small 1/4 acre starter home this product was simple to install and fix my poorly aimed sprinkler near our meters and trash . There are a ton of parts out there like this that replace an entire section even if only one minor part is damaged . Do your research , know your sprinklers and never pay a technician again .
 This little birdbath is absolutely wonderful for anyone with a raised deck , or balcony . The birds love it , and actually line up for a chance to get a drink and take a wash . And I love it because it puts all the action in my line of sight . It 's easy to clean , and fills up with a single glass of water every morning , so no need for a hose or bucket . I 'm about to buy another one for my Mom who is in a wheel chair , and ca n't get down to her yard !
 For What I will use this for it will last longer than me but that beats the hell out of going to a store and remembering to buy it every year and I know it is forulated to work with the particular chain saw I bought so it 's well worth the price !
 The item shipped on time . There was no product damage . The item -LRB- s -RRB- fit -LRB- s -RRB- the description , as stated . What else can you ask for ?
 Seems like fine bar & chain oil . i 'm not expert but it worked for me . only complaint is that the picture is incorrect . the picture on Amazon shows `` Poulan Pro '' red label , black container . this is just regular Poulan in the green container with green bottle .
 took a long time to come , but i was n't in a hurry and it 's cheaper then buying quarts from home depot . i 'll assume there 's nothing wrong with the oil and it was packaged well .
 I sent this sundial to a friend as a gift -- he really thought it was beautiful but was curious as how to mount it -- is there something I could buy for him to set this sundial up properly or do you have any suggestions ? thanks --
 This has to be one of the prettiest sundials around !! True quality . A very pretty way to tell time
 I 've owned this k-ap-1 for a few months now , it serves its purpose well and has given me no problems , mine has stayed quite sharp . Not sure what else to say , its a quality knife .
 I was shocked to see a poor review on the K-AP-1 . I have been a long time owner since it was a SANDVIC K-AP-1 . Best knife ever made in my opinion . Very light , flat , and TOUGH . . Pure SHEFFIELD STEEL MADE IN ENGLAND . Do yourself a favor and buy one , you will be back for another
 Always loved this knife ! It is a great pocket knife . Nice and thin you do n't even know it is in your pocket . good steel does not rust and stays sharp long !
 This is a very pretty way to welcome guests . I have had this plaque for over four years & people compliment on it everytime someone new sees it .
 This is a beautiful way to welcome all who enter into your garden .
 I have quite a few 4X8 foot raised beds with closely spaced vegetable plants and this little weeder is perfect for getting in between these plants .
 This year I bought my dad one of these `` Dad 's Garden '' signs . I know it 's not father 's day but I was so phyched that just had togive it to him earlier ! I had it wrapped and sent to his house But I made sure that I was the one to get the mail instead of him . I said '' Dad this your father 's day present I now it it is early but what the hell '' He took one look at it and he fell in love with it . Now when he gives us a tour of HIS garden we can tell that everyone knows it 's his.Thanks
 The Bahco 71/2 '' folding pruning saw has very sharp teeth -- will glide through virtually any type of wood . It makes cutting hardened , dead wood particularly easy .
 It is compact and cuts green wood fast . I like it a lot . The only problem I have is that it is not easy to get the blade to fold back into the handle . The blade always hits the handle and I have to guide it into its slot .
 It cuts through all types of wood , dead , green , hard & soft very fast and easily . Terrific for pruning and great for campers collecting wood for camp fires .
 This electronic bug zapper came just as described and does work ! We have a lot of mosquitoes here and we are enjoying it . Great seller !! Would recommend !
 Anyone thinking about ordering this zapper just go ahead & order.It works wonderful even on June bugsI love it & it 's alot fun
 Love it . It is black fly and mosquito season here in the North Woods of New England . This is the greatest bug-killing toy ever . Yes , it is cheap . I bought two . I paid less than ten bucks each and that included shipping . They are light-weight . The cover to the battery compartment does not fit very well , and sometimes falls off ; I put some tape on it . I still give it 5 stars because it has never failed me . Batteries last a long time . It can just zap and zap and zap . I 've only had them a week , but this included three outdoor parties with many friends using them to great amusement . This thing is very satisfying .
 I previously had a different model that broke ; it had the metal rods all going horizontal and once one came loose , the electricity would n't flow . The cross pattern on this model seems like it will hold up much better . Great for getting mosquitoes in the house .
 I have had an issue with flying insects . This has solved it , with a little entertainment involved , too.On top of that , I had a wasp make it into the house last week , I am very fearful of flying black and yellow insects that sting and bite . This made short work of the evil intruder !
 I have a forest/swampy area behind my house . And every summer I have every bug trying to get me . I 've tried the candle 's , the spray , nothing works . So I thought time to swing into action ! I got it towards the end of the season , so I did n't get as many bug 's as I will this year , but the one 's I did had no chance against this thing.The mesh is big enough that even if you miss dead center , your more then likely going to get them anyways . It 's light , but deadly !! -LRB- And it helps your back swing on the court ! -RRB-
 love it tttt tttt ttt tttttt ttttt tttttttt tttttt tttttttttttt t t ttttttttttttt tttttttttttttt tttttttt ttttttt tttttt tttt tt ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
 This is great for the annoying flies in the summertime . Be careful though . Sometimes they get caught and start to sizzle .
 Now granted I was n't the most gentle with it , so I 'm sure of the fact that it was my fault that the outer grounding screens fell of , rendering my toy/tool useless , but while it was functional , it was probably the funnest time you could have killing bugs . AS a piece of advice though , make sure there are n't bugs stuck inside the rackets different layers while you continue to zap , because there is just no smell like burnt bugs .
 It came pretty fast and works good and I am glad to have ordered it . it does the job good .
 This is the second one of these I have purchased . Works great for Mosquitos and even Flies ! Great gift idea !
 I bought this to have in my office and get rid of flies during the summer months , it serves its purpose . You have to be careful not to smash it against a wall trying to hit a bug , the metal mesh is kind of fragile . It 's good to have this device if you 're trying to get rid of flying bugs .
 Although it came slightly damaged we are very pleased with the item it 's self ... no more flies driving us crazy !
 it zaps bugs !!! the bug just needs to touch somewhere and you will see a spark like the outdoor type . but be warned ... if you press the button and do n't zap a bug the charge does stay active for a few minutes so do n't touch yourself ... i found that our the hard way ...
 Depress the button and get excited when you see how well these things do with roaches . Instead of a splat and crunch , all you 'll get is a small pop , a little spark , and a stunned roach that sticks to the coil when can then be easily carried to a toilet and flushed without even wasting a paper towel . Buy a bunch and give to all your friends . They may be skeptical at first but it is easily the best invention since sliced bread : -RRB-
 I got 2 - one for work and one for home . I had to finally hang up the one at work in a common area because everyone loves it and uses it . Some of my co-workers went and purchased their own for their homes . You just got ta love swaking those little suckers and hearing them fry ! We have fried knats , flies , and mosquitos with it . Works like a champ and have had no problems with it , even with the whole office community using it on a daily basis . Also , have had no problems with the item being made of plastic .
 I first complained about this product not working as I was making contact with insects and they just flew off unscathed.The vendor contacted me and told me how to test the grid and , during the test it worked fine.The outer two grids are not electrified and the openings are too small to allow larger insects , such as wasps , hornets , horseflies , etc. to passthrough to meet the executioner . Removing the outer grids allow it to work perfectly.I can understand that the vendors and/or manufacturers do not want you to remove , as these provide protection against you shocking yourself and theydo not want to accept liability.The product is good and the vendors are most helpful !
 I did n't expect a lot for $ 5 , but it seems to work fine for swatting bugs here and there and ours does zap them every time . If you have more than one source of bug control , this is good for the backyard table picnic , or for the few that get in the house . But if you are outside with a lot of mosquitos , you need a spray like the lemon eucalyptus spray too .
 I got 3 of them I bought from harbor freight for 2.99 . Their pretty cool , but alot cooler at $ 3 a pop.The 1s I got are powered with 2 D batterys though . For the most part it 's pretty cool cuz if you get em good they pop and everyone at my work thinks its great.But you cant get em in mid air , you have to trap them on the wall and make them fly into the net.Otherwise you just stun them in mid air and they get right back up a couple seconds later . Also it leaves behind a burnt fly smell , which at least the women at work find it sickening , I think its grose but kinda cool ! All in all a good alternative to the fly swatter if you do n't like the mess it leaves behind.At least with this it sticks to the metal grate and you can just knock it off in the garbage.NOTE
 After seeing my parents ' racket zapper in action , I knew I had to have one myself . This is a great product and I feel sorry for the next fly in my house .
 I was n't expecting a lot based on some of these reviews . But , I have to say , this is a cool little device . You have to kind of either catch the fly in mid-air with it , or trap it against something with it . I have not tried , but I do n't think you can whack it onto a hard surface . That being said , if you get the fly to contact the metal grid it usually stuns , if not kills the bug . A couple times I have gotten it pretty good and you could see sparks coming off the grid . The best thing , though , is you do n't get bug guts on stuff . Pick up the dead or stunned fly with a tissue and trash it . I only paid about $ 6 for it , so I thought it was definitely worth the price .
 Great product and quality ... Doesnt have the zapping sound of the old handheld zappers . I would recommend this to anyone of my friends and family .
 It 's very effective against normal bugs flying around the house . Do n't touch the racket when it 's on though !
 I received the 5 bug zappers . I am giving them to family and friends . We have lots of mosquitoes in Mississippi so I wanted to try this item . It is a great gift to give especially when you have lots of bugs ! I was glad that I ordered them .
 I bought this product to use against an unexpected fruit fly infestation in my apartment this summer . This device works perfectly but for the poor battery latch mechanism . The battery door does n't stay in place & keeps sliding out while I hold the device vertically . However the batteries themselves stay put in their place so I can operate it without the door or atleast by sealing the door with tape . I consider that the only drawback in an otherwise good product.By the way , no batteries are included with this product & users will have to get them on their own .
 Bought 3 of these , and all three work well . It 's kind of fun to set bug traps -LRB- set out fruit , leave on a porch light , etc. -RRB- and then swing away.One note of caution , I 've had two people tell me that it zapped a bug even when they were n't holding the button down . I ca n't confirm it as I hav n't been able to replicate it , but I have no reason not to believe them .
 Let me say that this thing is HUGE ! This Racket Zapper is absolutely AWESOME too !! I would like to say I was expecting a small Flyswatter type design , but you could `` ZAP '' Jurassic Period 3 Foot long bugs with this thing!It 's literally a miniature Tennis Racket -LRB- although I think `` miniature '' may be the wrong word here -RRB- . I 'm not downing this thing at all here , it completely obliterates any bug/insect/bird you hit with it.Seriously though , this is the first bug zapper I 'm afraid to `` test/touch '' in any way . If you 're looking for something that you will NOT miss with and that will take care of any pest that 's bothering you ... this is it!More than worth the money shipped , especially with Prime .
 This is great for zapping mosquitos , flies , etc. . However it is only $ 2 - $ 4 at Harbor Freight Tools -LRB- chain store -RRB- . Why pay more ?
 It works pretty good ... only it just stuns the big flys , you got ta step on them after they go down or they get back up . and it does n't work on really big bugs because of this other gate -LRB- maybe its for saftey -RRB- it has on top . but over all its great saves me lots of time and kind of like the wee ... great fun and exercise trying to get the bugs .
 Working with this company was great ! Because I have n't heard back from other companies , I did n't expect a response at all and they responded with a new item and more . I really appreciate their due diligence and the product works great .
 good product , they work as described , not that good for fast flying insects , but you can sneak up on them . good delivery
 Put in the batteries and go on the attack ! Buy 2 and have a contest with friends . These rackets seem to work best on the down smash rather than front hand and back hand .
 I have only used this once and two things ... I had to touch it first thinking ... hmmmm ... only works on bugs ... not . Of course I am still here ... but what a jolt . Definately does not feel good . Second , the fly immediately went to heaven ... but the smell after , yuck!Wondering if anyone else experienced that ??
 The price on these things seems to fluctuate . I paid $ 5.55 a few weeks ago . Since then I 've seen it for over $ 10 and now it 's around $ 6 . The one in the picture has a yellow button and mine is black . I 've bought similar products in the past and this one is built much more solidly -LRB- given it 's $ 2 worth of plastic and wire -RRB- . Bottom line from the one I received and the more recent comments I 've read is the design is good , the quality control can be a bit spotty , and when you get a good one it works well . -LRB- I got a good one -RRB- These things will do a fine job zapping small insects , fly-sized and smaller . I would n't try it on something like a wasp as you might just make it mad . Also , do n't be limited to flying insects . If you can get a spider , for example , to crawl on the thing it will zap them quite nicely too . I find that preferable to smashing them because zapping does n't leave a mark on the wall .
 I like this product . It 's very efficient and kills any insect from flies to big bugs easily .
 We were inundated with those nasty biting black flies this year , and there is n't a whole lot you can do for them . But I just had to strike back ! So I bought a couple of these Zappers on a lark . Well , I tested it -LRB- accidently -RRB- on myself , so I knew it had juice , and then went outside and awaited the swarm . The flies came and I swatted . I heard a couple of audible zaps , but did n't think it was getting too many , but then I looked down at the concrete and saw a bunch of little bug carcasses . I was pleased . The season for the flies has pretty much passed , but I know they 'll be handy for mosquitoes !
 This is so cool , but it takes time to zap the stinking flies , but you can get them when they are flying .
 Ca n't beat the price . I use it to kill mosquito and bugs . Even though you ca n't see them , I turn it on and swing it back and forth and listen to them get zapped .
 This electronic racket zapper is great to kill spiders ! However , for swatting flies in the air , it would be more practical if it had a longer handle . The racket would break into a million pieces if you had to swat a fly on a hard surface .
 The problem with most chinese made items of this nature is the quality of construction . This one is well made , the switch clicks firmly , the plastic is sturdy and it works fine - IF you can hit the buzzing fly with it . When flies hit the charged wires , tiny sparks fly . For houseflies , it 'll simply stun it - after 10 minutes it 'll be back to buzzing again . You could put the fly in a glass jar and watch it wake up and later release it outside . Probably a good idea to keep this device out of kids hands - no such warning label though .
 This is mostly Ok in all aspect . Personally , it looks a little smaller than usual , and has a cheap look too ... also , it 'll be nice to have a hole or a hook on the end of grip so that it can be hung after use ...
 After reading reviews on various fly zappers , I decided on this particular one because at the price , it was worth the risk of trying it out . It seems the majority of complaints was centered on the quality and durability of the casing . I have owned and used this product for about a month now . I have to say that it 's been a lot of fun hunting down and zapping bugs around the house . As for the quality and durability of the case , I agree that it 's definitely fragile , and should be cared for gently . But given the price , if I can get a few months ' use of out of it , I 'll be more than satisfied !
 What a funny thing to have , All my friend love to use it in the summer to fry some mosquitoes . Work great !!!
 This is a Good Zapper , I got mine two days ago and its killed many flying insects . This product is in my opinion is cheaply made , but you have to keep in mind the low cost compared to others -LRB- that look the same as these -RRB- . In my personal opinion this Zapper gets a A for price and build most of all it does what it says it will . If treated correctly it will last a while neat product .
 We live in an area with TONS of flies . The hard part is getting rid of them . Tried many products , but this is the best for a no chemical approach . I let my 7 year old use it . It makes a very LOUD zapping sound when you get one . Makes everyone jump . Just make sure no one touches the wires for a few minutes after because it can still shock . Very happy to see the fly population diminish in our house .
 This bug zapper works better than the traditional fly-swatter . You simply catch the flies into the wire mesh while pressing the button ; like as you are catching them with a butterfly net . The flies fry , pop and sizzle -- dead.This was a great investment for under $ 8 .
 Exactly as described with the added benefit of being smaller in size than other rackets I 've seen which was nice .
 I have this product for over a year . It works great and the battery seems to last long
 I loved it ! The racket was a gag gift for my mother who hates flies . It came right on time .
 Seems to be constructed better than the last bug zapper I purchased . I can testfy that it is much quieter . Sometimes I have to look to see if I got the bug because there is no loud pop . I 'm pretty happy with the product overall .
 This definately turned out to be more useful than I had imagined , mostly thought it 'd be a neat ` gimmick ' item . The tennis racket design makes it very comfortable to hold and swing which is nice . There is one thing I had to do to make mine more effective though , it seems to be made for mosquitos and other very small insects and I was targeting wasps , well this racket has a wire ` mesh ' on each side to keep you from shocking people -LRB- which is a nice safety feature certainly -RRB- , but to kill larger insects like wasps I had to snip off the mesh on one side and good news , it takes down wasps and other large insects too !
 Purchased the zapper and I 've been very satisfied . The mosquitos seem to stay away from you when you have it in your hand though -LRB- kidding -RRB- , but when I 've tried showing people how it works , the mosquitos are never around . I find this works very well in the house and car - in the house you do n't stain the walls from smashing the buggers - you hold the zapper close to them and slowly wave it and it does the rest . It also came in handy when we went to a picnic this weekend . When we left there were a few mosquitos that decided to ride in the car with us . My girlfriend was able to zap them with the zapper while I drove . Tres cool.I purchased the double A model and it seems plenty powerful . My roommate zapped himself pretty good one night .
 No , this is not the most efficient way to kill insects.But it 's fun . And it 's blood sport.It does n't always kill them the first time , making it a bit inhumane . It will usuallyknock the flies down and leave them semi paralyzed on the floor . Then you have to decidehow to deliver that final coup-de-grace . As far as no smell ? It smells all right . It smells like Jeff Goldblum probablysmelt like in the adaptation of The Fly . The flies snap , crackle , and pop , and the smellis somewhat like faint burning hair.Enjoy ...
 First , I did n't know these existed . Then I read about them on Amazon and did n't believe the hype but ordered one anyway . It arrived , a bug zoomed by and ZAP I was able to experience the innate and visceral pleasure of watching the critter disappear from my list of annoyances . Then came the flies . Watching them spark and pop is just more pleasure than a man gets to experience in life . What a joy and a wonderful product . Zap away my friends !
 I 've had several different versions of this product in the past . My most recent one required two D batteries , and lasted for about 3 years before breaking . All previous versions of this racket zapper , I would have to wait until the insect landed , then trap it between the wall or window and the racket and wait for it to fly up to touch the racket . THIS one , however , I used right out of the package -LRB- after installing the two AA batteries -RRB- , and zapped a fly in mid-air ! I had to sign on right away to report how well it works ! I was amazed , this must be one powerful bug zapper ! I 'm very happy with this product !
 I am pretty pleased for the most part with this product . It kills flies and yellow jackets . It is not good for killing gnats however . They seem to pass right through . The body is made of plastic so you must take care not to hit it against an object . I guess you ca n't have it all . Overall I am pleased with my selection .
 I could ` nt wait to get it and I was not dissapointed.I have had more June bugs than ever this year and this product was just the fun new toy we needed to combat the little buggers.I am going to buy one for the whole family to play with now .
 I always come back to these every summer . I usually buy the cheaper Charcoal Companion brand bug zappers first because I like that they lack a protective guard but inevitably , or for the last two summers anyhow , they die . Either something internally goes loose or they simply stop producing any zap and instead just drain my batteries . These bug zappers seem sturdier , take a beating better and keep on ticking .
 I had shipping expedited on this one , as for the past 2 days I was apparantly targeted for torment by one very fast , elusive , and very annoying fly-bully . Dive-bombing my face , sitting behind my shoulder on my office chair , landing on stuff I 'm trying to read/focus on ... always right there , strategizing , planning his next move for the few moments I could fan him away ... I have the regular plastic style swatters , but I could n't seem to get this fly in that traditional way . I researched several other electronic racket zappers before buying this one , and I am so glad I did ! The fly got zapped today , within minutes of receiving this . Seriously . I was trying to swat the fly , but he was too fast for me . After a couple of minutes , I sat the zapper down on the desk . I happened to look over , and there was the fly , ON the zapper . I reached over and pressed the button on the handle and ZAP ! There was a tiny electrical charge , accentuated by an audible `` zap '' sound , and the fly was dead . I could n't believe it ! Certainly , I know that this is n't typical of how it will be used , just laying there , but it sure worked for me . Shortly after , other family members wanted to give it a try , as there were a few other flies buzzing around as well in other rooms . Within under 5 minutes , two or three more were dead . This thing really works well , and cleanup is not a problem . Simply hold the racket flat and turn it over into the trash can , although you may have to tap the racket frame gently to jar loose the carcass , but not at all hard . I do n't know how many others were zapped after that , because I moved onto other things , fly-free . We plan on ordering more , everyone wants their own.Update
 This racket zapper is wonderful ! The first time I used it , I could n't believe how 2 little batteries could literally fry a moth & leave nothing . I love it !
 Love this thing , I bought it because I garden and start my seeds indoors a lot . This creats nats and unwanted flying things . This worked great ... and also for the pesky fly that flies in every time you open the door . It Zaps them DEAD !! Love it !
 Living in the tropics makes mosquitoes annoying and persistent . It is not the ultimate solution but makes it easier than chasing them with newspapers against the wall !
 This is a great product . I read the reviews and a few of them say the racket is fragile . In fact the racket is quite solidly built . You are not supposed to use this racket as a regular fly swatter by smashing it on hard surface . It should rather be used to approach a flying bug -- without smashing into wall.It kills mosquitos very effectively . For flys and larger bugs , it can knock them out in most cases -LRB- sometimes kills -RRB- , which can be followed by stepping or disposed of using a paper towel.I used energizer batteries . Make sure a good pair of batteries are used.Follow up
 These tennis rackets bug zappers are so great we use them all the time day or night . We use them for flies and bee 's during the day and around the fire at night i would tell everyone to get them if your camping they are wonderful and easy to use my five year old uses his all the time to . Wonderful product .
 PROS
 I have used this on wasps , bees & flies and am very impressed . I wish I would have known about this product sooner ! This is a keeper : -RRB-
 This is the most awesome bug killer ever ! I 've used it on fruit flies , and it makes a big popping sound and you can see a little blue spark when you kill them .
 The zapper is so cool . I 'm going to order several for my friends . Everyone who sees me zapping bugs . Want one .
 This was a great buy from Amazon . I wanted a way to get the flies in my house without using poison sprays or eyesore traps like sticky tape . This accomplishes both . I find it to be cleaner and faster than those other options . It also provides a certain thrill as a `` ZAP ! `` or `` THWACK ! '' sound occasionally comes as a fly ends its annoying life!Pros
 bought four years ago , and still works . I did break the racket , a part of the plastic , hitting the wall too hard on a bug , but I quickly learned that you do n't need to smack them with it like a swatter , you just tap the bugs to zap them and they get stunned enough to get them outside or if you prefer to actually kill them .
 Up north Michigan has plenty of bugs . I gave this as a birthday present while `` up '' there and it happened to be midge fly season . Sitting on the beach 10 of us all took turns keeping them at bay with this racket . It was perfect . It took care of the bugs easily . Everyone else wanted to know where I got this and they all wanted one . The only thing I did n't like was the smell if the bugs spent too much time in the racket . I would highly recommend this .
 This is a great bug zapper for the price.It works well and the batteries last for a long time . I recieved it in less than two weeks
 this product works great ! i bought for my man , since i dont do bugs , and he absolutely loves hunting down creepy crawlies !
 If you hate fly 's , then this is for you . Fly go zap , end of story.I would have liked to have seen a better grip on it and maybe a `` Wii '' like strap attached to it for safety reasons . I feel as if I might swing at a dear fly like I was Andre Agassi and accidentally lose my grip on the handle . That would make it 5 stars , but 4 is enough for now.PS - take some tennis lessons first so you can truly be The Fly Assassin ! Take that Fly 's ! Leave us alone !
 When I first received this , I did n't think it would kill anything as my husband turned it on and put his finger on it ! When there was a big fly however , the racket killed it on contact !!! GREAT product highly recommended !!
 This racket is great for bugs in the house . Spiders , wasps , bees , mosquitos , things , with legs , creepy , crawly , flying around things . My dad loves it . So I bought him 2 .
 Works great on flies and mosquitoes . Also works well on bigger insects such as wasps . You have to hold down the power button an extra few seconds to ensure the bigger bugs are dead but I am loving this zapper . I ordered two and my mom begged me for my second one because she also found this zapper useful and fun to use . Its cleaner than the traditional bug swatter and you can kill the insects in mid air . Love killing bugs with this !!!
 Stink Bugs enter our home in the Fall to survive the coming Winter . In the Spring they MUST return to the outdoors to breed and lay their eggs . The problem is , when they 're crawling on the carpets , windows , etc. , if you step on them , suck them up in a vacuum cleaner , etc. they then release a terrible odor . -LRB- They 're called Stink Bugs for a reason . -RRB- Was n't sure this `` Electronic Racket Zapper '' would be helpful but figured for $ 5 it was worth a try . Turned out ... it 's perfect ! It 's quite easy to get them to walk onto the Racket and then you Zap them and toss them into the waste basket . Best of all ... NO SMELL !!!
 I live on a golf course and have serious problems all types of flying insects . Yesterday I even killed a hornet with the racket zapper . . Love it , works great and its very cheap !
 The Racket Zapper is certainly the cleanest fly swatter I have ever used . It does n't require hard contact with bugs and another object , making it possible to swat bugs right out of the air . Cleanup is as easy as shaking the zapper over a trash can.Minus a star for being rather flimsy . My zapper arrived with a slight crack in the plastic , though this does not seem to affect functionality .
 I take this on camping trips and save myself/entertain myself with defending my skin/food from bugs . A little sadistic , but when I do n't have this with me , my friends complain . It 's a little fragile , but for such little money , what did you expect ? Just take care of it and it 'll last you awhile . In other words , do n't let your kid play with it to shock their siblings/parents . -LRB- Which is also entertaining , as long as you 're not the one being shocked-don ' t quote me on that though . -RRB-
 This thing works , but it is pretty scary and for us `` not-so-wild-about-bugs '' types , it is kind of disturbing to use . Just beware - you are actually brutally shocking bugs to their death . I know , obvious , but it is quite graphic when you actually do it for the first time . I gave 4 stars because it seems a little cheaply made - I would like to see a rubber handle -LRB- feels like I am getting a little current in my hand when I turn it on -RRB- and a child-safety lock on the engage button . Just keep out of reach of children !
 Wear long sleeve shirts and pants.Wear goggles.Get fresh batteries.Enjoy the popping while you chase and swing at the flies and mosquitoes.Fun for kids and adults on July 3rd and July 4th . -LRB- That 's if they do n't get bitten at all . -RRB- Con
 Though flying bugs have a purpose on this earth and it 's precious Ecosystem , they have no purpose in my house . Ok , pesty bugs , bring it on . I do n't think God had this tool in mind when he created flying insects . As naughty as it sounds , it is a pest problem solver . I used to have to swat the bugs down with a tennis racket then step on them . Leave it to a mad genius to add electricity to a already useful tool . It takes 2 AA batteries and has a button on the handle to energize the threads . There is a protective metal net guarding the inside electric field just in case you accidently touch it to your neighbors dog or neighbor himself . Only bugs small enough to fly through the racket get electricuted . Excellent for in door use since bug spray is both smelly and harmful .
 Love these things ... great for sitting out with the mosquitos . It 's a little smaller that I though it would be but still works good .
 First zapper I 've ever owned . Packaging seemed like it could be sturdier -LRB- was just shipped in a bag -RRB- but there was no damage to speak of . Pretty solidly built , not flimsy at all . I 've so far caught only one fly . Now that I have this they do n't seem to come by anymore . . strange . Anyway it took a while for me to zap it . I was under the impression -LRB- from some other reviews -RRB- that flies would for some reason be attracted to it when I pressed the button , and I could just hold it near the fly and it would kill it , but this was not the case . After some forehand and backhand practice I finally made contact . What followed was kind of shocking , no pun intended . I heard an extremely loud POP that I was n't expecting . . it sounded like popcorn but 10x louder . I then saw the fly stuck onto the edge of the racquet face , and thought it was surely dead . I tapped the racquet on the edge of my trash can and when the fly fell in I heard a furious and continuous death cry buzz that lasted 10-20 seconds that will haunt my dreams . I know it was probably just the wings spazzing out but this is about the most violent way I 've yet killed any insect.I love it .
 i have used this a few times works well i have n't found a bug it would n't kill and it was a good price it shipped out quick if i needed another i would buy this again
 Considering the low price of this bug zapper , it 's surprisingly effective ! I killed a cricket with it right out of the package . The secret to making it work is a very quick smack so that the screens move together and contact the `` flesh '' to be zapped!Caution ! Always follow directions and do not use in a manner other than intended , even if you think you are Johnny Knoxville !
 I 've only used one other model of this type of product . It works about as well as the other , and it 's about 2/3 the cost . For < $ 9 , what do you expect really ? Zaps bugs some of the time , bats them around others . Still fun to use and a good converstation piece/activity in the backyard with friends . I 'd recommend for the casual bug zapping needs .
 Let me start by saying we are in no way in to hurting any of God 's creatures ... we enjoy sitting day/night in our back yard listening to the birds and watching the butterflies as we read , have a cocktail or eat our meals . We were being robbed of this enjoyment by pesky flies during the day and mosquitos in the evening . I ordered one of these zappers and now we sit out and practically fight over who gets to hold it ... guests love to do it too . I know what everyone is getting for Christmas ! It really works . Too bad I left it out in the rain one night and now it does n't work as well . I just came online to order a few more .
 I had many frustrating efforts to get rid of the occasional flies that got into my house -LRB- if filmed , some of these efforts would have been big hits on YouTube.com -RRB- . This racket-like device actually worked -- and NO scary chemicals !
 We bought this product over a year ago and love it ! There is some satisfaction is hearing the flies pop and sizzle . it is very sturdy and we have n't had to replace the batteries yet .
 this really works great on all sizes of flying and crawing bugs from the smallest nat to big flys and whasps i 've told others about this product , it runs on 2 small batteries and i 've yet to put new batteries in it and i 've had it for 2 months
 Best invention since sliced bread . Kills any flying insect and gives you a huge surface zapping area to ensure success . Fun for kids -LRB- they love the `` sizzle '' -RRB- and adults . Indispensible for backyard and camping . Be sure to get extra because everyone wants a chance to try it . Makes fantastic gifts as well !
 other than being a lot of fun it makes a loud popping noise when you get an insect . somewhat fulfilling to roast the really annoying flys . the only down side is they can sense the electric current so you can really sneak up on them
 This thing can kill just about any bug . If not , it 'll stun the sucker . Good protective covering from the shocking mesh but enough to get the bugs . Good stuff .
 It works just fine . A little larger than expected , but thats not a problem at all . The battery compartment did need a little bit of effort in opening , but other than that , flawless !
 For the price I was expecting junk and to use the guts for a tesla project . It 's holding up really well , my project might be a ways off , LOL .
 I broke my original electric fly swatter . This one is a great replacement . Even kills larger insects like flies and spiders . Arrived on time and new . Thank you .
 The electronic fly zapper works great on small annoying insects . A friend of mine let me try theirs and I knew I had to have one . It 's light weight , easy to use and zaps bugs dead .
 I had seen these advertized for a long time and always thought they were just a toy . We have been fighting a losing battle with meal moths . It got to where I had those sticky traps all over and I still was seeing them . I hate using insecticide in the house . I was about to resort to chemical warfare until I tried one of these . When it showed up I put a couple AA batteries in and started zapping . It is amazing . You see a moth and zap , it 's dead . At night when watching TV now and then one would be fluttering around . Swing at it and zap it 's dead . In a couple days I wiped out the ones the traps had not found . Took it outside one night and same thing . Any little bugs bothering you and you just swipe at them and zap , dead . Wife is scared of spiders . She found it works on them too . Put it over one and push the button and zap it 's dead . I ordered another one to have a spare .
 It 's a sport , and a lot of fun when you are sitting out . It wo n't make you any faster at swatting , however .
 It is going to work great for the occasional fly or bug I get in my house , but they most know I have it . Not one has shown up since I got it and that 's fine with me !
 This racket is durable and I 've never had a problem with it . The metal things do n't pop out like some of the other ones I 've had . I bought two of these because it was such a great price and I ca n't find them in stores . There 's nothing better than the sound of killing a fly that has been messing with you for hours . This works great on mosquitos as well .
 I just Zapped 2 right before I wrote this review . Due to The shipping dept. in my office flies are everywhere . Until I received my new best friend . I enjoy every second of deleting this nasty annoyances out my personal space and recommend anyone who has this problem to get pne pf these right away . Plus it 's fun to zap your friends
 This thing is so much better than squashing a bug up against the wall or wherever with a swatter ... not to mention more sanitary . I packs a wallup , so do n't poke your pinky into it like I did -LRB- I could n't help it ; I was curious -RRB- ! Half of the time , it makes a nice , loud ` zap ' noise , letting you know you 've made contact with your target . Sometimes , this does n't kill the insect ... but it will disable it so you can scoop it up with a tissue & dispose of it . I see other reviewers mention the build quality ... I have NO issues with it whatsoever . For around $ 10 , it 's pretty sturdy . Do you guys expect this to be made of iron for $ 10 ?? YOU 'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO SMACK THIS HARD AGAINST YOUR TARGET ... IT WILL BREAK ! IT 'S NOT A FLY SWATTER !! All you need to do is make contact with your target & the zapper will do the dirty work . I 'm so pleased with it , I bought another one . I highly recommend this item . Get one before the bugs GET YOU !! : P
 it 's smaller than some electric fly swatters , but it really is powerful . It does n't make the zap sounds when you kill small flies and mosquitoes -LRB- which is less fun -RRB- , but it does with bigger moths and spiders . I tried putting my little pinky to try how strong it is , and it sent electricity throughout my arm , unlike bigger fly swatters which are less powerful . it 's a good product ! recommended for all .
 Ca n't stand flies - this thing solves the problem . Has slight resistance due to protective grate , but overall really love it .
 This zapper is fun ! We have a ton of flies out on our patio and our outside room and it makes getting rid of them a lot more enjoyable . For the price this is a great product . Our zapper for some reason has a short or something and sparks in one spot when you have the button pushed down , but it 's not a big deal . The guard on the outside of the wires makes it difficult to kill larger bugs like moths , etc. but great for flies .
 This is the best zapper that I bought from Amazon . The first zapper worked great for one season . It had several fixable breakdowns , until finally it just disintegrated . The second zapper , called Charcoal Companion , is very similar to the one that fell apart last year and I do n't expect it to last much longer . Besides that , CC requires you to press two buttons instead of one , which is a very strange idea indeed . When you are under a sustained black fly/moskito attack , your finger dexterity is greatly diminished , which results in more wins for the other side.This zapper has none of those problems . It is incomparably better designed , very sturdy , no loose pieces , and the electrified grid is protected by a safety mesh on both sides , so that you accidentally do n't zap yourself or your girlfriend . And it costs less ! Ca n't beat that . The reason I call it `` nuclear '' is because it has a prominent A over the grid . It is indeed a weapon of choice . Just nuke 'em !
 Killing flies and other bugs is not easy . Flies move too quickly and squishing other bugs is just plain gross.This product works great . Push the button on the handle and get the zapper within about 5 mm of the bug , and electricity does the rest . Flies do n't have a chance .
 Have n't tried it with mosquito yet -LRB- there are no mosquito around my area -RRB- , but will test it on mosquito when I go camping this weekend . Very easy to put batteries in -LRB- use 2xAA -RRB- , has a button on handle to be pressed in while zapping , turns off when the button is released , so it 's safe enough . Quite light and comfortable to hold . I have flies problem in my backyard , and this thing works like a charm on flies . Now I love to see flies in my kitchen : -RRB-
 Anyone will get more than $ 10 of entertainment value out of this , to say nothing of the utility.Being in the south , the skeeters are bad as well as the flies . Since we live on a lake , we probably get more than our share of spiders as well.This thing is great ! With a regular flyswatter , unless the insect has landed on a surface and stays there as you approach for the kill , you can not just swing the swatter and do much at all . With this mini tennis racket , you can get them in mid flight no problem.Also a regular swatter can leave a mess ; I was concerned about cooked flies on this , if you had to use it twice in a short amount of time , but it does n't work like that . The most that will occur is an insect gets tangled in the wires and then just skaking the unit will cause the dead insect to fall out . The only thing I would change about this would be to put something on it which would make it easier to zap an insect that is just against a wall or window . Sometimes you have to get them to launch into the air so you can get 'em .
 Have a long history loving ` Racket Zappers ' in general . This one :1 . A bit smaller than other brands -LRB- head is smaller and handle is shorter -RRB- . I like it better being slightly smaller and therefore more able to quickly maneuver .2 . NO ZAP SOUND ! Love the fact that this one does not make any zap or noise at all . The ones that make a loud Zap really scare my dog .3 . The extra protective screen/Zapping Area does seem not as strong and might let some insects get by/through .4 . Feels more sturdy and less likely to break.ALL IN ALL = Get the Racket Zapper but if you want a zapping sound or a more powerful electric charge you may want to get one of the other almost identical versions of this product for sale also on amazon for almost the same price . I personally will always go back and buy this one in the future .
 I bought the Racket Zapper because I was having some trouble with pantry moths in my kitchen . I hate to spray insecticides around food . Well , I retained possesion of the Zapper for all of 2 seconds until my husband saw the gadget . He took over immediately . He LOVES this little gismo !!! He goes around the house looking for pests to kill , and guess what , the pantry moths have all been exterminated , much to my husband 's dismay . I guess he finds it very satisfying to zap the little buggers , and it really works . Just ask my husband . He just had to touch the screen to make sure it was zapping . Men ! Anyway , when it comes in contact or within close proximity to a bug and you depress the button , it sends out a small current of electricity , and it is all over . There are no instructions on the packaging . You just have to insert a battery , and start zapping . It does n't really make any noise , so you do n't really know it is working until it comes in contact with a bug , and then you see a small spark . Ouch ! This is definitely not a toy , so I would n't let a kid handle it , because they might try zapping a pesky sibling . I know I would have -LRB- Ha-ha ! -RRB- . I highly recommend it .
 Truthfully , I have to tell you that our family bought about 10 or more of these so far and I 'm getting my wife another one now , because hers fell off the roof of the car and broke in the driveway whilst she was cleaning the inside . She loves it ! Some flies are very quick to get away , but there are some that bite and they 're the ones that actually attack the zapper and get ZAPPED ! YAY !!! She was very upset hers broke , so I am getting her another one . What a fun way to rid yourself of a pest ! I say , GET ONE , or more . Mosquitos were zapped too ! But , be careful , as it gives quite a stinging shock , if you grab the mesh without thinking . lol I did ! Wow ! No wonder the little bastards blow up and get fried !
 It 's kind of funny that I 'm basically a vegan -LRB- no meat or dairy -RRB- but I find myself enjoying small insects sizzling and popping as they fly into this thing . I 've had it for a couple of weeks now , and as part of my evening routine before I go to bed , I step outside to have a smoke and kill some bugs . This thing works great ! I 've used it for a lot of hours -LRB- if you add them all up -RRB- and I still have n't had to change the batteries . We have these one little flying insect things that fly right into it and explode on contact like a firecracker . It 's bizarre . Ok , I 'm starting to scare myself . To finish , I will say it 's well built and works fantastic !
 perhaps the flies are quicker and smarter than humans ... you have to be Martina Navratilova to catch a damn fly with this thing . but great for upper body exercise .
 I ca n't say I 've eliminated the worlds bug population but my forehand and backhand stroke reflexes are really coming along . I recommend it . It makes a cool gift too .
 This is a great product . Well built , very sturdy and knocks the bugs dead every time .
 This thing really does the job . I am more thn pleased .
 I bought two of these . Mine came as orange in color , not yellow ... no biggie . Both are working fine . But according to some of these reviews it looks to be a hit and miss -LRB- no punn intended -RRB- as to weather it will be DOA . I keep one in the rv and one at the office . My office in the middle of 140,000 acres of rice and this season has been particulaly bad for mosquitos . I killed about 10 this morning within 5 minutes . It 's actually a lot of fun . Just kinda wave it catching the mosquito in the wire mesh while holding the charge button and it frys them . If you find 'em dead but still in the wires you can hold the button down and get to pop with a loud spark ! As others have mentioned it 's not really for flys ... they move too fast . I ca n't wait to try it out on the meat bees while camping .
 I do n't really know if this thing works on bugs or not because the day I got it I accidentally shocked myself . I have tried to kill spiders with it but you have to be touching them which is hard when they are in a corner and hard to get places . I still have it but do n't think I have killed anything with it yet , I 'm half afraid to use it since I shocked myself .
 This product is awesome but does not include the batteries to operate the fly swatter . You need about 4 AA batteries . Anyway , it was awesome !
 works as described . consistent and fair quality - fantastic price . even got another to give as a gift !
 This product is exactly as it was described . It is lightweight and works perfectly . This was advertised at a special price and I bought the maximum and gave them to family members . Everyone loves this product .
 As a country girl , I have too many encounters with flying insects in my home . It is very frustrating and painful to my aging joints to slap at them and miss!This Zapper is a godsend !! All you have to do is touch the flying critters and no more little bug . Bigger bugs and wasps get stunned and fall to the floor where they are easily stomped .
 The technique of using takes some practice , but it really works great.You can swing in the air and the fly does n't realize the air is movinglike when using a regular fly swatter . Works on misquitos and otherflying pests .
 Do n't let kids handle this , it gives a painful quick zap . Works very well for slow flying or crawling insects , like spiders , and bigger insects . The net part is raised because of the thick yellow border so you ca n't really swat an insect flat but just `` gently '' zap them . . But for a fly ??? Good luck !! You ca n't really swat a fly with it because , well , you can damage it by doing so . So we end up swinging it as we see flies in the air . But it is faster to use a regular swatter for flies .
 I love this fly swatter ! My husband has wanted one for a while so I decided it was time to get him one . I love the fact that you have to push a button to activate it , since I have a 2yr old who thinks that she has to play with everything . I works great and we have had no problems with it .
 Great fun zapping bugs even small gnats . I bought two and should have purchased more because they make a great gift . Excellent product .
 I bought this for my husband who was fed up with the number of flies that were getting into our house . I thought he could take his anger out on the bugs and have a little fun in the process . The racket zapper works pretty well when the batteries are fresh , but you ca n't smack bugs on the windows as easily as you can with a flexible plastic swatter . Still , I 've been able to swat flies in mid-air and zap them , which you ca n't do with a plastic swatter . Make sure that any flies you hit are really dead , though . We had several we thought were zapped that were only stunned , and they got back up and flew around again.The on switch is a little button on the side of the handle that you need to hold down in order to zap bugs . It 's sort of out of the way , so you can hold the racket without always having it on . I guess this saves on batteries , and it does help keep you from accidentally zapping yourself . We have n't had this long enough to know how long the batteries will last.On a side note , we have two cockatiels who become terrified when they see either of us swinging this thing around . -LRB- And no , we have n't used it on them ! -RRB- If you have pets , you might want to make sure they do n't get scared and run away .
 This is a great idea ! Bought two of them , one for the house , and one for the camper . Love them , they seem to work good .
 Always loved this knife ! It is a great pocket knife . Nice and thin you do n't even know it is in your pocket . good steel does not rust and stays sharp long !
 Well built , solid blade and handle . I am very satisfied with the knife - however , be aware it is not that sharp when first purchased - you need to sharpen it before using .
 The beauty and logic of this tool strikes you as soon as one is put in your hand . There is a substantial mass of steel at the end of a light medium-length axe handle which , coupled with the thinness of the blade - 1/32 '' or less - gives this way more cutting power with less driving effort than any machete or thicker axe blade . I have a mega-size gas weed wacker with a variety of large high-spinning blades that can sever plant , animal and mineral based objects instantly up to an inch or two in diameter . It makes flat cuts more close and level to the ground than the swede axe , and if working in 120 db noise , petro-fumes and getting totally exhausted and hated by your neighbors is appealing , then forget the axe , it will awaken caveman instincts in you and make you even more dangerous . The axe did not come with instructions . If it was American made - meaning made in China for an American company - it would have come with a 20 page manual , all of which would be safety instructions and legal disclaimers . You really have to love those Swedes and here is your chance to support them . The surveyor who showed me this tool -LRB- just like the other reviewer -RRB- , said you put the replacement blade in and step on the back of the blade with your shoe and full weight to drive it into the notches in the spring yoke that hold it in high tension . Maybe the replacement blade comes with instructions but I did n't buy one and the original one looks like it will last forever if not allowed to rust . It is light enough to haul on your belt . Or just carry it - a mean bear or mountain lion could be dispatched with it . My only caution is that it is easy to leave 1-foot tall , 1 '' saplings with a sharp diagonal up-cut , on which you would not want to fall .
 Used one years ago while working for a land surveyor . Have owned one for the past ten years or so and used it on camping and canoe trips . It is way cooler than you might think and deserves your respect . A razor blade on the end of an axe handle is a true marvel of modern ingenuity .
 On a recent hunting trip to Maine , our guide carried this tool with him and we were amazed as to how well it worked . I bought one as soon as I returned from my trip . Incredible tool .
 I chopped tree limbs , small trees , vines and anything else I did n't want in my woods . The blade is very thick and sharp , and the handle it thick and substantial . I can see this thing lasting for many years . Love it .
 I originally discovered these new lightweight pots at the local garden center , but have since ordered several from Amazon because of the price . Unless I ca n't find the sizes I need , I will never order any other type of pot again . They 're * amazing * . I 'm not sure what these are made of , but it looks just like clay and it 's super-lightweight -- much easier moving around the house and garden than the real thing . Unlike clay , they are completely waterproof , though drainage can be achieved by drilling a few holes through the bottom . Versatile design
 After purchasing this urn at my local retailer , was I ever surprised to see that you are actually less expensive !! I will check your pricing next time before I spend my hard earned money . I am using this urn for the holiday 's as a ice bucket and was needing another one . After the holiday 's are over I will consider using as a planter . Thanks again , ca n't wait to see what you will have this spring !
 I ordered these in black last year and they 've held up so well and still look new that I 'm looking at ordering more in other colors . The fabric is of a high quality and the foam very dense , so they 're not overly soft , but that makes them all the more comfortable when sitting for a period of time . Probably helps them keep their shape too .
 product was better than expected and makes the snowblower perform like new again , I would recommend this to everyone looking for a replacement bar .
 I was happy to find the scraper bar for my over 20 year old Toro snow thrower . The blade fit exactly .
 If was what it was supposed to be and it was on time . Love it when things go as planned .
 Great replacement for the cost . Fit my toro snow blower exactly . This solved all my problems . Fast shipment great price .
 fits like the original . ordered on a Saturday and rec 'd the part the following Friday . what a difference a new scraper bar makes .
 I had recently used my old Toro S-620 snow blower in my driveway and had difficulty moving it forward occasionally , which is unusual . By the time I finished up , I noticed a broken piece of plastic protruding from underneath the machine , which turned out to be half of a broken scraper . I ordered a new one the next day and it arrived quickly , on the day of a heavy snow storm . Three sets of nuts and bolts is all that 's required to install the new one and I was back in business . My old Toro S-620 will see a few more winters now .
 I am very pleased with this product , it is exactly what I was looking for . Very pleased with this purchase .
 hey thanks for the bracelet it got here on good time n was exactly what it shoulda been :-RRB- ! much appreciated
 I found that the saw was very sharp and up to the task . I knew prior to ordering that it would not quite fit the older sticks that I have , but I did have a plan in mind to make it work . The saw is designed to go over the end of the pruning stick , but the stick that I have has a sleeve that the saw fits into . All that I had to do was to make a bushing to go over the handle of the saw so that it would fit snugly into the sleeve on the end of my pruning stick and voila , it worked like a charm ! It appears to be very durable and should last for quite a while . I did like the fact that the blade is a bit longer than the saws that I have used in the past which helped to make short work of even some rather thick branches . I highly recommend this saw to anyone who has need of a good pruning saw .
 cuts good and smooth , and it bolts right onto the inexpensive 12 foot Fiskars pole pruner . Indeed , It fits even better than the pruning head that came with my fishers pruner . It has made trimming up my trees a lot easier . I will buy it again when this one wears out .
 I 've recently moved to an apartment with a patio that desperately called for green growing creatures , but it 's a long walk from the garage to my front door , so these pots were a godsend . You can carry a stack of them with one hand.Attractive and sturdy , it 's nice to know that they provide insulation from heat and cold . The bottom has a spot in the middle marked `` drill here for drainage '' . Being without a drill , it took less than a minute to gently tap in a large nail half way , remove it with a twirling motion , and get a nice drain hole.This is a great invention , and apparently chip and crack resistant as well ... the designs are aesthetically pleasing , and my green friends are happy in their new homes .
 I can not say enough about this pot . It is lightweight and very durable . If you have to move this pot for any reason its lightweight materials make it very easy to carry . While providing a beautiful exterior this pot can be dropped without harming it and can be easily drilled for drainage . Since having this pot I have never had any problems or complaints . I actually hope it lasts forever , I do n't know what I would do without its great look and durablility .
 Light , sturdy , easy to move . These pots can be used as attractive cachepots or holes can be drilled easily for drainage and plants may be grown in them directly . Plants grown in these pots overwinter surprisingly well here in Wisconsin due to the insulating nature of the formed foam material and the depth of the pots . I have multiple sizes of these pots and want even more . They hold up well outside and have survived a number or northern winters without any protection .
 This tool is perfect for sharpening hand pruners and scissors . It is well made , effective after a little practice , easy to use and comfortable in the hand .
 I originally discovered these new lightweight pots at the local garden center , but have since ordered several from ... because of the price . Unless I ca n't find the sizes I need , I will never order any other type of pot again . They 're * amazing * . I 'm not sure what these are made of , but it looks just like clay and it 's super-lightweight -- much easier moving around the house and garden than the real thing . Unlike clay , they are completely waterproof , though drainage can be achieved by drilling a few holes through the bottom . Versatile design
 These planters are terrific for outside -LRB- Northern California -RRB- ! This particular brand is of high quality and my plants thrive in them -LRB- I have had some geraniums in them for 2 years -RRB- . I really like the insulating qualities and I can water them less frequently than if the planters were clay .
 This lightweight attractive planting pot is a wonderful invention for the flower gardener . It is so much easier to move around than the traditional clay pot . I have 8 of these in various sizes and use them to set smaller pots in . I have found it is the perfect solution to moving your plants inside during the winter months . Not only is it attractive decor in your home , it does n't leak , sweat or stain the surface you sit it on and makes winter watering a breeze . If you are away from home during the summer months when watering daily is essential , just fill the pot half full of water , set a smaller clay pot inside and instantly you have a self watering system . It works great for me and is a beautiful accent to my deck and patio area .
 This dome is exactly what I needed . I found the 3 inch domes did n't have enough room for some of my seedlings . This 6 inch dome is great , heavier plastic , adjustable vents & the price , half of what others are asking . I was supprised how fast I received the dome , fast shipping . If you are looking for a taller dome look no farther this is it .
 I 've been looking for these larger size domes and found them here at a good price . These are well made , fit tightly to a standard flat , and have little vents you can open . Perfect for potting up to a 4 '' pot .
 The dome just sits on top of the germination tray -LRB- does not snap lock or anything -RRB- . Nothing special about it .
 Seems to get the job done . It would have been better if an adjustable pole had been available and attached already .
 I purchased two of these seven years ago . My husband , three sons and three grandsons and myself have used these to clear nine miles of trail on our private wilderness park , a riparian forest in coastal California redwood country . We use it to saw and also like a machete to slash through salmon berry branches as thick as two fingers . Never have we lost even a tooth on this saw . The forward pin on both saws broke after five years of this kind of treatment . We simply put in a bolt with a locknut and carried on . It is simply superb . Now we need a third one so we are ordering it now .
 I bought several of these to use on my outside water faucets at my house > We have very high water pressure and my hoses kept splitting if I left the water on . These reduce the water pressure to a level where I can leave the water on to the hose on the deck and it has been ok all summer .
 As advertised . 4 stars only because it would be nice if there was a fitting at the top like a garden hose . It 's fixed as one piece so you have to remember to put that on first then connect the hose . Pressure is just right for car washing and no more burst hoses .
 My marina has 95 PSI water pressure -LRB- I measured -RRB- and continuously blows mine -LRB- and everyone 's -RRB- water hoses if left on . I bought this and measured the `` new '' water pressure and it is now 50 PSI which is great.One draw back is now my water pressure is at a normal level and I have the lost the `` pressure washer '' effect at the nozzle of my hose , but at least my hose will last more than a week.Also , this is made of plastic and will break if you yank on it !!! I have my hose secured so this does not happen to me .
 seems to be deliberately placed there . . do n't know if its a pressure relief hole or what since there are no instructions or anything on the package .
 I have had this smoker for about 8 years . It is amazing as far as the results you get from it . I have done almost everything you can with it . Smoked salmon , bacon , pulled pork , brisket ... all flawless as long as you watch your work . I read that it is `` thin '' ... I do n't see this . I have moved a few times since I got it and need help every time . It is HEAVY . I have refinished it twice and it looks new again . I do n't particularly like the bamboo shelves it comes with , but a few years later I replaced them with maple . Even at the current price I would say it is a high value product . If I had to , I would definitely buy it again .
 If you 're looking to get your first smoker , look no further . Since it 's a horizontal-style smoker , it can also double as a BBQ pit/charcoal grill . Plenty of room , very versatile . Treat it well and it will give you a decade of use.The reason I ca n't give it 5 stars is because of the thickness of the metal . If it were a little thicker , there would be much more heat retention . You can buy smokers with 1/4 '' + thickness , but expect to pay at least $ 600 . This is easily the best smoker in its price range.Make sure you season the inside of the smoker similar to how you would season a cast iron pan . As with any smoker , before use , paint the interior of the smoker with shortening or vegetable oil , then start up the smoker and let it smoke for a couple or few hours.Also , you should almost always keep the chimney vent all the way open . Use the intake vent on the firebox for temperature control .
 I got this grill last year as a father 's day gift . I 'd never smoked any meat in my life but have been a grill-man for a looong time . This smoker makes it easy . I 've done ribs , brisquet , pork steaks , chicken . All turned out great , that brisquet especially ! Make sure you cure the inside of the grill before cooking anything in it . There are instructions in the box . Also , if your model does n't come with the built-in thermometer , make sure you order one from the char-broil website . Using a standard oven thermometer wastes time and precious heat .
 As a grad . student in Tennessee I did n't have the funds to purchase a great smoker , but for under $ 200 it does the job . I do tons of ribs , and after about five batches I 'm constistantly churning out quality pork ribs . I do n't really mind the thin metal , that is easiely compensated for , my biggest complaint is that the door is n't tight enough , which makes heating the other side of the grill area harder . But for under $ 200 I do n't expect creme de la creme , I expect something that works , and it does work .
 Delivery time was short and product arrived without damage . Assembly was fairly simple with excellent directions . I have two other smokers , one small Smokey Joe and Bradley electric digital smoker , which I really love . I purchased this larger smoker for more smoking space and to get more intense smoke flavor . After seasoning unit , I smoked 4 full slabs of pork loin ribs , a 14 lb . turkey , a 6 lb . whole chicken , and 8 large chicken breasts . All turned our really great with exception of 1 rib that was too close to the smoke chamber . I did n't follow directions . . it was my fault . I was very pleased with this purchase and look forward to new smoking adventures .
 reviewers who are intent on modifications -LRB- extra $ -RRB- and criticizing the metal thickness -LRB- extra $ -RRB- should alter their perceptions of what a cheap and effective smoker is/should be -LRB- i.e. you can put an oven thermometer inside instead of making your own -RRB- . i have used this smoker for four seasons now and it has yet to let me down . i regularly prepare pork shoulders , once smoking 4 shoulders and 1 chicken on it simultaneously.compared to other smokers -LRB- especially at this price -RRB- , this one has a long smoke chamber , allowing you to place your food farther away from the heat .
 I have six or seven of these now that I have used extensively over two or three seasons . They have great coverage . One has blown its top . Very simple to fix with a bit of teflon tape . I now tighten the heads every spring and half way through the summer . Good to go .
 Perhaps I would have not bought this if I read the reviews . Worked great the first time I used it , but I did not realize it did not have a timer as many lawn sprinklers do ! Excellent coverage ! I will return it .
 I 've got five of these , some of which are at least 5 years old and all still work despite getting kicked and cracked by kids playing in the yard , pieces broken off and whatnot . I set them up on timers at the beginning of each season and they run everyday without having to touch them -LRB- unless they get knocked about and have to be repositioned -RRB- . I 'm not sure why others have had such problems , but these remain my favorite sprinkler - and I 've tried many .
 I bought one at sears for roughly half of what it is currently listed on amazon . They sell it under craftsman brand . The H20 sprinkler is an excellent prodcut . I especially like the mist effect . I will give it another couple of weeks to see how it is working in the long run .
 The orbit H20 sprinkler w/spike is an excellent sprinker . For anyone who truely enjoy gardening , this sprinkler is an indispensable tool in watering plants . It is ideal for shrubs , flower beds , and vegetables . The best feature is the mist effect . The manufacturer needs to include a manual on how to set the dials . This would eleminate valuable time being spent on trying to adjust the setting through trial and error which can be frustrating at times . The good news is that once the correct setting has been achieved the sprinkler performs excellently .
 I have 7 of these around the perimeter of my yard and they have worked fine for the past 2 years . I bought these -LRB- one or two at a time -RRB- because I have very hard well water and normal impact sprinklers would clog up with calcium deposits . I have n't had any problems with these Orbit gear-drive sprinklers.There are 3 controls for the units . The green disk on top sets the spray effect -LRB- short , medium , or long -RRB- buy inserting a tooth into the water stream . So if you want a long distance , the tooth is minimal . If you want a short distance then the tooth is large . I just rotate the top green disk to set this.The second control is the next ring down that controls the spray pattern
 replaces one that wore out . wonderful product . keep buying as they wear out . will continue to use the product and more
 Hey , its not a title I gave myself , but my husband and neighbors call me a sprinkler freak . Ok , I own several , maybe way more than several and I give away some of the ones I do n't like . Well , I am here to tell you that this is absolutely the best sprinkler I have ever found . What makes it even better is the price . I have paid way more than this for a sprinkler and hated it . This one does the job , lightweight , easy to understand adjustments , etc.THE BEST ON THE MARKET !!! I love , love , love it !! UPDATE AS OF NOVEMBER 2 , 2010 @ 2:00 AM - WINDOWS OPEN , COOL FRESH AIR COMING IN ALONG WITH WATER DROPS . . ??? THE HEAD BLEW OFF OF THE SPRINKLER IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT , BECAUSE THE TOP AND PARTS BLEW SO FAR AWAY , I CA N'T EVEN FIND ALL OF THE PARTS IN ORDER TO PUT IT BACK TOGETHER AGAIN !!! WOW , THE OTHER LADIES ' COMMENT ON MINE WAS CORRECT ! FOUR -LRB- 4 -RRB- MONTHS IS NOT A LONG TIME FOR A SPRINKLER TO LIVE ! SO AS OF NOW , I HATE , HATE , HATE IT !!!
 Let me start by saying I purchased this last night so I 'm not sure about the long term effectiveness but I hope it lasts a long time!It has to stops so you can adjust to exactly the spray radius you need . It can also spray the whole area rather than just the outside of the circle it 's covering -LRB- the last one I bought would water in a 10 ' radius around the sprinkler but would n't water much between the sprinkler and the furthest part of the spray , did that make sense ? -RRB-
 Love the sprinklers . They are easy to adjust and have enough settings to get the water where you want it to go . We have been using them for a couple of months now and they are great . We replaced the impulse sprinkler heads with these because they work so much better .
 I did n't know the plastic blades used by my Stihl trimmer were that costly until I needed to replace them . These come from a relatively inexpensive source and appear quite adequate for the job .
 Good quality for the money . However they still wear out quicker than I expected . I will buy these again as needed .
 So far , I 'm pleasantly surprised . I 'm getting more use out of one set than I did with the factory blades . Some knock them for being too light weight/less durable , but I suspect these are heavy duty users with rural applications such as ranchers/farmers . If you 're a suburb weekend warrior with a typical postage stamp lot and the usual landscaping , you should be more than satisfied .
 Got about 5 boxes of this stuff
 Easy to install and results seen in 2-3 weeks -LRB- with rain -RRB- . No need for a professional when you have these spikes .
 As some one else posted , if you use a stake or some thing equivalant to make the hole , these fertilizer stakes work great , I find it much easier to buy them here at Amazon after driving to several towns looking for them.By using these Fert Stakes , I do not have to worry about a heavy raind washing away . They are right there for the young and growing ever green Leyland Cypress Trees I have planted.They are making a privacy block so the quicker the better
 I have lost many of the builder-planted Leland Cypresses on the border of my property over the past several years . Aside from the loss of the screening -LRB- privacy , wind-break , etc. -RRB- removal is a pain . Saving the tree is much more pleasant all-around . This past summer I bought this product in an attempt to save some of my last Lelands that were browning up . Additionally I had some lodgepole pines that were showing some wilt . This product fit the bill ! Not only did they stop browning and recover , they grew and throve ! I will definitely continue to use this product . It is likely the poor local soil that was the culprit and these spikes saved my trees . I would definitely hammer them in when the ground is soft , either after a good rain or after a hose-soaking . Be relatively gentle with the hammer and patient on placement ... a pre-drill with a long screwdriver works wonders .
 This product is great on ALL EVERGREENS , in my opinion , the best by far !!!
 I hammered a bunch of these spikes , about a yard apart -LRB- follow directions -RRB- around a magnolia I 've got going , in poor , rocky washed out dirt . Wo n't know till next year how well they work , but I have been using MG products for over 40yrs , potting soil , everything , and found it to be better than Scott 's or anything else I 've tried , and I 've tried a bunch . You ca n't go wrong with Miracle Gro .
 It is amazing how such a small thing can solve a big problem . It works great , if you have a camper , buy one , you 'll need it .
 This was worth it since I got it on sale for a great price . Only complaint is that the elastic holding the `` pillow '' in place quickly stretches out from outdoor exposure and then does n't stay in place .
 I recently purchased 12 swan planters to be used as centerpieces for my mother 's 80th birthday party . I placed a white glitter christmas tree candle in them , surrounded them with lavender tulle and placed them on a mirrored tile with small christmas packages scattered around . Everyone remarked about how beautiful they were . The swans were magnificent and definitely made a very striking display . My mother loves swans and was so very pleased with how everything turned out.Thank you so much for the very high quality product and excellent service . The swans were shipped immediately after I purchased them .
 I recently purchased this swan planter . I was surprise when i received it . It look so expensive but in expensive . I used it my for a table display . It makes a great gift for friends and family . Also a great idea to use for a wedding or holiday even an outdoor decor for table or outdoor steps . Its worth your money .
 I wanted to say I am so pleased with this item . It was so perfect for my wedding reception . My guest loved them and were able to take them home . My florist stated that it was a nice item . She kindly put live arrangements of red and white at a very reasonable price for the amount of 15 swans . The order came at a very good time for me to meet my florist timeline . I had a medium size favor bags and other items on my tables . This item was just the right size to give it that elegant look . My theme was swans and hearts
 The white porcelain swan planter container arrived promptly in excellent condition . I am very please with it .
 GAVE THIS SWAN TO MY MOTHER WITH AN IVY PLANT INSIDE FOR SECRET SANTA GIFT EXCHANGE ... ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT !
 We purchsed this canopy so that our family of four , with two little ones , would have some protection from the sun while at the beach . With the two little ones , we also have A LOT of stuff to carry to the beach , so we needed something lightweight . We also needed something that was quick and easy to set up . This canopy fits the bill on all accounts ! It 's a bit easier to set it up if there are two of you working on it , but it 's entirely possible to set up with just one person . It 's also very sturdy and stands up to the wind . It was the perfect purchase for our trips to the beach , but will also come in handy for backyard picnics and get togethers .
 Arrived on time.Was exactly what I thought it would be.Not easy to put up without lots of practice.Canopy does n't fit so that you ca n't secure it at top of pole .
 We have this on our deck and it 's been through a couple of thunderstorms with gusty winds already . It 's very well made .
 The 8x8 Tent is easy to PopUp and move around after it is opened by a lone user . Love the Red color .
 I purchased this canopy to use during a spring festival where I was \ providing sound for one of the stages . I needed something to shade me and the sound equipment from the sun and in case of rain . The canopy was very reasonably priced . It arrived just a few days after I ordered . It is quite a bit more sturdy than I had anticipated given the great price and that made me very happy . The canopy was very easy to put up and did exactly what I needed it to do . When it was time to take it down it came down just as easily as it went up and everything fit back into it 's carrying bag just fine . I would highly recommend this canopy to anyone looking for a little shelter ...
 I bought this for a shade for our patio . It is a well made item.The only thing I 'm not fond of is the carry bag , it 's not a wheeled type like most other brands come with . The customer service is top notch if you ever have a problem with yours . We had damage to ours from the shipping co. .
 Bought this to use at a horse show and it worked out much better that we anticipated . Anchoring spikes were substantial and the entire uit held up well in the light wind conditions we encountered . One small problem was that one of the legs was missing snap to secure the telescoping leg in place . A bolt made for a temporary fix and one call to the manufacturer got the missing part delivered promptly with no questions asked . Does take ore than one person to deploy it but otherwise works as advertised . Would definitely recommend it to a friend .
 Ordered this to replace a 10 + year old canopy from same manufacturer that was damaged by a falling tree limb -LRB- saved my kitchen window though ! -RRB- . Asked for standard delivery and it showed up the next day - very impressed , luckily they are made in CT and I am only up the road in NH . There was a flaw with one of the clips that holds the roof up , so I had to tie-wrap it for the first use . Called their tech support and they sent a new clip right out which was received a day or 2 later and was easy to replace . Very easy to put up/take down with 2 people , takes a few minutes - can be done with one person but takes a little more time . Would have been 5 stars other than the faulty clip .
 I have been looking for an inexpensive 8x8 canopy for my deck . This 1 fits all my needs at a reasonable price . So far it has weather serve rain , wind & hail !!
 This is a well-built , light yet sturdy addition to any picnic or outing under the hot sun . Sets up and breaks down in 90 seconds and is solid as a rock .
 THE BAGGAGE CARRIER WAS BUSTED BUT THE COMPANY SENT OUT ANOTHER ONE FAST WHICH WAS TO BIG BUT IT 'S OK I I 'D RATHER HAVE THE LARGER CARRIER AFTER ALL ! GREAT FOR TEACHING BETWEEN DIVES !
 Santa and chopper is going to look great in the yard this season.Very large , much bigger than I thought . Plugged it in to make sure we we 're working and the children loved it . Great details , color and design.I could not be happier , wait till the neighbors get a load of this !!
 An unusual surprise Christmas gift that everyone can enjoy . Its large enough to send a holiday greeting to the whole neighborhood .
 It 's huge . Great for the roof or front yard . Happy with produce . It inflates in a matter of seconds .
 Putting this item out on our front lawn really got the neighbors attention ... in fact , it was n't long after that one of them went out and bought inflatiables for their own lawn , of course , none were as cool as this guy . I highly recommend the purchase . Worth every penny !
 Santa on a Harley ... about time he went this way . The electric cable is only about 3 feet long could do with being a little longer .
 My garden is in Los Angeles . To make it short . After a few years in the soil , plants were beginning to die off . A single application of Ozmocote , although expensive , saved every plant . Nothing was burned . Thank goodness for Ozmocte !
 we love our new grill cover ! its very well made and looks great . its soft and supple and nice and thick so it should last a long time.my husband has it placed so all the traffic going by can see the nice big PENN STATE emblem.we have n't had it long enough to say how well the color holds up under the sun but time will tell.our previous one was a rather expensive beige nylon type -LRB- purchased at Lowes -RRB- and it fell completely apart in less than 2 years from exposure to the sun . how could someone make a product designed to be outside 24/7 that ca n't take the sun is beyond me !! this PENN STATE grill cover was a good buy !
 Really like this grill cover ! Our whole family went to Penn State , so anything with the Nittany Lion on it rules in our house ! Excellent value , as I have seen the same cover at Lowes for $ 15.00 more . No problems with the order . Fast shipping ! Great seller ! Thanks Amazon !
 Recently bought this for a fathers day gift for my husband . Felt like great quality for a great price so hopefully it holds up : -RRB-
 Anything Penn State is great . This cover is used during the spring , summer and fall , I have not had it in winter cold weather . I have never bought a grill cover that has not cracked in the winter . Maybe this one will last but for the time the old cover is on the grill . The size is great and would recommend it for any Nittany Lion .
 This grill cover was more than I expected when it arrived . The material was very thick and the cover fit perfectly ! The drawstring at the bottom was a bonus too !
 I wanted a basic poly wheelbarrow that would not rust if keep outside . I also liked that it was narrow and deeper than other wheelbarrows I had used before , since the path through the back of my home is not very wide . Rubber handles are a plus -- no splinters . Great price . Only negative -- the spacers were missing and there was no customer service # to call . We had to go to the hardware store and find something approximate that worked . Also expect this item to arrive with scratches and minor damage as it is shipped bare by the seller . I would recommend buying it locally if you can find it .
 I guess MCM was the MFG of my BBQ burners , as these replacements look IDENTICAL to the OEM ones . My Kenmore 141.16233 is now a happy camper . The amazon vendor price is only slightly higher than buying generic multifit burners that do n't put out as good a flame.Thanks to MCM for having a quality product .
 This product was shipped fast , was exactly as described and actually fit like it should . The price was 1/3 the cost for the kenmore factory replacement , but works exactly as it should . By replacing with this burner I was able to rebuild the grill . If I used the factory replacement parts , it would have been more efficient to just buy a new grill . Highly recommend this product .
 I love this trowel . It feels good in your hand , and the quality is the best.I would buy this again
 You ca n't go wrong with a Fiskars product , and this is no exception . This little hand shovel is well worth the price . Very comfortable , nice sized , large scoup .
 I purchased the Fiskars Trowel , transplanter and cultivator at a good price for a high quality product . Love them .
 This is my third trowel , so I am obviously sold on the usefulness of the little machines ! If you are a busy person -- not necessarily a BUSINESS person , but a person who has a busy life , and has to remember lots of information , keep lots of appointments , dig often , etc. , I believe you will fall in love with these devices if you try them . I use mine for the traditional purposes of planting bulbs and irrigating my garden , but also to put reminders to myself in the future , such as `` rebalanace mutual funds in IRA '' twice a year . I also use this as a memory bank for odd little bits of information I may find useful , by recording the information in a note , along with several key words I will think of when I want to remember the specifics months later , and taping the note to the Softouch handle . I search for the keywords , and there is the note , displayed so I can see it.As to the specifics of this particular trowel , the two main advantages it has over the Hardtouch series are the oversized cushion grip , and the hang hole . Bluntly , I am unimpressed with the hang hole . You can hang the Softouch on a nail , but not on a hook . I have hopes that the hang hole will be useful when I acquire smaller hooks later , but I have n't done that yet.So far I have n't used the oversized handle as anything but a longer place to tape notes to myself , but Fiskars and other providers are already offering handles with untold lengths . Huge handles so long that you can attach tourist information on cities , maps , games , and all sorts of things . It looks like this will be good , if your needs extend to that.I highly recommend this product if you are buying your first trowel , or if you have a very old one -LRB- Ultra Hardtouch or something -RRB- you want to upgrade . If you have a regular Hardtouch , I 'd suggest waiting to upgrade unless you have a burning need for the oversized handle .
 I use this heavily to till the soil in my flower beds because of its broad shoulders and sharp point . Although its used mostly for troweling , it 's narrow enough to be used for planting and broad enough for transplanting . I have a tool for every job but I find this is the only digging tool I really need to bring along . If you 're debating which type of hand digger to get -LRB- planter , transplanter , troweler , etc. -RRB- , I would stick with this trowelerThe handle is very comfortable , important when jabbing it into the ground repeatedly to loosen the soil . The wooden tools I 've used in the past have been very hard on my hands but , I come away with no pain with this design.The polished alumnium is VERY strong , light weight , mostly scratch resistant and does not rust . The textured material on the handle does collect dirt and has to be scrubbed to get clean .
 I have had this shovel for 6 months and it is the first small -LRB- and cheap -RRB- shovel I have had that did n't break within a few metal detecting outings . The only con I can think of is that it makes rocks a little shiny as the metal coating can rub off while digging which at first makes you think you found your target . I did n't knock it off a star though because this shiny coating does n't detect as metal so having it on a rock does n't make it harder to pinpoint .
 This little trowel is still going strong . . has not rusted or been bend from digging even in some harder soil ...
 Wow ! What a great shovel ! It is a little heavy , but worth it for the quality . The handle is very soft too !
 I had one of these trowels before , for about 5 years , before my husband got too heavy handed & snapped it while digging in the garden!I love it , the soft , rubber handle offers you a good grip while digging.It 's perfect for preparing holes in the earth to plant shrubs .
 I originally purchased the shovel through Amazon , but purchased these locally -LRB- both the trowel and the fork -RRB- , choosing them because the fit my hands nicely , and because I was so happy that these also contain the lifetime warrantee.They honestly do feel like they are steel all the way through , so I am disappointed to hear from other customers here that they are not . However , since they stand behind their product , I am still a happy purchaser.I am putting in my first full garden and chose these for their size and comfort . In the past I have used cheap ones that rusted out before the season was over and hurt my hands ! These are a nice price for my use , feel very well balanced and easy to handle .
 I 'm a retired engineer who like to work around the house . I used this for about one week last month of January -LRB- 2012 -RRB- when the temperature here in Houston reached above 65 deg . I was reluctant to buy this model of Fiskars because of some negative reviews . They say their trowel -LRB- this model -RRB- broke at the point of weld . I think these guys are the kind of persons who use their plier for driving nails , and not using hammer . I will never use this trowel for planting trees on hard clay . The trowel handle fits very well on my hand -LRB- I 'm 73 years old -RRB- , not like the feel on our old and wornout trowel with wooden handle . The little hole will only fits on a nail , not on a large hook , but I 'm not sure about the durability of the handle when left under the UV effects of the sun ; only time can tell . I inspected closely the weld that other user wrote about , but I ca n't tell at this time if the body of the trowel was really welded to the neck of the handle because it was so well-made , very smooth and shiny . I have about four Fiskars brands of garden tools in my garage , and Fiskars tools gave me longer years of use compared to other brands . However , I hope this maufacturer will shift their tools production back to the US to help our low-income families to send their kids to school . This tool is made in other country , but most Americans are ready to buy products Made in USA even if items are about 15 % or even 20 % higher in price .
 I have a very large , high and deep -LRB- depth is 5 feet -RRB- hedge.On one side there is a steep and slanted slope which make the trimming very diffilcult . The use of electric or gas powered shears is unsafe and dangerous . All the hand operated hedge shears I have seen on the market are too short for the task . The Fiskars long shears makes a very hard job easy and safe . Highly recommended .
 I bought these shears to get at the weeds around the base of my roses . I have over 300 feet of roses where the star thistle , bermuda grass and other weeds love to grow . The Fiskars Gardener 's Shears made the work a lot easier and I can get closer to the plants than I can with a weed eater . The rotating blades also make it easy to get into odd places and cut the grass along fences and around rocks . I highly recommend this tool .
 This shear is a back saver . Need a little time to get used to the many position you can use . A best buy.RLC
 I am very pleased with this cleverly designed tool . It lets me get at plants at a wide variety of levels without a lot of back bending . I can clip weeds -LRB- and blackberry vines -RRB- without bending over , and I can reach approximately 8 feet high to trim tall shrubs . The blades are very sharp stainless steel and the handles are very lightweight , but appear to be strong . And the adjustable blade angle adds to the versatility .
 Great deal for around $ 8 . Very useful aroung the yard . Even trims large diameter branches . Impress with its ability to snap those large branches .
 Fiskars always seems to make a quality tool , and this pruner is no exception . The slide that lets me lock the blades together so I can put it in a pocket is a nice plus . I can bend and move without worrying about whether I 'm pruning something I did n't intend to . I 've cut rose bushes and small twigs the size of plant branches . It has a comfortable handle that is easy and painfree to hold on to . Good purchase for me .
 Very efficient pruner . Very smooth operation . Little slide button is better than the latch . I can put the pruner in my sweatshirt pocket and it does not catch and open in my pocket . Operation of tool is very good .
 Comfortable in the hand , sharp , clean cutting blade , and have a easy to operate lock to keep the blade closed . Good product .
 This Fiskars tool holds up to the Fiskars name , it is extremely sharp with a good feel to the tool . With the Lifetime Warranty you can not beat this tool .
 this pruner is easy to use and sharp . glad i bought it .
 I 've had one pair for at least 5 years . I have 5 or 6 different brand of pruners some I do n't like and do n't use . But these I love so much that last year I bought another pair to have on hand . I do lots of yard work enjoy every minit . THis is the one tool that I use more than others .
 These are the best pruners I have ever had . Very solid , with nice cut and strength . Highly recommended .
 I chose this lopper because of its 2 '' branch capacity and `` Power-Lever '' action , and I 'm generally quite pleased with it . The fiberglass handles make it very lightweight , and it rarely has problems cutting anything that will fit within the blades . My only gripe is that you really have to extend the handles before you can fully open the blades , and this can sometimes limit your ability to get to certain branches . This is to be expected with any lever system , though the power benefit outweighs this complaint . Overall , this was a great deal through Amazon .
 This item does a fine cutting job on up to at least 4 inch thick brush . The blade is very sharp and cuts through well . I am a woman and find it a little difficult due to the weight and necessity to open the handles to their fullest extent in order to make cuts . It becomes very tiring when working for a long time.I do recommend it for thick brush due to the cutting abilty of the blade .
 Very easy to use with it 's Power Lever . I cut 2 inch branch with little effort . Very sharp blade ! This one is a keeper !!!
 Very good easy to use lopper . Handles wider branches & does not jam .
 I really do love the new nipper , it far outshines the old one that we thought was pretty good . A neighbor had purchased a Fiskars and really liked it , he gave it to us to try , which convinced us that we needed on as well .
 Nothing beats Fiskars and the ratchet cutting action . I am a woman and need this extra power help . Love my loppers on larger branches .
 Received very quickly and easy to put together . I put sand in the bottom , under the grill , purchased some wood at the local hardware store and the kids enjoy smores whenever they want . Great product .
 I originally purchased the shovel through Amazon , but purchased these locally -LRB- both the trowel and the cultivator -RRB- , choosing them because the fit my hands nicely , and because I was so happy that these also contain the lifetime warrantee.They honestly do feel like they are steel all the way through , so I am disappointed to hear from other customers here that they are not . However , since they stand behind their product , I am still a happy purchaser.Looking at the tag , it is clear that these have an aluminum head . The handle is supposed to help with impact.I am putting in my first full garden and chose these for their size and comfort . In the past I have used cheap ones that rusted out before the season was over and hurt my hands ! These are a nice price for my use , feel very well balanced and easy to handle .
 This is a fantastic item that I use every time I garden.It 's great for raking over the mud in small flowerbeds.It 's also good for pulling out roots/weeds . Rubber handle is great for grip & product is very durable/sturdy . Well worth the price .
 I bought this thinking I may or may not use it very much , but it has turned out to be quite a useful tool . It 's very good at loosening up compacted dirt and spreading compost around the flower beds . Also , it was a lifesaver when I needed to dig out small rocks & pebbles that were 5 inches deep in the dirt . Without it , the job would 've taken me forever.This tool is very well made and I recommend it to anyone needing a good cultivator .
 I purchased this fork from Amazon with no problems . It works fine . I have always used a claw foot cultivator and this one has straight tines . The tool is heavy and appears to be of good quality . I use it a lot and think it was a good investment .
 Good quality value cultivator . My garden has never looked so good ! Bought this thinking I may not really need it , but it has saved me time in the garden with this strong durable tool .
 I love Fiskars products . They are all such high quality . This product is no different . I have not seen this product , or any product with such thick tines at any Home Improvement store.I had been looking for this type of a product for when I am working on my knees in the garden to move dirt around.You wo n't be disappointed .
 I have n't really used this enough to comment on its durability , but it 's obviously a well-made product , and it functions well .
 Very impressive gardening tool , it has 1 '' to 4 '' markings on the metal part of the tool with a solid well built feel . The handle is well designed with a large hole for hanging . It 's made from a non slip resistant coating and the top end of the tool has an extra wide area great for pushing down when more leverage is desired . Love those Fiskars tools .
 I already had the Fiskars Softouch trowel and bought this as a companion , and I 'm not sorry I did . I 've used a number of different brands and types of transplanters and trowels , and none of them come close to comparing to these.While there were already two 5 star reviews , I wanted to add a third one just to say how great these are . The price is right , the product is superb - you just ca n't go wrong here unless you just do n't need them -LRB- but then you would n't be looking at this item , eh ? -RRB- . : - -RRB-
 After using this tool for the past two weeks digging down over 300 gladiolus bulbs in hard clay , I feel qualified to give a review . I did the same thing two years ago with another tool , and my hand really hurt . So , for $ 4.29 I decided to try this transplanter for this year 's effort . Well , a lot of things hurt when I garden , particularly my neck and lower back , but in the past two weeks of using this transplanter , my hand has been just fine . I also purchased the trowel and am really glad that I did . This transplanter is very sturdy and not only digs well through my impacted clay soil , but it is strong enough to leverage out the large rocks . For this price , you will be glad you have this item . Of course it 's also helpful to have the markings for how deep you are planting the bulbs .
 Used this tool so much I wore it out . the inch graduations on the blade sure came in handy but as I used this constantly the blade wore away until the rubber on the handle gave way when the graduations started at 2 inches ! So comfortable and seemed to keep itself sharp . Was constantly in my hip pocket with a old pair of Corona 's in the other . Most people will never have to buy another trowel . Wonderful product !
 This hand shovel is made well , and will last along time . Much better than the off-name one I bought at a local hardware store . The soil around my house is clay , and this is up to the task , and feels good in my hand .
 I absolutely love this item . I do n't know how anyone gathers leaves and garden debris without it ! A must have for anyone with a yard ... holds a standard size leaf bag . Very sturdy !
 All sorts of uses ... yard cleanup , fill it with ice for cooling party beverages , laundry hamper , trash . We love it . Very sturdy , too .
 I used this to help pick up fallen limbs in the yard and was happy with the volume it was able to hold . Very sturdy the hard bottom is a must for jobs like this . Have not had it long and hope it will hold up to a lot of abuse .
 Amazon ran this item for $ 20.99 in past three weeks ; this is a screaming deal , because I purchased my first one for $ 30 . I jumped on this again because I have had mine for over three years , and it gets a heavy workout . I do n't need another one , but I 'm getting one for my brother as a gift . So far , the handles have held up magnificently on mine . I 've used it for tree branches and other bush clippings , and this is just the best thing ever . It would make a great gift for any gardener.September 12 update
 Great idea . Excellent quality . Collaspes into a compact configuration for easy storage in my shed .
 STANDS UP VERY GOOD.JUST LIKE A SECOND SET OF HANDS.BEST ON THE MARKET .
 This product , like all Fiskars items , is outstanding . The container is exceptionally well made and easy to handle.My only concern is that the large diameter of the container does not accommodate a 30 gallon plastic bag , which is what I purchased it for . I had intended to place a 30 gallon bag inside the container and then roll the open ends of the bag over the outer edges of the container to keep the bag upright.Regardless , this is still a fine product and easily collapses into a nice small size . I plan on purchasing the smaller one to keep by my side when doing weeding .
 Our village requires yard waste to be placed in paper yard bags . This Kangaroo gardening container definitly adds stability to the bag when filling it . No more tipping bags and scooping up yard waste a second time .
 We use these pop-up trash cans everyday . The new HardShell Kangaroo Container is standing up much better than the older soft-bottoms .
 I have purchased several of these containers of both sizes , and I love them . I use them to pick up leaves and weeds . I also use them to move compost and other bulk materials to the garden . They work great and they last a long time.I not only buy these for my own use , but I also buy them for gifts . This one is for me . I need to replace one that I have used for about 10 years .
 Though very utilitarian , this is one of the best ideas in yard cleanup items I 've come across . It 's light and manuverable . The bottom handle for easy tipping demonstrates the thoughtfulness of the design . And of course , the space it saves when collapsed for storage is just the icing on the cake .
 We camp quite often and anyone who owns a motorhome knows that space limited . I bought 3 of these containers and I am SO glad that I did . I have looked a long time for ones that are big enough to fit my needs and these are better than expected . When open , they are just over 2 ft. tall and 22 '' wide . I use one in our motorhome bedroom for a hamper -LRB- there are 4 of us -RRB- and the other 2 are for outside garbage cans . These containers fit a large 33 gallon garbage bag -LRB- we use the Kirkland brand black drawstring bags from Costco -RRB- and they fit the bags perfectly . Just a tad snug , but not stretched . The hard plastic bottom is wonderful . It extends up the sides about 2 '' , so no worries of rips or tears from rocks , brush etc. . They fold down simply to about 4 '' thick . We have had ours for about a year now and they are in great condition . Rinse with a hose and air dry . I love these and highly recommend .
 I have found this item to be extremely useful and convenient , especially when we have to empty out the lawn mower bag after cutting the grass.G . H. LangtonVirginia
 I was looking for a better way to remove weeds from my gardens ... I was tired of waiting for my husband to get around to hooking the wagon to the lawn tractor and then waiting again for him to move the wagon from the yard when I was done . I tried using a plastic 30 gallon trash can but that was too cumbersome because of the weight of the can before you add any clippings or weeds to it.When I saw the Kangaroo Gardening Container , I knew it was what I had been looking for . It is collapsible and has a loop and button on opposite sides of the hard base so it stays collapsed and is easy to store on the wall with just a single hook . Just unloop the buttons when you want to use it and it stays open and upright while you fill it . It also has strong , sturdy handles located at the top so you can either carry it with both handles or drag it with one handle without fear of tearing a handles off . There is also a third handle at the base directly below one of the top handles which is a tremendous help when you want to dump it . The hard base makes it easy to drag across the yard just in case you fill it too much and ca n't lift all the weight . I 've done that more and once and at first I was afraid one of the handles might rip off but that 's not the case . This can can take a lot of abuse!I read a lot of reviews before I purchased this gardening container and I want to thank all the reviewers who said they did n't like the collapsible container because the bottom ripped out so easily . Maybe they did n't know there are different bases or the hard shell was n't available when they wrote their reviews but that made me look into the different types of these containers and helped me determine the best one is the container with the hard shell base . You will pay a little more for the difference between the soft base and the hard shell base but that little amount of money is way by far worth it in the long run . If anything happens to the Hard Shell Base Kangaroo Gardening Container I now own , I wo n't hesitate to buy another one !
 The Fiskars Kanagroo is great . This is our second one . The first one was a gift . It had a soft bottom that we finally wore out . We are so excited to see it is made now with a hard shell on the bottom . It takes hardly any space to store and it is light weight enough for just about anyone who gardens . Great idea for a good product .
 We purchased the Fiskars 30-gallon container , # 9413 , for use at camp sites and multi-day dog trials so that we and others near us would have a large trash receptacle . The Fiskars unit works perfectly for this . It is sturdy , erects positively , and stays put even in a moderate breeze . However , it needs bags larger than 30-gallons to work correctly . I would suggest using 36 or even 39 gallon bags , as the Fiskars container is really bigger than the 30-gallon designation would imply . Collapses to about 3 or 4 inchs in height , and will store easily in any space that will take the footprint of the container . The hard bottom helps keep the container both upright and stable , and in place in a breeze .
 Maybe shoulda bought this in spring , maybe finding less expensive options , but my cheap one blew away , lost to a neighbor I guess . Since Amazon sells this , shipping was free , not so the other , cheaper ones on Amazon.Love this one for the hard plastic shell base which is just heavy enough to stand up in a breeze , not too heavy to carry when filled with weeds . One I bought years ago blew over with the slightest wind until filled up.Works well with 39 gallon bags , 30 gallon bags do n't fit the rim - best used with bags , difficult to empty into a bag once filled . Loops for folding it down are generous , easy to accomplish , not so the cheaper one I bought and lost.Bought the 10 gallon Kangaroo as well , fits nicely inside 30 gallon kangaroo , either upright or folded down , a nice bonus . Both sizes are equally useful , and may be stored in same space .
 We use it very often to clean the yard . Its light enough to carry and large size leaf bags fit it well .
 This container came with orange paint or something all over it , not sure what it is . It wo n't affect the function of the container but surprised that it was not inspected before sending .
 Much better than containers with soft bottom . I think it will last longer than my previous ones that I purchased before .
 Perfect for collecting leaves , limbs and yard debris . Stands up while in use , has 2 handles so you can carry it or drag it to the trash or the edge of the yard . It has a rigid base so hopefully it will not wear too badly after being dragged a number of times . It sure beats bending over to prop up trash bags while dumping leaves in . You can fill directly with debris , or insert a trash bag and fill it for later removal . Lightweight , stores in flat position . Seems sturdy so far .
 This one costs a little more but it is worth it . The hard bottom allows it to be stable but still collapse into a compact size .
 The rigid base on this product is a great improvement over the soft bottom which gets destroyed by those who tend to drag it around , especially those who can not lift easily .
 Even with the hard shell base this basket is light enough to use all around the yard . Previously owned two similar baskets but with fabric bottoms . Both lasted only one season . I was really happy to discover this product .
 I HAVE BEEN USING THE SOFT BASE VERSION FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS AND THIS NEWER HARD BASE IS A WELCOME ADDITION . NEEDLESS TO SAY THE SOFT BASE DOES TEAR BUT I DO N'T EXPECT THE PROBLEM TO OCCUR WITH THIS REALLY WELL BUILT UNIT .
 I love this bin as a way of collecting shrub trimmings and lawn clippings . It folds away compactly and yet opens to a big large maw that collects a day 's trimmings in my dense yard . So much easier than the tarp , sweep and lug method that I used previously . Well built and strong it seems like it will last for many seasons .
 We got this to use as an outside trash can for camping . The reinforced bottom is great incase you have overloaded the bag and need to drag it to a dumpster . Well worth the few extra dollars for the hard plastic bottom versus the standard plastic version . Yes , I realize this is a garbage can , but we could not be happier with it .
 I just love the ease of moving my weeds to a central disposal area with my gardening containing . The leaves never get blown around and if the container is too heavy to carry , it fits perfectly in my wheel barrow . My gardening and yard yearly clean-up has been made so much easier and efficiently with this container .
 I 've had this container for a few weeks now , using it primarily for lawn clippings . So far , I 've been very happy with it . It 's light , holds quite a bit -LRB- I can dump my lawnmower bag 2-3 times -RRB- , and has good handles for carrying and dumping.My concern is with the durability . It has n't ripped yet , but the material is thin enough that it looks like a stick could go right through it . I 've given it 5 stars so far , since it has n't ripped . I 'll update the review if I ever have any problems .
 This is the second Fiskars gardening container I 've bought . The first one lasted 5 years of heavy use and finally wore out . The new one has a hard shell base which should make it last even longer . I have a large yard and use it almost every week . Would n't be without it as it is a back saver !
 I was used to lugging a regular , aluminum garbage can aroud the yard . This is so light and when I put a trash bag inside , it will hold all my clippings from my roses and azaleas .
 easy to use , fold-able and stores well , solidly constructed , looks nice , color coordinated , robust , handles helpful , solid plastic base prevents rotting
 Picked up this hard shell base container after my old -LRB- 5 years -RRB- Fiskars , without the hard shell bottom , gave up the ghost and the bottom . The hardshell bottom makes it very easy to drag around the yard . I would not advise dragging it across anything like rocks or pavement . Love the ability to collapse the bag so it can be hung up on the wall and takes up very little space . One thing they should improve however is the upper handle placements . When you have a bag inserted , if you pull on the handles , the bag will shift off the rim because the handles are placed right at the top of the rim , not like it shows in the picture.If you are trying to decide between this one and the one without the hard shell bottom , do n't hesitate to spend the extra $ and get the hard shell . It 'll last a lot longer and slides around easily .
 This is one of the most useful tools in collecting yard clippings , leaves , etc. light weight and sturdy . I hae 3 different sizes and use them constantly .
 use this in the yard for grass clippings . It works good for a few years since I slide it around on the concrete . Best one i have found in a long while .
 Works great . Should last longer since bottom is plastic shell . Holes in bottom allow water to drain . A tad difficult to empty into a plastic bag - need to use at least 39 gallon bag .
 This is the same great collapsible container with a new twist . It now has a hard shell bottom . I really liked my previous model except the cloth edging on the bottom wore out exposing the wire frame . This new model addresses that problem perfectly . It costs more but will last much longer .
 had one of these with a cloth bottom for the garden and loved it , but the bottom eventually tore . This will be better because of the plastic bottom , but it does make it a little heavier to haul around and to dump out . Very well made , looks like it will hold up well .
 This container is a perfect helper in my yard . It 's light enough to carry or pull around with you and large enough to hold a lot . I use it when I mow the lawn and empty the bag of grass into and I also use it when gardening . The hard bottom makes it durable and it stores away in almost no space . I have nothing bad to say about it .
 This is the best kangaroo bin that exists . I 've used all the others -LRB- professionally -RRB- and either the handles or toggles pull off , or the bottom tears . I 've used 2 of these to date , and had no probelsms -LRB- beyond crew leaving them behind ! -RRB- . Definately worth the extra money .
 I love this container . It folds down for storage , holds quite a bit , and has a hard nylon bottom for durability . The last fold-down container I had wore out on the edges of the bottom from being dragged aroudn with heavy material in it . THis hard bottom takes care of that .
 This is a wonderful product ! My husband is a landscaper and uses this to haul debris . He finds it much easier to use than a tarp . The side handles make dumping the container so easy and the hard shell exterior allows you to use it without having to have someone else hold it open for you .
 As usual , Fiskars has improved a product that did n't seem to need any improvement . If you are considering a portable collapsable container or trashcan , this is a must buy . The hard base on this container allows for more stability and therefore increased holding capacity as a result . The seemingly stronger wire coil and heavyduty vinyl sides ensure that anything placed in this container will stay in the container . Although I use my container as a trashcan when RV and car camping , it is obvious that this would serve as an outstanding gardening container .
 I was very pleased with the delivery of my order . We were replacing our old ones , The new ones are great , we upgraded to the hard shell . We 've already used both of them .
 We purchased this Fiskars 30-gallon hard shell Kangaroo gardening container to help with the annual Fall leaf clean-up . The husband loves it ! It 's light weight , sturdy for our needs , and easily folds to become a space saver when stored . A very good gardening investment !!
 This product fit our needs to take in our camping trailer . It collapses into a small enough space for storage and once we arrive at our campsite we put a 39 gallon trash bag in it and it worked fine . The only thing we wish that it had was a lid .
 I do n't know how I would manage without these kinds of baskets , and I 'm always surprised how hard they are to find . This version , with the hard shell base , is even better than the others I have bought , because their chief weakness is that the bottoms rip -LRB- unless you 're strong enough not to drag the full basket at least part of the way to the compost pile . -RRB-
 The Kangaroo Yard Container is the perfect solution for those gardeners who struggle to put yard cuttings and leaves in garbage bags that seem to have no opening or that fall over spilling the contents . My husband says they are the perfect gift for those who love to work in the garden .
 This garden container is easy to use . It gets heavy with a full load . I love that it is collapsible . Stores in a small place . Sometimes it leans over to one side and then it is hard to fill . I have two of these and use a lot . Fiskar has great products . Love the durable fabric . I think it will last a long time .
 For a long time I 've struggled with trying to keep open plastic bags to rake my leaves into . I got the 39 gallon bags at Sams Club and they fit this perfectly.I was able to blow my leaves into a big pile and then using this with the bag as a liner , stuff it full of leaves . Then I can tie the bag , pull the container down about half way then flip it over and shake the bag out . There are air holes on the bottom so it does n't have suction to hold the bag in and it will eventually slide down and plop out . I can put a lot of leaves in one bag and it remains wide open and stable using this to hold the bag . I like the big handles on the side too so I can easily pick it up and move it from place to place . The hard shell base is essential too . It keeps it stable . Finally , to store it you can just push it down and there are tabs on either side to attach to loops to keep it collapsed and you can stand it up and store it flat .
 After I purchased two of these Fiskars lawn bags for my yard work , my husband was so impressed with their durability and light weight that he had me order two more for his lawn mower grass disposal . They 're so much better than the brown paper bags from big box stores . The hard bottom base makes them extremely wear and tear resistant . Love 'em ! Fiskars 9413 30-Gallon Hard Shell Base Kangaroo Gardening Container
 This container works great for holding my gardening clippings . It is lightweight , easy to carry , it seems durable , and it folds flat for easy storage . Basically , it does it exactly what I needed it to do . The only thing I would suggest for an improvement is some sort of little pocket/pouch at the top of it for storage of small gardening tools -LRB- i.e. clippers , etc -RRB- .
 We have used collapsible containers for years . Very helpful yard work tool . The first thing to go is the bottom . Does n't take much dragging for holes to develope in the bottom . After a while , trash . This new Fiskars promises to beat the hole problem with its hard bottom . So far , so good . General construction seem better than our past containers . I expect this one to last for years .
 This is a great container for yard work . Lightweight , but extremely durable . Perfect size as it does n't get to heavy , but hold quite a bit . Folds up for day storage
 Bought this a month ago . Used it few times . Works as expected . The quality is fairly good . One issue I am having is removing the full bag out of this container . I need to figure out a easy way out
 HAD SEVERAL TYPES OF SIMILAR GARDENING CONTAINERS BUT NONE HAD THE HARD SHELL BOTTOM . THAT IS WHY I WOULD NOT BUY ANY OTHERS EXCEPT THIS ONE . IT DOES MAKE A DIFFERENCE AS ALL THE OTHERS WERE DISCARDED ONCE THE BOTTOM BECAME TOO TORN UP .
 I 've used mine for over 5 years now , and it continues to be a dependable container for numerous lawn & garden tasks . I highly recommend this collapsible , hard shell base container .
 This is great . I had a 4-legged bag holder for my leaf bags that tore , only lasting one season , and keep tipping over as I filled it.I had not seen the Fiskars product locally . This one is well made and looks like it will be around for a long time . Its large base makes it stable . I bought the 30-gallon size so that I can use it indoors to support trash bags for DIY job cleanup as well as out in the yard , where wet leaves can be too much to handle at 50 gallons .
 Basket is extremely versatile.Load your lawn recycling and bring it to your recycling facility.Collapse it and store it in your trunk . The hard bottom is a definite plus . Do n't buy one without it .
 Very handy aide for yards with lots of trees and bushes . Use the barrel for collection of debris , leaves , clippings to deposit in Green Refuse Continer for city pickup . It is callapsible and easy to store . Light weight and easy to carry with two handles on top and one on bottom when turned over for emptying .
 I bought this one and the other size . They both will save me a lot of back-breaking work . Seem to be constructed of sturdy , high-quality materials . I have n't used the large one yet , but I filled the small one up with dirt and it did n't seem to stress it very much .
 This is a great option for homeowners who do n't compost on-site , because it 's easy to bring this container to your car and dump it out at the green waste dump . Then it crushes down to just a few inches tall for storage in your car or garage.I put a bag inside to keep it from getting too dirty when weeding or dumping wet leaves into the container . The hard shell base makes it easy to drag to your car without damage if it gets heavy with weeds ! The 30-gallon size holds a normal black 33-gallon trash bag easily .
 I used this a couple times per week last season and it 's perfect for grass clipping and yard debris . It folds down perfectly to maybe a few inches and I hang it on a hook by one of it 's handles - completely out of the way ! I 'd buy another one if this one wore out , but it does n't seem like it 's going to .
 Great for removing leaves and yard debris.Easy to store safely and cusing minimal space keeping down garageclutter . I got multiple units and sizes .
 I used this product last weekend . Its well built , light -LRB- I am a female -RRB- , pops up on its own and is easy to push back down and store . I really liked being able to just have it stand on its own while I throw my clippings into it unlike me having to bend down and open a plain garbage bag while I toss the clippings in . Its got handles too which made it easy to pick it up and dump the clippings into the big green waste bin . I would highly recommend this product , especially if you do your own yard work . Its a product you can use over and over instead of paying for more garbage bags .
 This collapsible gardening container is well made and is just the ticket for raking up leaves , cleaning up yard debris , flower remnants , etc. . Because it collapses , it takes up less space for storage , which is good . The hard shell bottom makes it a bit sturdier and easy to handle when doing the clean up chores . I would highly recommend this product to those considering a practical , usable garden container .
 Great leaf/yard debris bag . Owned this bag for a while now & it has held up very well . Holds & transports wet heavy leaves & needles laden with twigs . Hard shell case allows user to drag bag across lawn when it becomes too heavy to carry . Little bit of effort is needed to fold down bag as the sturdier sides do n't want to compact very easily . We use it often enough that we just leave it open . But others wanting to compact & store it every day may find the effort a nuisance .
 the nice thing about this item is that it can be used for so much more than just yard debris . Put a trash bag in it and use it for a barbecue or put it behind a bar for a caterer . The bottom is high quality plastic and I do n't see it wearing out any time soon like other products . Well worth the extra couple dollars.You definitely want to use a bag larger than 30 gallons . You can make the 30 gallon bag fit but if you 're not using a heavy construction or yard bag , it 'll rip when trying to stretch it.not that i care , but the picture of the item on Amazon is not exactly what you get . No lose of function , just color variation . OVERALL WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND !!!
 I was so tired of struggling with lawn bags when trying to clean up leaves and trimmings from yard work . This container is the best thing ever to make the job so much easier !! And the added plus is that it makes the work so much easier on my back ... I am in love with this product !! It is super easy to fold up when done and takes us virtually no room in the garage . Would recommend to anyone who does a lot of yard work !
 Wow ! I ca n't believe how convenient this container is for yard work . I used to struggle with lawn bags , now it 's a breeze to fill the garbage bag while pruning , weeding , or picking up debris . It 's so popular at our house that I 'm ordering a second one that can be used in the backyard while the other is being filled in the front yard .
 I love this thing !! I am now taking care of my yard alone and there is no one to hold the bag when I am raking leaves . This item is perfect . I use xtra large bags , its more than 30 gallons -LRB- 55 gal drum liners work best -RRB- so I have plenty of bag left to close with at the top . I use a couple of dollar store clamps to hold the liner , till it gets partly full , and after the bag is full and tied ... I just turn the holder over and it has a handle on the bottom to help with dumping out the full bag . I use those plastic hand-held scoops to pick up leaves and put them in the bags . I have already done 10 bags this spring , and I have n't cleaned out the flower beds yet!The only adjustment I made to this container was to enlarge the air holes in the plastic bottom with my drill , so that the full bags would slip out more easily . Love it !!!
 In making this purchase , I was most concerned that this Fiskars bag would simply collapse if I rested my blower-vac bag on it -LRB- even if just a little -RRB- while trying to empty it into the Fiskars . Of course it does -- but only partially . This turns out not to be the problem I thought it would , however . The 30 gal . size * is large enough that the entire vacuum bag will easily fit inside it . Thus I can hold the vacuum bag up -LRB- resting partially against my leg and the Fiskars -RRB- with one hand and , with the other , reach into the Fiskars to unzip and empty the vacuum bag . It works out surprisingly well . Of course , it works perfectly when filling the Fiskars by hand -- even when tossing small sticks or rocks from a distance.The hard shell bottom along with the grips makes sliding a full bag of leaves across grass , dirt , fallen branches , concrete , etc. almost effortless -- and with no concern about tearing the plastic leaf bag on the inside . I find the toggles to be most conventient when placing a plastic leaf bag into this bag
 I 've just purchased this to replace my old one . It had a soft bottom , and I 've used it so much that it has holes in it . Maybe this one will last forever ! These are the greatest invention . They 're light and easy to haul around . You can stuff things into them , as you would a big trash bag -LRB- except these do n't break -RRB- . In my experience , they 've taken lots of punishment before they began to break down . That they collapse so easily is a bonus , but I 've found that I often just leave them open in the shed -- they 're light enough that you can just set them on top of your wheelbarrow or lawnmower . We have desert landscaping with lots and lots of plants -LRB- as well as desert trees -RRB- , which means tons of pruning each spring . I do it all myself and I would be lost without these things . There 's also a smaller size -LRB- but I do n't think it comes with the hard bottom -RRB- that 's great for smaller jobs .
 My old Fiskars Kangaroo was down to mostly duct tape ! Dragging it around for 10 years finally did it in . I 'm really happy to see they have made a more durable model ... I can tell it will serve me well .
 Granted this is not being used for it 's intended purposed . However it does conserve space and can be used as a temporary trash can if needed.I would have given it 5 stars but it is a gift and that means I have not been using it . I heard it is great though .
 Great color ; I like that it does n't have any writing on it like other products of this type have . Not too heavy . Wish it collapsed to a tighter bundle when the ties are used , but that 's a nitpick ... it 's a great item that I previously did n't know existed . -- E.
 This product is exceptional quality . I like it so well , I ordered another one . Very durable yet lightweight .
 Bought for father-in-law to replace a ripped up older version of the same thing . Worked as described .
 I purchased one of these a couple years ago to use in my business . I pickup tree debris and was looking for some type of container to place my rakings in that would also be easy to lift and dump over the side of my trailer.This bag worked great . The hardshell bottom is priceless because I drag my bag along the ground all across people 's yards and the street.I would say the durability of the canvas is an 8 out of 10 stars , but keep in mind I use it with some of the toughest contents - tree limbs and rakings . If your content would be less likely to puncture or cut , this bag will last you a very very long time . So far I have never had anything more than a scuffing along the bottom of the hardshell . I would give it 10 out of 10 stars.My only complaint is the placement of the lifting handle placed at the bottom of the bag . If you happen to grab the top handle on the same side of the bag as the bottom lifting handle and drag the bag through your yard , you will find that your bottom handle will wear out very quickly and thus becomes useless . If they would just raise the handle a few inches the problem would be solved.If you are using this for homeowner use - this will be the last bag you purchase for decades . I suspect the material would begin to deteriorate before you actually wear out the bag .
 This container is sturdy and has a solid , hard shell base as advertised . It arrived promptly , and was well-packed -- although the box was much taller than necessary for the collapsed position in which it was mailed . The product looks as pictured in the ad , and will probably be functional for several years .
 We 've been through a series of products similar to this over the years . My wife is the `` gardening artist '' , and I support her as the `` strong back '' . We use `` collapsible gardening containers '' this to collect the results of pruning , dead-heading , weeding and other garden debris . When it gets full -LRB- or sooner if I 'm highly motivated -RRB- , I carry or drag this to our compost area.This model 's edge over others comes from its hardshell bottom , which stands up to the dangers of sticks and stones . The side material is thick enough that it wo n't be easily pierced by a stick from the inside . It also allows for easy sliding over grass to when moving the full container to your disposal or compost area.Especially if you have the space to discard what you put in here , this is a superior -LRB- and over time , cost-effective -RRB- alternative to `` lawn and garden '' or `` lawn and leaf '' type trash bags .
 I love this piece of gardening equipment . This is my second one to own , finally wore out the first . I especially like the hard shell bottom . I 've owned others with a soft bottom and they wear out really quickly . I drag it all around the yard and it holds up beautifully . Only downfall is the handles wear out before the bag does . Otherwise it is very useful .
 I have purchased a couple of similar containers I use for yard waste but they never hold up for more than one season . This new 30 gallon hard shell base container tops them all . I also like the fact that the circumference is wider than most so when I need to empty my lawn mower clippings in the bag -LRB- I always put a plastic bag liner in it -RRB- the clippings go into the container instead of spilling out on the ground and making more work for me . Good engineering on this product !
 these are extremely useful by the pool , easy on the eye & light enough in the garder for weeding etc. . Conveniently close up when not is use . Highly recommend
 This hard shell container is &#34; the stuff . &#34; Saves a lot of work and is convenient to use . This is the third one of its kind we have owned over the years and we are sold on them .
 I took off the bottom and use it for puppies to run through as a tunnel . Very strong and flexible
 I purchased this item two weeks ago and mainly use it with a bag to pick up leaves and weeds . It works great and it fills my needs exactly . The one thing you have to make sure and do is place the yard waste exactly in the middle or it will fall over due to the loose sides but this is ok since it collapses and is easy to store away . Great item .
 perfect sized grill spatula . handle is short enough to grant maximum control . This was a gift for my husband & has become his absolute favorite !
 The shipping was as stated , The item was well wrapped and in great shape . I would definately order from them again .
 I got to the end of my patience working with hoses that kept kinking on me . Finally I found one that does n't and now I 'm a happy man !
 Very pleased with this purchase for several reasons : * Very well priced for a 50ft non-kinking hose . You probably wo n't find anything else in the 20 $ range . * Absolutely kink-free . I am just using this on a high pressure washer - but I needed an uninterrupted water source for it that I can rely on . * Drinking safe . The package advertises it as drinking safe , it 's approved by the FDA . . You can be overly cautious about everything you eat , drink , breathe , or look at . . Or you can admit that this is a generally acceptable product to safely use when living outside of a plastic bubble or California :--RRB- . Also , despite what wiki says , lead is not always added to brass , nor will the lead magically chip off -LRB- like paint -RRB- and contaminate your drinking water you consume . Also , no where on the packaging does it say it contains lead or the `` California caner '' message - which they * should * have to put on there if it actually contained lead . . Of course it 's purely a personal choice how protective you want to be , but I wanted to make this a point since other reviewers focused heavily on the opposition side of this . * The hose connector is strong , had several cheaper hoses that used thinner metals that bend or leak easy . However this does not . * Has a see-through strip to see water flow . Maybe a useless feature , but still kind-of cool.All-in-all a good purchase , and quick shipping from Amazon like always .
 I 've had this hose in my back yard for several years and it 's holding up very well . Love that it 's drinking water safe .
 Great Drinking Water Safe Hose . Since some people use a short hose for filing RV and boat tanks more gallons per minute with the thicker hose means quicker fill ups .
 The hose is as described . It does not kink . We bought it because it was the only white hose on the market and we wanted that color . Like the fact that it does not kink .
 We purchased this hose so we could reach the water hookups instead of double up our other two hoses . Works great so far .
 I have worn out a pair of these pruners and have used them for cutting bigger limbs than ever possible with non ratchet pruners . That 's why I 've just ordered three more , one for me and two for my daughters . The ratchet just multiplies your strength .
 I like the feel of this device and it works smoothly . the rachet device takes a lot of the work and struggle out of cutting good sized branches . Highly recommend it .
 These are the absolute best clippers for me when I work in the garden . I 'm glad my husband found them online as he bought 2 for me for Christmas presents .
 Fiskers makes a great product . This one is no exception . I used this for many hours and had no problems with my hand or arm . It made the job so much easier with the ratchet action .
 Though I normally would prefer a bypass style , this little hand pruner has convinced me about the anvil style . It has a built in ratchett that enables pruning of larger and tougher stems and branches as well.One caveat is that the ratcheting assembly is n't the strongest in the world , so caution should be taken not to over work this pruner .
 I love the Fiskar Anvil snippers - great price from the website . Work easily for someone with arthritic fingers/hands . I recommend them to others as a first choice for yard work .
 Buy two . One for each hand . These will make pruning a passion and neighbors ' yards frontier ! You 'll need night vision goggles .
 I 've been using this pruner for a couple of years now , and have just bought another . My old one is on loan , and not likely to come back to me . I 'm baffled by the reviewers who claim that this product is flimsy , and breaks easily . Since these pruners are relatively inexpensive , I 've been knowingly overusing and abusing mine , taking cuts which I know I should have done on my next larger sized -LRB- 15 '' -RRB- pruner . So far , no problems , but if I ever do break this product I will consider it to be my fault . I 've already tested them beyond what should be considered normal or reasonable . I also have the Barnel 8 '' rachet pruner , which has metal handles . I suppose it is stronger , but it 's heavier and less comfortable than the Fiskars ' pruner . At a price of less than $ 10 , I 've certainly gotten my money 's worth and am happy with the Fiskars .
 I have to maintain 3 acres and needed a pruner that could handle the job . Fiskars 7685 is hard to find at the big box stores . This pruner can handle heavy jobs with ease and is comfortable to use . I have cut branches up to 1 '' with ease . 2 '' can be handled but it is harder on the pruner . I believe this pruner is the best available in it 's price range and better than most at twice the price .
 Wow ... after at least five years of hard work my fiskar ratchet pruners bit the dust . . I cut branches small and up to over an inch with them.I was so happy to see that they are still available . I hope my next set does me just as well , my poor hands could n't cut without them .
 I 've been using the same pruners for the last 12 + years . Got them at a home show and cut everything with them . Yes , I have trouble if I do n't cut straight across a branch but other then that , no problems . Large , small , tree branches and flowers . For years I had a 10 ' by 70 ' garden and a veggy garden in Atlanta and now the wife and I have 10 gardens around our property . I 'm only looking at this product so I can get one for my wife . Mine 's still going . I do need to sharpen the blade but it 's been a long time and a lot of use . Also like it cause it 's easy to lock and place in my back pocket .
 I am very pleased with the purchase of my Fiskar Ratchet Pruner # 7685 . I have arthritis in my fingers and have been unable to return to my gardening . Now thanks to my ratchet pruner , I am back in business . Myhusband was very skeptical of this purchase ; however , since I can nowhelp him in the yard , he thinks I made a wise decision . The cost wasunbelievable and I would certianly recommend this product to anyone.SincerelyClaudia Standridgecsmylady@aol.comPS Delivery service was great
 This ratchet pruner really does the job . I am able to cut off fairly thick stems of wild-growing stuff in the yard with this handy tool . The ratchet works gives much better leverage than regular pruners . A steal at the price . And they are handy to carry around . My only complaint is the closing/locking mechanism could be a little better .
 My hands hurt from the normal cutters we all use.You know `` that '' pain you get from them?Horrible!At last Fiskars to the rescue with these babys.You can cut with no pain and they slice like a champ!Plus if you dont need the ratchet action , like cutting a little twig , just cut it closest to the tip.Simple and worth every penny !
 Bought this to clean inner chamber and grill of my Infrared Charbroil ` BigEasy SRG . ` Char Broil Big Easy Infrared Smoker , Roaster , and Grill . Noted the replacement heads are identical to the BrushHawg -LRB- long-handled version -RRB- and bought extras . Not only does this do a great job on the grill , but we have put one of the replacement heads aside to lightly scrub potatoes before baking . Does a great job with barely any effort ... then toss into the dishwasher to clean !
 I did n't want the handle on my brush so I decided to pick this up . I also picked up the additional brush attachments . this thing was exactly what I was looking for . the only down side is the attachments are a little hard to remove . other than that it 's perfect for what I needed it for .
 This brush is just right for my grill . I have a Fire Magic w / stainless steel grates . It is a pain to keep them clean but this helps . It is better than the long handle that I have been using for 3 - 4 years now . You do n't need a long handle , because the Hedge Hawg S/S brush and Nylon pad are meant to be used when the grill is cool , prior to starting the heat . The Hedge Hawg Compact gives you more scrubbing power because you get more leverage . Fret not , it also has the same scraper that the long handle has , and I can keep it in my grill drawer , which is handier than reaching under the grill to grab it . It is also more eco-friendly than regular grill brushes.I love it !
 This is a great product for cleaning out my Big Easy smoker . -1 point because there is one area where the sides of the smoker meet the bottom that this tool will still not reach . Durable & comfortable .
 We bought this when we bought our new grill . My husband absolutely loves it . He says it is so nice because it fits in the palm of your hand and makes it easier than grill brushes with the long handle .
 My new Fiskars loop-handle pruners arrived today . I was attracted to these by the loop handle because I thought I could tie a cord to the loop , saving me a trip down the ladder to pick them up when I drop them . I was pleasantly surprised by the compactness of these pruners . They are very comfortable in my hand . They also do a very good job of snipping off branches up to about 3/8 '' in diameter . I managed to get through a larger -LRB- a little over 1/2 '' in diameter -RRB- branch , but it was hard work and seemed to stress the tool . I was pruning a plum tree , and the wood is pretty tough . Maybe on softer stuff they will easily get through the 3/4 '' branches as Fiskars says they will . Anyway , I am glad I bought them for the work I do .
 These are so easy on the hands - no aching thumbs or wrists . They are the best gardening clippers I have ever used .
 I purchased this as a replacement for a broken pair of pruners , and I am glad I made this choice . The grip is excellent -LRB- like holding a pair of adult scissors -RRB- , and the cutting power is outstanding.Buy this with confidence !
 I am new to gardening and a first time homeowner . I had no idea how to take care of roses . These make it easy . They were comfortable in either hand and the cut was perfect .
 The Fiskars Loop Handle Bypass Pruners work wonderfully for smaller pruning jobs . I love them !!
 I went to Home Depot and Lowes and could n't find a good pair of shears ! After reading the reviews I was convinced I found my new Rose pruners ! I was not disappointed ! They are strong and they cut cleanly without tearing ! I had was in Florida visiting my brother and he and I looked everywhere ! Nothing that was sturdy enough to handles his heavy rose stems . I went online and ordered these . I was amazed at how strong they were and also comfortable in the hand and easy to apply pressure to cut ! I went back online and ordered a second pair for myself ! You wo n't go wrong id you have roses and want to make a clean cut to keep your roses healthy !
 These pruners are perfect for my small hands . They are smooth to operate and clean up nicely . Worth every penny .
 I 'm a professional and master gardener and these are the pruners that have a permanent place in my back pocket . They 're especially light in weight , always sharp and take all the abuse I can dish out .
 Excellent quality . Cuts like nothing and the locking feature is extremely handy , not to mention the loop !
 I like the shape of the pruner , easy to use . Good tool for folks with arthritis too .
 Fiskars makes the best tools due to there well thought out design , light weight , durability , easier to find due to brighter color on their products and cost is in line with other compareable tools . Upon opening the pruner I was surprised to discover the handle opening was a bit wide for a females hand and initially thought Oh No , I 'll never use these due to being uncomfortable for my -LRB- med-lg -RRB- hand and thought why did n't they make the female version of this pruner with the handle distance not so wide and it would be a great tool . As I started to investigate I remembered the manufactures review had stated something about 2 ways to adjust - well this is another reason I am going to invest in Fiskars , the 2nd way to adjust was for the handle opening distance which with a push of the finger on a 2nd switch made it the perfect size for anyones hand and it cuts great too . Fiskars is the tool of choice .
 Carrie it in every time i go in my grow room.Always a need to manicure and get all dead and unwanted branchs and leaves ... Has tons of pockets to store whatever i need and my trash bucket.Makes things a lot easier and cleaner love it
 Fits well . Very convenient . Now I never lose my gardening tools . I always know where to find them . Have to careful , though or the bucket gets too heavy .
 Found this on Amazon , l had been wanting something like this for gardening . Love the concept and this will be very easy to tote around the yard . Good quality .
 got this for my mom since she is an advide gardener she loves it now she can carry all her tools with her as she putters around the yard
 This bucket caddy was the coolest thing ! It will go a long way towards helping my Mom , who is new to gardening , by saving her trips back and forth to the tool shed . Purchased Fiskars 7067 3-Piece Garden Tool Set to place in the pockets . Also added Fiskars 9124 Professional Bypass Pruning Shears . she is all ready to go !
 I love it . It is a great item for all my garden tools . It makes the 5 gallon bucket so much more valuable and handy
 This caddy keeps all our tools in one place and is easy to install . We love the Garden Bucket Caddy .
 Oh my - this is the best product . It holds every garden tool neatly and even holds a water bottle and my iPhone . Love it .
 I love the velcro strip which snugs any size bucket rim very well . Construction is great/heavy duty and has numerous pockets for tools , etc. - Great depth covering entire 5 gallon pail . Thank you .
 This is a great gift to combine with garden tools . We purchased a set of tools and a bucket for our friend .
 I saw the bucket in the picture and thought it was a part of the `` caddy '' . It does n't . Nice product though . I bought it for my dad .
 My wife is alway working out in the garden carrying around an old flower pot with miscellaneous tools . As a result she was always dropping tools when ever she moved around the yard . When I seen this tool caddy I new she would be thrilled to have something like this . I was n't wrong - she loved it
 I bought the caddy as a birthday gift for my stepmother . I had no trouble finding a bucket at a paint store to fit it . It appears to have all the qualities advertised . It has enough pockets to satisfy the most industrious gardner . My stepmother appears to be thrilled with it . She has already started using it in the garden . She commented that now she can keep track of her cordless phone when she is gardening . If I had the caddy , I suspect I would n't lose so many garden tools .
 Very nice item . No problem fitting to an empty five gallon bucket in my garage . Keeps me organized although I did come across this item for $ 4.99 in Tuesaday Morning .
 This is a very convenient way to keep all your gardening tools handy . It 's similar to the bucket tool caddies that contractors used with one key different -- there 's no flap that goes inside the bucket , so it 's possible to use the bucket to carry dirt , weeds , plants , etc. without getting dirt all over the caddy.Construction is decent . I had no problems fitting it to a five gallon bucket , but it 's essential that you find one that does not have a lot of ribs around the lip . The caddy straps on with velcro , and the ribs would make it hard to get a good fit . Thus , buckets you buy at places like Home Depot will not work well - you need an old 5 gallon paint bucket for best results.There are plenty of pockets . The pockets on one side are closed at the bottom ; the pockets on the other are open on the bottom . Chances are you 'll be able to fit all the tools you want to carry . The only problems I encountered were with long handled weeders . I 'll end up carrying them inside the bucket as before.The seed pocket -LRB- sort of like a wallet with cutouts to stash seed packets -RRB- is a nice touch but , alas , one that I ca n't use since I purchase most seeds in bulk bags not envelopes . Wish there was an option to remove that and replace it with a pocket suited for tools , but hey - at this price , I ca n't complain at all.My only concern is construction . While it is decent for the price paid , I expect it will be a bit ragged after significant use . Reenforced seams with rivets would be great - I 'd be willing to pay a bit more for that . A better gripping mechanism would also be a nice touch - perhaps some type of spring clamp that grips the bucket so the burden of holding this on is not born by just a single piece of velcro . Lastly , a built-in sheath for a garden knife would be an excellent addition .
 ... I thought this was a canvas bucket with a handle and did n't realize it was a canvas wrap around for a 5 gallon ` homer ' bucket , which is not included.Tip for putting it on , unlatch the velcro strap and remove it entirely so you can slip the wrap under the bucket handle , not over it . That might be why some people are having the velcro or seams tear , if you wrap it right around the handle and then raise the handle , that would put more stress on the strap.Once I wound this under the handles as pictured in the amazon image on the product page , rerun the strap and secured the velcro it was snug enough to put a bunch of tools in the pockets . Which are big enough for tools you 'd use to manicure plants , as opposed to hand shovels and the like . Look at the photo and you 'll see some regular standard scissors in one of the pockets , that should give you some scale.So nice that I have a big bucket to put stuff in , not so nice that its really made for rather small tools , not so nice that I had to go buy a bucket but that 's my fault . I own a ton of fiskars stuff and although I know their big business is scissors , I thought I was buying a yard tool caddy and not a scissors holder.I re-purposed it as a sprinkler/irrigation repair bucket , that 's working for me .
 I bought this recently , and after reading other reviews decided to add my own observation . I am pleasantly surprised at how well made it is . Yes , mine is also dark green and not a light color as the photo , but I have difficulty imagining how anyone could lose it in the garden while working with it simply due to its color . When attached to a 5 gallon bucket , the combination is certainly not small , and the bucket itself is either white or has color , so again , how could one not see it with a little looking ? . Mine fits very well around the 5 gallon bucket I bought from Home Depot . The velcro strap is plenty long to wrap around and secure the caddy tightly . Only one pocket is open at the bottom , not several , and that one has a strap across the middle of the bottom . To me this caddy is excellent , as advertised , very well made and very handy .
 I got this first as a Christmas gift for my mom , as she complained that she could never seem to find an effective system of storage/transport for her gardening supplies . She raved so much about it that I came back and ordered one for myself.With just a small container garden on my balcony , I use the pockets for pruning snips , scissors , a transplanter , shovel , and even my cell phone . My large spritzer bottle fits nicely , too . At the beginning of the season , the space in the bucket is useful for carrying potting soil . I just love that I can fill it up and get to work without having to lug the bag of potting soil and tools around separately -LRB- and dropping it all along the way -RRB- . After planting is over I use the bucket for everything from extra pots and loppers -LRB- for the tall trees that invade my balcony space -RRB- to potato chips and other snacks to enjoy while I 'm making my watering/trimming rounds.The only flaw -- and it is a negligible one -- is that it is a bit short and it takes some tugging to get it snugly around the bucket . Once on , though , it stays , so this was n't too much of a hassle.Overall , it is lightweight , durable , and well-thought out . I would recommend this to any gardener looking for a practical means of storing & transporting supplies .
 Very durable , holds everything nicely , use most of the pockets , bought a 5 gallen bucket at home depot and it fits perfectly around it .
 This is an awesome organizing product . Previously I had all of my garden tools , etc. just thrown in a box and I could never find anything . Now everything has it 's own place and I can find what I am looking for . Great value for the money .
 For gardening , it 's the little things that make the difference . This bucket caddy is no exception . Keep your tools organized for only a few bucks .
 I was surprised to see what a really unique item this was . It has so many pockets for everything even for her seed packets and a journal holder too .
 It was a nice gift . Very handy for the gardener who has everything . Ca n't ave more than one of these .
 fiskars garden bucket # 9 . the best friend a gardener could have . no more loose tools , all within reach . just perfect .
 Fiskars Garden Bucket Caddy is a very handy and inexpensive garden tool helper for those who like to use a bucket for weeding/planting ! I definitely recommend this item .
 Love this caddy , very handy and quite durable . I 'm thinking of giving them as gifts to my gardening friends this Spring !
 I love it and use this constantly . The only problem I have is when emptying weeds from the bucket . If I turn it over , all my tools fall out .
 Got this as a weird surprise for my x-wife and mother of my children . She loves gardening so this should make her smile . Excellent quality , arrived quicker than expected , well packaged . Could not be happier . Hope she will get a lot of good use from it .
 Love this garden bucket caddy ; I use just as pictured for gardening tools , and place potting soil inside for container planting or use for weeding with my garden rocker ; love it .
 Love this bucket caddy . Keep asking myself why I did n't buy one ages ago . It keeps all my tools and bottle of water organized , yet leaves the big 5-gal . interior free for me to fill up with bulky supplies or fruit and vegetable harvests . The material seems very sturdy & is holding up well to my general abuse . I like it so well that I just bought another one to take for a round-robbin Christmas gift exchange .
 It works just as you would expect from the photo . Seems very sturdy and well-designed . I expect this to last a long time .
 This is a sturdy little canvas tool caddy that slips over a bucket . I like it because there is room inside the bucket for larger items such as a spray bottle while the hand tools can easily be seen around the exterior of the bucket . The caddy keeps them separated neatly and untangled in individual pockets .
 This was exactly what I was looking for ! The caddy holds securely to my 5 gallon bucket without slipping or shifting even when I load it up with my gardening tools . The pockets are a nice size for the tools I carry with me when weeding and pruning shrubs . I bought this based on the reviews I read on Amazon . I 'm glad I did . I would recommend this myself to anyone looking for a garden caddy ! Great product !
 I did n't read the description , though I looked at all the pictures . LOL I EXPECTED the bucket , as well as the apron . Imagine my surprise when it arrived ! Now , I have to find a bucket , which it what I wanted in the first place ! So , consider this a warning , if you , like me , tend to purchase on line products according to the image posted .
 Have only used this a couple of times but like having the tools handy while working in yard and not have to carry something separate . It is easy to take on and off the bucket .
 I can carry the plants to be set in the garden and all the tools plus a little soilall the way to the garden in one trip . Adjustable . I am thinking of getting another onefor my other house .
 This is perfect if you 're forever leaving gardening tools scattered all over the grass , or if you like to keep your tools together in one small , tidy space.More thoughts
 I got the idea from a magazine to use this for gift wrapping accessories and it 's perfect . I keep scissors , electric scissors , tape , pens , hole punch for cards , cards , ribbon , and embellishments all in the pockets . Paper and gift bags fit in the bucket . Just pick up the whole bucket and take it to your wrapping area . Talk about convenient !
 For someone who does a lot of gardening , this little caddy comes in handy . If I have a little garden project that needs attending , say working on my herb garden , using the bucket caddy makes it that much easier . I pop all my herbs in the bucket and have my hand tools conveniently carried along with me . It 's definitely a time saver .
 good purchase and handy - tool belt could be a little tighter at times - seems to come loose a bit but i like the concept and it works
 Love the punches and easy to carry once put on a bucket . Problem is that when you purchase it , it does n't say you must buy your own bucket !
 I use this all the time whenever I am doing any work in the garden , from picking fruit to trimming and tidying . Carrying everything you need wrapped round your bucket gets the job done quicker . Great idea and good value for money .
 This is a must-have item for anyone who likes to garden or pull weeds from the yard . I purchased a 5-gal bucket for around $ 2 at Home Depot , and the skirt fits perfectly . Make sure you get a 5-gal bucket with sides that come straight up , because I do n't think it would fit on a bucket that was tapered out . My garden tools fit perfectly in the many cubby holes . I also place a 13-gal garbage bag inside the pail to keep weeds and other debris . When done , I simply remove the bag and replace it with a new one . The pail is easy to move around the yard , especially when riding on the Step 2 5A0000 Garden Hopper Mobile Garden Stool . I purchased these together and enjoy weeding my yard and gardening . I ca n't believe I used to stoop over or kneel , and my back would always pain me for several days later . I wish I had thought about getting these items years ago . Gardening and weeding are like a meditation for me , my friends think I 'm weird when I tell them this is what I did on my day off .
 I had a similar garden bucket caddy that was given to me in 1996 by a friend who knew I loved gardening . In 2011 we had a flood and the garden caddy was washed away . I was very surprised to find the same caddy on Amazon.com and was very pleased with my order . I use this caddy just about every day in the summer and it is very convenient . Good product .
 I selected this organizer to provide pockets on the inside of a canvas tote bag . Simply a matter of seperating the halves and sewing them into place . The light fabric was ideal for this purpose . It 's a great way to organize things for weekend activities -LRB- water bottles , sunglasses , over-the-counter medicines , snacks , sunblock , etc. -RRB- .
 Seeds ? Why in the sam hill would you ever want to put seeds around a joint compound bucket ??? This is the most glorious invention since the power screwdriver ! Dipper Doo recently re-sheetrocked The Dipper Den after one too many wild beer bashes in there and put this wonderful cloth product to it 's true intended use . With a few slight modifications to the `` tool '' pockets , five chilly Saranac Caramel Porters were sitting snug around my All Purpose Joint Compound five gallon bucket . Three hours and nine beers later , The Dipper Den was looking , well , I was having a hard time seeing at that point , but it looked great the next afternoon . The missing three beers from my 12-pack were found on the floor spilled . I have no memory of this possible atrocity , but still hold out hope that it was actually me who was christening the new den . What I do recall was me happy as a very large clam making everything smooth while slaking my even bigger thirst with cool , yummy beer . Fiskars has done it again making this home improver very , very happy . Bravo and prost !!!
 It 's great , but I put it on a Home Depot bucket and the handles do n't detach so it was hard to get it on so it does n't slip down the side of the bucket . I wish the designers of the velcro attachment would take that into account .
 Great item !! I had read the other reviews saying that if you try and dump stuff out of the bucket you lose your tools ... I put a drug mart/giant eagle bag inside the 5 gallon bucket and that works well enough . Just remove the bag and through it all out . The caddy is sturdy and can handle much abuse from me and the weather .
 I have only had my bucket caddy for a couple of weeks , but I have used it almost daily since I got it . It is very handy to haul around my yard while I am pulling weeds and planting . I can keep all my garden tools at hand and there is even space for a water bottle . I will be buying several more of these as gifts .
 This has proven to be a wonderful addition to our arsenal of gardening tools ! We 're always toting around 5-gallon plastic pails for weeds , soil , mulch , etc and now we can easily carry our tools along as well . The product is very well designed specifically for gardening needs and well-constructed from sturdy materials . Buy one ! Buy one now !
 This bucket has given me the freedom I need to carry my tools and instruments , with the versatility of a bucket ! I love my bucket so much , I bought one for my husband -LRB- and he loves it -RRB- . I ordered 10 of them to hand out at Christmas ! If I was to be trapped on an island with one bucket , this would definately be it !
 Great price and so handy . All my tools go with me now and I always know where everything is and have the bucket for bulbs or trash , as needed .
 To go with the Fiskars Caddy , I purchased a 5 gallon bucket at Home Depot and also bought the lid from Amazon to go with the bucket
 I love this bucket caddy because it prevents me from losing my garden tools while gardening , the bucket is a perfect trash collector for garden trimmings , and there are amply sections for seval tools . The quality is great and the price was reasonable . I highly recommend this product .
 My wife has a green fist ! Yes , I know the cliche is
 Pros : This is a terrific product . I use it mainly for weeding and pruning ; keeping my cellphone , a bottle of water , my weeder and pruner in the caddy while throwing the weeds into the center of the bucket for later disposal . I do n't do a lot of gardening , all my plants are planted and set and I spend maybe a couple hours a week doing general maintenance . This is perfect for that . For heavy tools , you 'll want to get a caddy designed for that purpose , such as the Bucket Boss . This Garden Caddy is very very clever and handy , and designed specifically for gardening purposes . I love it.Some minor , minor concerns :1 . The strap is velcro . The product description mentions a `` lock-and-loop fastener '' but perhaps that was an earlier version ? Unless `` lock-and-loop '' is code for velcro . This is a concern for me because velcro does n't work too well when muddy , or old , and if I have heavy items I 'm worried it might not hold . However , I 've given the caddy a few good tugs and even left it hanging overnight with some very heavy items attached and it seems to hold very well . So until I see otherwise , the velcro is probably fine , especially since I wo n't be buckling and unbuckling it often .2 . None of the compartments are elastic . There are enough compartments of different sizes that this is n't a problem for me , but I would 've liked to see one or two that stretch so my kneepads are n't such a tight-fit . Still , it 's not like I actually need an elastic compartment , so maybe I 'm being picky.Some notes : This only fits a 5-gallon bucket . The bucket is not included . A bucket will cost you $ 3 - $ 6 at your local hardware store , though if you have one lying around from a paint job , or even your CostCo laundry detergent , it 'll fit.Overall , this is an extremely useful tool , perfect for light-gardening . The price is low -LRB- on occasion you 'll see it as low as 5 bucks at local stores , but I would n't hassle over the 2.50 here as you 'll want to get this asap , it 's that handy -RRB- . 5 Stars for a well-thought-out product !
 I like Bucket Boss - Fiskars products . This item is well thought out and well made . There are pockets sized for all your hand tools including bulb planter , a convienent `` wallet '' for seed pockets , a secure cell phone pouch , and even room for a squeeze drink bottle . I would also recommend getting one of Bucket Boss ' Bucket Grip .
 I bought this so I could stop running back and forth to the garage to get the next tool I needed . I bought a 5 gal paint bucket at home deport -LRB- orange or white -RRB- that works great ! I use the inside of the bucket for knee pads and lopers and the seed packet holder on the outside for the tags that come with my plants . I was thrilled that the water bottle holder holds a 1 liter bottle , not those tiny .5 liter ones . It has plenty of pockets for your assorted garden tools and it 's made out of heavy material so I look forward to many years of use .
 When I received this item I thought it would make a great apron with much deeper and more useful pockets than my plain garden apron . It is constructed of two pieces with splits on either side and it closes with a velcro strap so it should adjust to fit most people.And the price is excellent for such a well-made item .
 I am very pleased with the bucket caddy . It could n't be easier , just strap it on to a 5 gallon bucket and you 're on your way . No more running back and forth to the garage for tools because I have everything I need right at hand , and more importantly , no more lost tools . I have lost more weeders and hand pruners than I care to admit to , but now they go right back in thier pocket . I use mine for light pruning , weeding , and planting , tossing the weeds and cuttings in the bucket . It also saves me a lot of time when planting flats of flowers . I just pop the flowers out of their cells and stack them up inside the bucket and plant away . I plan on buying another one so my husband and I can both be working in different areas at the same time .
 Great for gardening . Carries all of my gardening hand tools , plus by bug spray and cell phone .
 This is quite a useful garden tool holder to go around a bucket . Only complaint is that when it is full it is hard to keep in the right groove of the bucket .
 I bought it for my wife who is an avid gardener , she uses it all the time . Pockets hold what you put there and no more trips to the shed a bunch of times to find something because it is right where you put it . You have all you 'll need with this product .
 Well made sturdy product . Organizes your garden tools . Seed Pockets and even a pocket for your cell .
 Seems to work grreat , nice to have everything in one bucket as I have acreage and to go bak and forth is a pain . nicely made too . Just used an old bucket and done , ready to use .
 My wife loves it in the garden ! It will come in very useful during the coming gardening season .
 Great Product at a Great Price - This is so cool , it holds everything !! You can use this for garden tools or regular hardware tools . It velcros in place on a standard bucket -LRB- got mine at Home Depot -RRB- . This was a gift for my landscaping husband for Christmas - I filled it with new tools , water bottle and gift cards .
 This is a simple and functional product . It does just what it is supposed to do , and does it well . I can easily carry my biggest lopping shears , hand saw , right down to my smallest trimming and weeding implements , and the 5 gallon bucket easily supports it . Things are readily reached with the small things in slots around the outer rim .
 This is a great invention and it fits perfect around a 5 gallon bucket I bought at Home Depot for $ 4.00 . You want to put it over the handle on both ends it is beautiful . I am very pleased with this product ! Buy one !
 Another good Fiskar product . I gifted this caddy to myself and now have all my garden tools in one place . I live in my RV but have a nice `` container '' garden , and this is one more container to help keep things organized .
 My wife wanted this for her yard work . She says it works great . The pockets are larger for garden tools . Most caddies depend on support from fabric hanging over inside the bucket . This one has nothing inside the bucket so it is free for clippings , or even soil .
 I love this caddy , it is very handy and adjusts to fit on the bucket perfectly . It keeps my tools handy so I am not losing them while I am working . It is also washable .
 I was looking for a bucket holder like this one and no one had it . When I ordered it from Fiskars they sent an email to me saying that it would arrive ten days later it arrived after five days so that is a plus . The item is very low in price too . IF YOUR LOOKING FOR ANY GARDEN SUPPLYS THEN GO TO FRISKARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I just purchased this because I need something to carry my tools and can be tucked away in a bucket . This was the perfect solution . I have two buckets and I use one for gardening purposes , another for sewing purposes . The caddy hold every thing I need from gardening tools to fabric sheers . and when I am done I hide the buckets and the caddies under pleated stool covers ! Out of sight . Wonderful !
 Perfect for puttering around the yard and carring your tools and what around . Love it ! This is a perfect gift as well for the gardeners in your life .
 I bought this for a gift , but it is too great to part with . It is durable but light and keeps all your tools where you can get to them easily .
 Now I can carry all my gardening tools with me rather than running back and forth to the basement to get yet another tool . Fits snugly around a 5-gallon bucket . I 've only had it for a couple of months so ca n't speak to durability , but it 's seems well made .
 This is a great way to keep working in the yard rather than running into the garage for a new tool every few minutes . I have n't had it for very long , but I trust Fiskars to make a durable product that will last for years and years . I am ordering another one to use as a tool box as well .
 This caddy is very well made & a sturdy item for holding many garden tools . I would recommend it for any gardening person . . The vendor was very responsive with delivery .
 I carried a bucket most of time when I am at the backyard . Most of the time , the tools are in the bucket -LRB- on the earth that I am carring -RRB- . Now I can put the tools on the side .
 Has space for smaller tools and seed packets or plant tags . Larger tools go in the bucket . There is even a pouch for your water bottle !
 I use this all the time . Holds everything I need to garden . This is made of very sturdy material and I would recommend it to friends and family . My only compaint is that the bucket gets a bit heavy because I have a lot of gardening tools !
 We have something very similar for our tools so I thought this was a great idea . This made a great mother 's day present . The quality is good for the price . I do wish it attached to the bucket better . The velcrow strap seems to slip a bunch and you need to constantly tighten it .
 The gardener in the family is very pleased with this item . She said that it is great , letting the tool user remember where the heck I put that tool , again ?
 The caddy was just as described and arrived promptly . i have personally had this caddy for about 8 years and love it . I just bought 2 for my daughters who are starting to enjoy gardening .
 I bought this organizer for a gift . Then I put it on my own list for Christmas . It is easy to install on a 5 gallon bucket and it is made from quality materials .
 This is the greatest thing I have ever found for my yard supplies . I can not imagine working in my flower bed without this product . It fits large buckets without any issues . I keep compost , soil or mulch in the bucket and then have all of my necessary gardening supplies in the caddy . Excellent !
 I 've used this for around a year now , absolutely love it . I keep getting more gardening tools and have n't ran out of pockets yet . The pockets are all different sizes , some very narrow for something like a pair of scissors or a marker , there is a big one that fits my PH tester perfectly . I also have theCustom LeatherCraft 1140 EasySeat Lightweight Plastic Bucket Seat for 31/2 - 5 Gallon Bucketswhich turns the bucket into a chair and seals the interior if you want a dry spider-free place for gardening gloves .
 I do n't garden enough to warrant needing this for that purpose , but I had been looking for a caddy I could use with my car wash bucket . This fits the bill and works perfectly . The color leaves a little to be desired , but function trumps looks on this item . Works great and I plan on buying some of my buddies who detail as well these for gifts .
 I should have purchased two of these . If you are one of those people that has to make 5 or 6 trips back to the garage to get all of the tools and things you need for a day of working in the yard ... this is the item for you . It gets you so organized that you can just work uninterupted for hours . Buy the collapsable rake with this and your set .
 Not one for gadgets , but I recently bought this for my wife and she loves it . What she particularly likes about it is that she can easily haul her stuff about the yard and keep everything together . A surprisingly useful purchase .
 This is a handy garden utility that is clearly meant for garden tools . This is n't for the garage or construction . The only problem I 've encountered with this caddy so far is that it fit poorly around a generic five gallon bucket . Specifically , the velcro latch was not long enough to wrap back on itself and fasten the caddy to the bucket , without it feeling just a little questionable.In the end , it still fit -- just not as smoothly as I 'd have preferred . That probably would not prevent me from buying another one , however . Just keep in mind this is not a heavy duty caddy meant for anything more than light gardening utilities .
 BEAUTIFUL !! I ordered this and the Metallic Blue Christmas Rose and they arrived in perfect condition . While waiting for me to pot them , they 've almost doubled in size ! I will shop here again .
 These are perfect for the woman in your life who likes to use the good sissors outside !
 It is a fun little thingcuts great.Especially for arange flowers it is wonderfull
 Pruning is a snap with these pruners by Fiskar . I lost a lot of my gripping power in my pruning hand due to an injury and I have no trouble using these pruners . For larger limbs reaching the cutting capacity of this pruner , I simply begin the cut and rock the cutters as I squeeze , I also like the way they fit my small hand which is not to say that large hands would not be comfortable too . I love these pruners so much that when I lost my first pair , I did not hesitate to replace them with another .
 Power-Lever technology !! Wow ! This pruner has amazing cutting power . I 've gone through 1/2 '' branches like a hot knife through butter .3 / 4 '' requires a good squeeze but much less squeezing effort over other pruners I 've used . Well made like most products from Fiskars.Should last many many years . My set is made in Finland . My only gripe is an occasional pinch of the handles on my gripping hand.This may be my technique but it has happened a few times despite my efforts not to have this occur . . These pruners are smaller than your average set.This may explain the pinching that has occured as when using larger pruners , this does n't happen . .
 I love this pruner !! I have used this pair for several yrs and would replace them immediately if something happened to them . They are exremely light weight and have awesome cutting power because of the way they are made . They are wonderful for someone who has decreased strength in their hands from arthritis or other problem . My other favorite is the Fiskar pruning snips -LRB- may be called floral snips -RRB- . lilymadonna - Bremerton , WA
 This is great little pruner , for anyone have problem with their hand . I over extended my fingers so I often have pain . It works very well for me with less tension .
 Who knew a hand pruner could be so elegant and simple ? Like most of Fiskars ' products , these pruners include innovative design to increase functionality at a fair price . I also recommend any of their `` power gear '' products .
 I like these pruners a lot and so do my hands :-RRB- I deal with some weakness because of MS and look for products that really help my strength multiply because of the physics of the Fiskars `` Power-Lever '' . I have other Fiskars products that use the same technology and it really makes a difference.These are comfortable and smooth . I do not have a small hand by any means and have no problem with pinching , etc. . I love these and would recommend them highly .
 These are easy to use without much effort in the squeezing . It makes it much easier on the hands . -LRB- Very very sharp , also . -RRB-
 Cuts very well.I have to watch my hand placement as it may pinch a bit . Otherwise , very satisfied with it .
 I use this pruner on green growth and branches up to a half inch or so . For larger branches , I use a Fiskars 9625 18-inch PowerGear bypass lopper . After 5 years of use , this pruner continues to perform as expected ... with an occasional blade sharpening .
 I have small hands and I have 12 pruners and this is by far my favorite . Sadly they have discontinued it .
 I bought this for a friend 's birthday . She loved it . This is perfect for smaller gardening jobs , potted plants , etc. .
 Ca n't go wrong with cheerful pink gardening set . I love how this little satchel holds all the small tools needed for my houseplant and herb garden maintenance and miniature landscape and fairy gardens . Clearly not intended for your large backyard gardens , but perfect for the small ones !
 Please if you are serious , want to retrieve more finds -LRB- gold -RRB- and enjoy your water detection even more , this is a must read . The author has the finds i.e. gold to back up the book , read and go find gold.Gerry Allen
 I am very satisfied with this book purchase.It has provided me with a lot of very useful information .
 I bought four of these since it was buy three get one free and they are fantastic ... the price was so cheap I figured the quality would not be the greatest but I was so wrong . . they were better quality than the original one that I paid a fortune for . . so was very pleased ... had beer can chicken on the grill when we had company and they worked great and washed up easily ... could n't be happier with this product and recommended it to all my friends who also ordered this product . . you ca n't go wrong with this product !!
 Getting the chicken onto the can holder is a little difficult . But once she 's on , BBQing the bird could n't be easier . You do n't have to worry about your Beer Can Chicken toppling over on the grill or on it 's way from the grill to the kitchen.I appreciate that this product folds up , since we do n't have much storage space to warrant more fancy kitchen gadgets . It is simple and sturdy -- seems well made . This was definitely worth the price for the convenience it offers , and small amount of space it takes up when not in use .
 This is a very study and functional product and really helps cookand drain fat on whole chickens etc. . Very worth the small cost .
 This is a great beer can roaster for the grill . It does what it is supposed to do . I love that it folds flat for storage compared to other options out there . However , I 'm not sure if this is the case with all beer can roasters or not , but it is difficult to take off the grill after done cooking . You basically have to hold the chicken with one gloved hand , and the bottom of the roaster with another in order to get it onto a baking dish or pan of sorts to take into the kitchen . If there are options out there with a wider base , this might be avoided perhaps . However , it does the job and has the added bonus of being able to fold flat for storage .
 Used a homemade rub on the chicken . Rubbed all over skin , and under the skin . Marinated it for 2 days . Filled can with beer and remaining rub . Placed in the over at 350 degrees for 11/2 hours . Came out looking great . Easy to remove chicken from holder . Easy to clean and reuse .
 Makes my hubby like chicken and he even cooks it . Two hours at 350 with a soda can = tasty chicken ! Do n't like cleaning it , but it 's not too bad . I have bought these for friends !
 This is perfect for beer can chicken ! It 's cheap , sturdy , easy to store and clean , and most importantly ... it works ! It hold the can securely and imparts fantastic flavor . A better deal ca n't be found !
 I ordered this stand for use in my smoker for cornish game hens . It works great , the top is tapered so you do n't have to force the bird down on it . It cleans up in a snap , and when your done it will fold up for easy storage .
 A gift for my brother who is a great cook -- he is intigued ! Thank you !
 The filter products which I purchased seem to be identical to the Brand name product and represent excellent Value for the dollar expended .
 Nothing like it . Thanks to your expert service I now have clean oil in my tractor.Thanks
 This is a great price for this filter , arrived earlier than predicted . I would recommend it to anyone who needs it .
 I am doing wonders with my plants using this product . My Plumerias just love it and so do my other plants . I know this because I tested it on some of my plants that I have more then two of . It just makes them grow better overall ... better leaves , better color and hardiness . It really does work and I will use it all the time during growoing season . I now use it at 4 times the recommended dose ... I did this just to see what would happen and it only made my plants grow more ... I just hope my plants do n't get me during the night if I forget to spray them ... LOL ... thank you Spray-N-Grow Chris
 Length :
 I have been using this product for about four years . Love it . It is especially good on plants that are n't doing well ; it revives them almost instantly . My tomatoes love it and it revived an olive tree I almost killed . I think the plants really love the gentle bath they get .
 I first bought this product from one of the shopping channels and my plants were amazing . I would highly recommend it for great looking plants .
 I discovered Bill 's Spray-N-Grow about 13 years ago . As far as I am concerned it is the best product available to and produces amazing results . It is all I have used since I ordered my first bottle .
 Wow ! My 83 year old Dad told me that I need to use this . You can use this on EVERYTHING ! It 's people and pet friendly so no worries . I ca n't imagine it 's effects to be more optimal but they recommend this
 I used this product over 20 years ago on roses , & a vegetable garden . Now that I 've begun gardening again , I remembered spray-grow . My new fruit trees & berry plants were n't doing well at all , even with fertilizer & water . I thought I planted them too late in the season & the Texas heat must be killing them.Now after 2 double strength applications of this product , my plants have noticeable new growth & the leaves are now deep healthy green instead of pale yellow . Ca n't wait too see results after a full month . I will update .
 IF YOU ENJOY LARGE FLOWER ... LOTS OF FLOWERS . . AND LARGE LEAVES ... YOU WO N'T BE SORRY IF YOU BUY SPRAY AND GROW . . YOU CAN SPRAYIT OR MIX W/WATER AND POUR IT ON/IN A POT . .
 Spray-n-Grow has been a gardening staple for me for a very long time , and I LOVE it !! Great results on endless varieties of plants , and I am about to order more right now . My only problem is that it is WAY cheaper to order from the actual website itself - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We 've had ThermaCELL ` skeeter beeter ' for about 2 years . Our yard is bordered on one side by a channel off of a lake , so we 've pretty much got heavy duty mosquitos . You could almost hear them warming up their wings every evening . Before we got this little unit , we were never outside after dark . Once the unit is operating -LRB- it needs a little time to warm up -RRB- the pests are driven away ; sometimes we 've seen a mass exodus from shrubbery . With this years -LRB- 2004 -RRB- heavy rains in Wisconsin , the populuation does n't even wait for dark anymore , just shade brings them out . We 're using the ThermaCELL unit a lot more-even doing our own ` testing ' . It works better than using 3 well placed citronella candles . I highly recommend this product !
 I can take this outside with me , lay it next to me , and can night garden , star gaze , it 's just amazing . I have tried everything to be able to enjoy summer nights , and this is the first product that actually works !!!
 Used this at a friend 's cookout . We were cooking at the back of the house where there are a lot of trees nearby and I do n't believe anyone got bit once . We were there for the entire evening until about 2 am .
 Product was used on our roadtrip to the Grand Canyon and it kept the bugs away from our camp area .
 My wife reacts very badly to mosquito bites , but she loves being out doors . Most of the commercial sprays are marginally effective and the large , expensive propane systems need repeated maintenance and still might fail within a year . Thermacell is easy to use , portable , effective , and no maintenance . It sets up a protective field about 10 ' in all directions and now she works in the garden all day with not a bite.Follow the manuf recommendations on swapping out the pads . When mosquitoes do get through it 's because she did n't change the pad .
 I tried this out for gardening and on my walks where I typically get lots of mosquito bites and deer fly bites . I did not get any bites while using this attached in a holster -LRB- sold separately -RRB- to my fanny pack or water bottle carrier.I did still have some deer flies buzzing me but none landed on me . The gnats seemed repelled as well.I was not sure it would work while walking based on other reviews and directions that say to place it horizontally on something to use.I 'm not really sure how safe of a product this is given that it is an insecticide , but it beats spraying myself with repellent .
 I live in a rural area and spend alot of time outside in the evening . Prior to purchasing my new thermo cell I had to go inside at dark , now I can stay out as long as I want . The pesky mosquitoes are no longer an issue !
 Have used this net for about a month and found it to be study and does the job . For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 This product was shipped very quickly and is well made . We have gone through 2 other pool rakes . The plastic on the other rakes was cheap and did n't last long from being exposed to sun and chlorine all the time . This pool rake is made solid with aluminum so it should break like the cheap plastic ones .
 I work on my pool & spa everyday , purchasing my own chemicals and doing all maintenance since we gave up weekly visits from a Pool Guy . This was my first purchase , and it makes quick work of skimming out leaves and flowers . This bag is STURDY and catches 10 times more leaves per swipe than a flat mesh skimmer ; those allow leaves to slide off from the top as you lift it to the surface . This bag saves time and back pain ; less swipes are needed because each skimming stroke is successful . The bag is larger than I expected , and is FIRMLY ATTACHED to the handle . It fit my `` universal '' pole perfectly , so I can reach all the way to the bottom of the deep end . I enjoy using this tool , and it should last for many years . Great value for the price .
 Great pool rake . Well made . The bag both corners sew with triangles so small stuffs wo n't stuck in the corners . The next day I received it , I started to clean up the pool and the bag can scoop up a large volume of leaves . The ring can be adjust in the future if the bag is broken . I do sewing , so I can make the bag in the future if need to change . Very happy with this product .
 I 'm really surprised there are n't more reviews for this item - perhaps it 's new on Amazon through this seller . I purchased this identical item about 4 seasons ago from a pool supply seller at a higher price . Finally the aluminium broke on one side but 4 years is good for me at this price considering the poor reviews on much more expensive items I 've seen here on Amazon that , according to the reviewers , do n't even last two seasons . This is a basic , well made pool leaf rake at a rock bottom price . I certainly do n't regret this purchase and would recommend it to a friend .
 This review is for the seller . You are wasting boxes for your shipping beside wasting money on shipping with you being a prime seller . The items came in two very large boxes . I worked as a wholesale and retail shipper and know the cost of sending packages . This is just a friendly note to help you out and earn more profit .
 Good Carrying case for the Grill-To-Go , it has wheels built into the Case , makes moving it around easy and keeps it clean when not in use .
 If you own a Grill2go , you already know how awkward they are to handle when moving . The bag has a place for everything , even extra propane tanks ! It 's heavy duty and the wheels make it a breeze to take your grill w / you .
 I purchased this bag shortly after buying my Grill2Go as I found the grill a little less than easily portable . The wheels make a big difference when you want to move the grill from place to place . The grill is really too bulky to move easily without this bag . Construction will impress you , too . It is a very heavy duty nylon with large nylon zippers.There are extra pockets to accommodate gas bottles and tools . My grill surface had separate sections , one for grilling and the other a griddle . Thermos offered a replacement grill section to fit into the griddle space so that you could use the entire surface as a grill . There is room for that too.The only down side is the claim that you can use the strap to carry the grill over your shoulder . Maybe for a dozen steps but not much further , as the grill is too bulky and heavy to be carried this way . But you can carry it in front of you with the strap when/if you have to navigate stairs or walk downhill with the grill.This is a useful product . It lets you store your grill without worrying about losing any of the pieces , and it really does make it easier to transport the Grill2Go to your next tailgating or backyard party .
 We bought the grill for camping since there was a burn ban and after looking at it we realized a carrying case would be helpful . Well let me tell you the case is great . It makes it easy to carry and move anywhere you need it . It also made it possible to put the grill in the cargo carrier on the top of the SUV . I would reccomend it to anyone and as a matter of fact I did just that on our last camping trip .
 The bag works well . The grill fits into the bag nice and snug . Much easier to transport .
 I love this case for our grill . We should have purchased it when we got the grill.Everything fits in the case , and the portability is great . We love this product .
 Great buy ... Fast shipping ... just what i was looking for . Thank you
 The case works fine . keeps everything in one place and is easy to handle .
 Very pleased with the product . It is a perfect fit , good tuff material , and has wheels so no need to lift .
 Ordered this case to carry my Grill to go in . It is great . Has wheels to easily transport grill . Protects grill from damage .
 The construction is amazing ! Canvas is thick . Strong , well-sewn - generous sized . Perfect for the Thermos Grill 2 Go transport.I 've used this for MANY other things than for transporting the grill . During a power outage I placed the contents of my freezer in plastic garbage bags in this bag , zipped it up & was shocked that 7 hours later my vegetables were STILL frozen . Cool !
 I started to leave the stove in the box , and move it around . Well the stove is alittle heavier than I thought it would be . The carrying case , unknown to me when ordering it , has WHEELS on it , makes moving to and from my trailer in grass of dirt , a snap . Highly recommend the case .
 The cover fit perfect . Easy to get on and off . Made it much easier for me to move folded grill around .
 I have used this product for a full season and it does the job . I am employing it in one of those silly little garden fountains , in which case a mermaid is spewing water out of a tube held between her hands , but it develops a pretty good stream with a vertical lift of about 10 inches . I 've had these before and they tend to wear out in a year or two but they 're easy to replace and probably worth the price .
 We bought this pump because it 's an exact replacement for the pump in our fountain that burned out . This pump has a 16-foot power cord . We needed at least 12 feet , and I could n't find many pumps that have a cord longer than 6 feet . Be aware that this pump should never be run dry , because it uses the water that flows through it to cool the electric motor . Without this water , the motor will burn up . I found out the hard way .
 THIS PRODUCT WORKS VERY WELL . THE ONLY REASON I DID N'T GIVE IT 5 STARS IS BECAUSE IT DOES N'T LAST VERY LONG .
 Great product.Was a believer after using it and at a great price , I have checked around and AMAZON DID HAVE THE BEST DEALS !!!!!!!! THIS PRODUCT DOES WORK !!!!!!!!!!
 I hate to buy a product like ThermaCell without having refills on hand . Mosquitos have been so bad this year ! Glad I found them !
 I get quite a bit of debris in my pool so use this on a weekly basis . The frame is very sturdy plastic and looks like it will last a long time , ditto for the mesh . The design of the frame is such that scraping leaves on the bottom of the pool is pretty easy . Somehow the taper on the front of the frame makes it easy to get under the leaves . Not sure why it works so well but it does . Good investment over the cheapo skimmers you usually see at the pool supply stores .
 This is an excellent pool skimmer built with a sturdy frame and much better constructed than those skimmers offered by local pool service companies .
 I bought this skimmer because it got such a good review on Amazon , and I am very pleased with it . I use it for a fountain , so do n't need a long handle . It is well put-together and sturdy - I am certain it will last more than one season .
 Good Product . Heavy duty compared to the last one I had . It was easy to install on the pole I already had .
 I had been using a regular pool net to clean leaves and skim the pool surface and other floating debris on my pool for the past 2 years -LRB- I was a new pool owner -RRB- . Finally decided to get this specialized `` leaf skimmer '' and wow , what a difference it makes ! The holes on this skimmer is small enough to trap all the pine-needle-leaves . It 's light and seems well constructed and with its bigger surface , it makes it so much easier for me to clean the pool surface ! This is a great solid investment and very easy to use . Works extremely well for us .
 Regardless of the size of your pool this skimmer works perfectly . It does not come with a long handle but is built such that it is very easy to add one .
 This leaf skimmer is so sturdy . My old one is bent and crooked . I 've seen other leaf skimmers for twice the price and they 're cheap looking , like my old one . I am very pleased with my purchase . It 's very rare to get more for your money .
 Much larger than anticipated . The angled front lift 's debris nicely onto the screen from the bottom of the pool . Seems pretty sturdy so far .
 Order this for my above ground pool . It was bigger than I thought it would be . That was a nice surprise ! It works well and is sturdy . Good price ... good buy .
 This skimmer fit the bill . We have lots of leaves and it picks them up without a problem . Also made very well and wide so that we can pick up much the first time .
 I use this skimmer every day in several tanks . It performs the best of any similar tool I 've tried . It filters and collects small debris , gets particles off the bottom , and moves through the water easily . It is the most durable of any I 've used . This skimmer performs as advertised , plus a bit.I also got free shipping .
 I use this as my hot tub skimmer . It works just fine , but wish it had a handle to make it a but longer so i did n't have to move all around the hot tub to scoop out the yuck ! Just might have to buy a handle too .
 I 've been needing a new skimmer for quite some time but could never remember to go by a pool supply store . I finally decided to check out Amazon and was pleased to find I could get one here - Prime even ! My current skimmer is a basket style which is really nice when you are picking up lots of leaves , but I found it a problem when a turtle was found swimming around . It scooped it up nicely , but folded over on itself when I tried to drop the turtle over the fence -LRB- there is a field behind me -RRB- . So , my decision was to get this one for turtles as well asSwimline 8040 Professional Heavy Duty Deep-Bag Pool Rake , Bluefor when I am picking up lots of leaves.As has been noted , the frame is plastic and the net seems to be a plastic mesh . They have been fused together . I 'm not sure how long it will be for there to be a separation , but I do n't have high expectations for any of these nets . Fortunately , it is reasonably priced , even if it makes it through only one season .
 this leaf skimmer works as described . Light weight and easy to use.What I really like is the delivery speed , got it immediately !!! A deeper net would be even better , but really no complaints .
 This skimmer is very large and sturdy . However , it should be noted on the description that it does not come with a pole .
 Works great . Inexpensive and perfect for the job . fit nicely into my existing pole . easy to dunk to the bottom to retrieve kids toys .
 Way better than the cheap ones you get at local/big box stores . Way burlier -LRB- frame and net quality -RRB- and big size without being unwieldy . The front acts a shovel for getting leaves off the bottom .
 This is a large and lightweight plastic rim net which is much cheaper than the metal ones I have been using . When the net wears out just buy another one , the expensive ones wear just as fast .
 I will admit that I returned this already , but potential purchasers should know it was n't because of the quality of the construction . It 's got a nice lip , and wide mouth . It did n't concern me that it was all plastic even . But the mesh is not fine enough to use as a surface skimmer , which is why I needed this .
 Great purchase for the price , this product is very durable and covers more area than any others I have purchased . You will be pleased with the weight and how easy it is to handle . Great buy !
 Received in less than 24 hours ! A nice replacement skimmer for one that had broken . Because we leave this outside , we end up replacing it every couple of years . This is a nice product , fit our aluminum handle , and does the job for a great price .
 This is the second skimmer we 've owned . The first one was fine , but the net grew brittle and had holes . This one seems very durable and of good quality .
 We just use it to skim out the kiddie pool . It works great for that . It seems to have a tapered edge in order to get all the grim off the bottom .
 I would have given it 5 stars but the handle cracked within the first two days . I had it replaced and it 's been working great for the past 3 weeks .
 I would not pass this one up . Very high quality ! I have been through a lot of these and they all have messed up soon after I bought them . This one is very heavy duty !
 So , my story is that I get frogs in my pool ... its irritating and I cant do much to get rid of the darn things . I have tried everything . That being said we need a leaf skimmer to grab em and get em out of the pool . -LRB- great writing eh ... is em in the dictionary , hahaha -RRB- . Any how , we were buying one of these a year at the local pool store and it cost about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- - for a smaller size . I finally figured I would try Amazon ... I am switching to Amazon for almost everything we need regularly . Voila ... great product , arrived quickly , LARGER size , and a better value . I do however have a strange feeling that this will last longer and we may not need to replace it next year . . it is of commercial quality .5 / 5
 i guess this was a good leaf skimmer as far as skimmers are , but this one would not fit my pole so not used .
 Much larger than expected so it skims up lots of debris . I can also use it to sweep up leaves from the bottom of the pool . Seems very sturdy and reliable .
 It is hard to judge a product like this from a picture - but this turned out to be very sturdy - not at all flimsy - and able to handle heavy wet leaves . Good value for the price .
 Despite its look -- plastic etc. -- this skimmer is hefty enough to do the job without flexing out of shape . Works so well I was surprised .
 Great quality and great price ! So much sturdier and larger than our last one , and fit our old pole seamlessly .
 This is much heavier and bigger then the one that came with our pool . It does not come with a handle but the old one that broke handle fit this one just fine .
 I found this item to be exactly what it was advertised to be . Unfortunately for me , I did n't realize that the absence of a pole -LRB- handle -RRB- in the picture meant that there would n't be one in the box , either ! As I said , the product came exactly as pictured . No pole . The extremely reasonable price should have been my clue , but I just thought I had a bargain . However , no problem . I just returned to Amazon today , found another net-type thing with a pole for under $ 10 and ordered it . The poles appear to be interchangeable , so I 'll have one I can use until I can find some plain poles . I have enough nets now!I would recommend this product , it will do what it 's supposed to do - just be aware that a pole does NOT come with it .
 This is a very heavy duty skimmer and works great . It was half the price of my local store and arrived in days . Very fast.My neighbor was so impressed , he ordered one . Great Product
 Skimmer is indeed heavy duty . Large in size and well built . Since the mesh is very `` fine '' there is noticeable resistance when moving it thru the water - not a complaint just an observation . The only problem I have is preventing the kids from using it like a tennis racket .
 This skimmer is very large , and has a little hook on it so it can hang from something . It is meant to be attached to a pole , but you can use it without it .
 I purchased this as a replacement for the stock wheel on my Rubbermaid cart . The spokes had broken on the original wheel . I read where the inside diameter was 3/4 instead of the 1/2 '' on the cart . I figured I 'd just find or make a sleeve , but there was no need . If the bearing on your old wheel are good , just move them over to the new wheel . They pop out easily and are an exact fit .
 Hard rubber tires are a plus , since they do n't puncture . Axle hole size is larger than I needed , but I shimmed it down . Nothing exciting -LRB- like power tools -RRB- , but a good product .
 I do n't use my cart all that often , but every time I went to get it , it seemed like the tires were flat . No more . These wheels and tires solve the flat tire issue once and for all . The original wheels on my cart did not have bearings , so I could n't do a bearing swap . Instead , I did what `` Gleason Wheels '' did -- I used small pieces of metal electrical conduit -LSB- not PVC -RSB- to shim up the axles to fit the slightly larger-diameter Arnold bearings . Works well .
 The Cart Wheel 's were of great quality . the service was quick and efficient . There were no problems would order again
 love this garden cart , but broke one of the wheels , this was exactly what we needed . The cart is up and running again . thanks
 Thank you for my recent purchase , the gleason wheeel was just what I needed for my rubbermaid cart . They no longer make the cart that I have and I have n't been able to get these wheels anywhere . They are exactly what I needed . Thank you again .
 You can spend a lot more getting replacement wheels for this stupid cart , but these are great . They were a perfect fit , went on in a jiffy and have been great ever since . I guess that makes for a perfect purchase . And it was WAY cheaper than replacing the whole cart , which was still in good condition except the original wheels dry-rotted .
 In retrospect , i should have bought two , because my pneumatic whel on the other side will no doubt fail as well .
 I did an up-grade on a home made project which was using a 16 inch wheel and I wanted to try a 20 inch wheel . This wheel works perfectly !
 Just bought a home and to my surprise , the backyard came equipped with a built-in Charmglow grill . Started right up but was cooking my food unevenly . After inspecting the burner , it appears it had rusted , cracked and the gas was not flowing properly . Figured this thing was ancient and would n't be able to find a replacement but amazingly there are several sites that sell replacement parts for these types of grills . I took my measurements off the existing burner and simply searched for the same size burner . I decided on the cast iron burner because a saw how worn and damaged the burner can become with time and heavy use.This new burner fit right in and now I 'm a happy camper !
 Heavy , solid piece of iron . No flashing or bits and pieces of metal . Comes with gasket and 2 screws . Dropped right in and turned up the gas !
 I had run out of test strips last year near the end of the season -LRB- I keep my pool open quite late -RRB- and the local stores did not have any , so I found these on Amazon and the price was right -LRB- Strips in local stores that do all the tests that these do cost almost double what these cost ! -RRB- . I ordered three packages , to get free shipping ... and I am very pleased with the performance and price , and will order these again when i run out!These strips test for Total Chlorine , Free chlorine , Alkalinity , Ph and hardness . They are fast , simple and easy to use . The color chart is printed on the container , and the colors are easily distinguishable -LRB- even for a Mr. MaGoo like me ! -RRB- . The container that they come in is easy to open and it is easy to remove individual strips ... and it is nice and sturdy and proects the strips well.In a nutshell
 I first used this seed to fill in some bare spots , and it came in very nice and thick Dark Green . WOW ! I 've never seen a seed this Dark Green and Thick before.First Scatch up the soil , and add topsoil if needed . Then put down the seed with a handful of starter fertilizer for each bare spot . Be sure to work this down into the first inch of soil , tamp it down , and then water it in . It takes about a week to come up , but it really an impressive DARK Green color once it 's established . I 've been using it to fill in some spotty Crab-Grass areas , and as I dig these up , I add the seed and starter fertilizer , then water it all in , and in a few days after watering I have nice new dark green turf grass where the ugly Crab Grass once was.This is a very impressive Dark Green Turf Type seed . I 'm planning on doing more `` fill in 's '' with it , and a Full re-seed in the Fall 2012 . An entire Lawn seeded with this will really look Great . Highly Recommended
 Barenbrug Spring Up Grass Seed MixBuy this grass for a super non-rye lawn . We over seed in the fall and sometimes the spring . This seed put down in early much is coming up . Try it you 'll like it but after the seeds sprout do n't water it . Let the fittest survive . Make sure you put down lime before it snows and fertilize once a year with no , and I mean no , chemicals . You will get fire flies and butterflies too .
 Apparently the person closing this bottle for the trip sneezed and did not close it properly . Consequently , around 2 % of the contents leaked and partially soaked the box . Boy the UPS guy must have hated having this in his truck . Malathion is one of the most pungent insecticides . Of course , it is a good general purpose product with nearl no residual effect , and the Amazon price was good , especially with Prime shipping.I 'd have given it 5 stars except for the leaking .
 yes , yes , the foul , disgusting bureaucrats of the EPA say that i will get horrible , painful skin-sloughing CANCER after using this `` off label indoors . '' But I 've slept like a baby since the little blood-sucking bedbugs met their untimely demise . Totally worth whatever cancer will kill me in 50 years of sweet , sweet slumber . Just dilute the stuff & go once around the base-boards . BOOM . Game over , blood-suckers .
 A little goes a long way . Very cost effective.I try to avoid the Malathion , favoring the pyrethrins , but Malathion kills the mosquitos and horseflies.The biting bug population stayed down for several weeks.I do spray about 30 minutes after sunset . My goal is to avoid harm to bees and dragonflies.My population of dragonflies and bees seemed unchanged with this technique.Hope they were not affected.But the mosquitoes and biting flies from the surrounding flood irrigated fields ca n't be controlled with other methods.Use this after other methods have failed .
 Great product does the job it is supposed to do . I have used it for years with complete satisfaction . It has my vote .
 most stores do n't carry this product because of one of the chemicals in it . The newer plant bug killers do n't have theMalathion and in my opinion and experience do n't work .
 This malathion product is good at killing bugs , but note you need a sprayer to apply it . Read the directions to find the correct amount of product to spray .
 It is a terrible year for wasps and I have about 3-4 nests going at any time around the eaves of my house . I have tried the organic stuff , the spectracide and other stuff -LRB- about half that does n't shoot as far as it says -RRB- . The organic stuff seemed to just confuse them and they came right back if they left at all.I had some of this around from a few years ago and since I could not reach the top eaves , I put some in a yard sprayer -LRB- the kind weed-and-feed sprayers that you hook to your hose and cost about ten bucks at Home Depot , so the Malathion gets diluted -RRB- and with the water from the hose it shot far enough to reach all the nests -LRB- to the second floor -RRB- . Believe it or not , the wasps were just falling to the ground ! All of the nests are empty now!I will update if they come back to stay , but so far , I am a happy camper ! There are not even any wasps hanging on the nests!All the other $ 50 worth of sprays were a waste and none worked as well as this has so far .
 This product is definitely a five star.Sprayed around the perimeter of the house outside , guess what , the creatures are not around
 Read that this is the Only Defense against Bed Bugs if they come to your home . I do not have the problem but I would be so upset that I just want to have it and be Prepared to get this Stopped ASAP .
 PRODUCT DID NOT SAY IT WOULD KILLS A FLEA INFESTATION , BUT I GAVE IT A TRY AND AFTER APPLYING AT 9 TBS/DAY/GAL IT FINALLY WORKED ON THE 5TH DAY . NO MORE FLEAS . HOPE THIS HELPS .
 I steamed my living room carpet and later on that day , I saw lots of tiny dead ants on top of the carpet . YuKKKK ! I was going to call a pest service , but decided to try these first . They worked perfectly and no more ants ! I also love the fact that they are safe and much nicer than other types . The ants go in and are trapped inside and one does n't have to see dead ants every where . You can also also use them outside .
 My husband loves this feeder -- and once the hummingbirds discovered it , they do to!One drawback to it is that the red plastic bases of the bulbs will fade , warp , and crack if they are in the sun too long . -LRB- That 's why this is our second one -RRB- . But I assume that can happen to any plastic part of any hummingbird feeder.The feeder is pretty and draws a lot of compliments from guests . I have heard some people say the hummingbirds wo n't eat from this model but after a day or two of it being up , we had no problems . -LRB- Guess the hummingbirds are just smarter out here ! -RRB-
 I have had this feeder for 4 years and have never any problems with it . I have it hanging in one of the openings of my covered porch and the hummingbirds love it . It hangs in the shade and looks as good as the day I bought it . I like it so much I have given it as a gift to five of my friends and to my knowledge they are all still using theirs .
 Bought this as a Christmas present for my husband and we really love it -LRB- as do the birds -RRB- except the bottles have very fragile hangers and one was broken when we got it . We tried to fix it but it did n't last . Have not been able to contact the vendor for a possible replacement bottle , and we wonder how long these bottles will last through the seasons . It 's too bad , because we really love the looks of the feeder .
 I have had this feeder for at least five years and love it ! It hangs in the sun and though the colors in the metal parts have faded a bit the plastic parts are fine and it still looks great . The humming birds find it soon after it goes out in the spring and are ver active at it all summer . It is by far the best and most attractive hummingbird feeder I have ever owned .
 I 've had my feeder for 7 years and am buying another only because I dropped one of the glass bowls when I was cleaning it . It 's been on my deck year after year from April to September and the birds seem to love it . No drips , very few wasps . I love that I can have 6 or 7 birds swarming it at once and 4 can eat at a time.Highly recommend !
 This hummingbird feeder is huge ! I did n't expect it to be so big . Other than that it 's beautiful and easy to use . Now I just need some little hummingbirds to find it . : -RRB-
 This prodykt vere good . I do n't have a problem with this product.I recomed this product for my frends.Ivere happe.Thank you vere mach
 I really like these hoses . I have two , one is 50 feet and one is 100 feet . The hoses are sturdy , do n't kink and the reinforcements near the attachments are brilliant . That is one of the areas where my old hose failed . It got crushed where it was wound up and so was permanently kinked . This hose has n't kinked yet and it does n't have the weird chemical smell when I run the water . When I need to replace my other hoses , this is the one I will buy .
 Here is an impressive hose . Imagine 8-ply , brass hardware , a quality-build all the way around . We 're glad we ordered the 100-foot length . We love the first one and had to order a second . My wife likes it so much that she 's paying for the second hose . It 's light , strong , does n't kink . What else could anyone want ?
 I live in the Colorado Desert where the summer heat is quite severe . Most hoses I have owned have a one year life span at most.This hose is so strong -LRB- even pretty with its silver color -RRB- and dependable that it is a pleasure to use . Even my gardener told me how thrilled he was with the performance of this hose . I 'm going to buy another one as a second hose of mine has just sprung a leak . It is n't even a year old . But the summer took its toll.This one did n't even flinch in the downbeating sun . It did great and it is a pleasure to have it .
 I HAVE PURCHASED MANY GILMORE HOSES OVER THE YEARS BUT EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE BETTER THAN MOST BRANDS THEY STILL KINK . THE NEW PLATINUM HOSE IS MUCH SUPERIOR AND EVEN REWINDS VERY EASILY .
 purchased the 100 ft hose . I purchased this hose to match my rapid reel . used it some . it 's a good quality hose . its a silver/gray color . one side of the hose has a hard plastic/metal spring no kink attachment -LRB- does n't appear removable -RRB- . the box said it has a lifetime warranty , if it ever fails cut off the end and send it back , they said they 'd send a new one . ca n't beat that .
 Hard to wax poetic over hoses , but this is a nice , sturdy lightweight hose that does n't kink .
 Great hose ... soft and heavy feel to it ... easy to drag around and rarely kinks . Gray color is kinda nice as well .
 Thank you to all the prior reviewers who shared their experience with this hose . Your reviews led me to purchase this for myself after practically losing my mind fighting with the piece-of-you-know-what NeverKink brand sold at -LSB- ... -RSB- and Lowes . This hose uncoils and coils beautifully and does n't kink , even though Gilmour does n't go so far as to make that claim . The only problem I 've found is that there is a slight drip at the faucet connection which has n't completely gone away after tightening . No one else has mentioned this , so maybe my experience is unique . Either way , I 'll take a slight drip any day versus the hassle with other hoses .
 I purchased this hose so long ago I do n't remember . I used it myself for years . Then I purchased a home , used it there and then had a job move which required me to rent . I left the hose in the front yard in the hopes it would encourage the tenant -LRB- s -RRB- to water the lawn.This hose survived being on the ground on a WEST facing EXTREMELY HOT Florida lawn with no shade or cover for 14 years . The tenants rarely wrapped it on its hose holder and mostly left it on the ground . It rarely tangled or twisted . Recently it started to leak around the metal part that attaches to the spigot . There is life guarantee with the hose and all you have to do is cut off the defective end and mail it it to get a new hose . I purchased this Gilmour hose to replace the Wal-Mart piece of crap hose in my backyard which is permanently crimped and leaking in several places after only a few years.Gilmour hoses are guaranteed for life.Cut off both ends of the hose and mail toGilmour Company140 Corum RoadExcelsior Spring MO 64034800.458.0107 is their phone number to verify above address.THIS GRAY HOSE IS COMMERCIAL GRADE AND AWESOME !!!!!
 Excellent ! Easy to use . Attractive . Very flexible . Covers large areas of lawn . Can be easily attached to sprinklers.Light-weight , but very durable .
 Purchased hose on reviews and recommendations found online . Had the hose for a year now and not had a bit of problem with it . We did place it on a roller to keep it tidied up and out of the way , but when it 's pulled out it does n't kink or leak . We have three different sizes of this hose and they all work great .
 this is the best hose we have purchased . gilmour makes a good hose and this one is great . I have to say it was even run over by a toyota highlander and did not crack or anything and the hose was full of water ! very nice heavy duty hose . I highly recommend .
 A bit pricey compared to other brands but I was sick of the junk the chain stores were selling me over theyears . No complaints otherwise .
 My Gilmour 20-58100 20 Series Platinum 5/8-Inch-by -100 - Foot 8-Ply Flexogen Hose arrived quickly and undamaged . It appears to be well constructed and performs as it should . I have purchased Gilmore hoses in the past and they have always worked well . My Gilmore hoses are out in the weather in Philadelphia , PA through all of the seasons . They are strong and reliable . They are a bit heavier than other hoses , but I am sure that it is due to the heavy duty materials used in their construction . I always try to select Gilmore hsoes when possible .
 I have used dozens of hoses for home , farm , and work . Many are plain garbage . I will reorder these when I need more ! They are well constructed , with good ends and a smooth finish -LRB- usefull when dragging a couple of hundred feet through the lawn -RRB- . As for being kink-proof , well , there is n't such a thing . Even double steel braid hydraulic hose can be kinked , and one this size would take a forklift to pick it up ! What this hose DOES offer is a very kink-RESISTANT construction . With reasonable care , it will not kink , nor `` remember '' the kinked area if you do inadvertantly kink it . I have ordered & used several lengths and sizes of this hose & used them all - equally well . And , on the packaging , Gilmour offers a free replacement if defective . Hard-to-beat deal !
 I have to say this is a good quality hose that will likely last a long time . This also means I 'll be lugging it around my yard for a long time . When I read a couple of reviews that commented on it 's weight I thought to myself , `` how heavy can a hose be ? '' Well now I know . I 'm no delicate woman when it comes to work around the house and yard and I can pitch in for the tough jobs . I guess it 's not so much the actual weight as much as how the weight increases the difficulty of hauling it around flower beds and such . If you use a hose reel it will need to be one with substance and face the direction the hose will go in and out as its heavy duty quality does n't handle angles well when reeled . And it will kink . Initially when you unroll it from it 's shipped state you have to spread it out and carefully work out the curls . It does n't kink the way a cheaper hose would , but it will kink if you pull on it without managing the curls along the way . As I said this is a good quality hose that will probably last me until I ca n't garden any more so in that regard I got what I paid for , but it is heavy and more difficult to work with than I imagined it would be .
 In the two years I 've lived in my own home , I 've gone through three hoses . One kinked too much , another was so inflexible that it retained its curled shape and was unwieldy to handle . But this hose does exactly what you 'd expect . It 's easy to drag around . It does n't kink -LRB- much -RRB- . It 's flexible and is easy to wrap . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS GARDEN HOSE . IT KINKS LESS THAN ANY GARDEN HOSE I HAVE PURCHASED IN THE PAST . I USE IT ALMOST DAILY . YOU CAN FEEL AND SEE THE QUALITY .
 This hose is as good as a hose can get . Kinking is definitely minimal and water flow is strong . It 's nice to have the twist friendly plastic piece on the end of the hose that connects to the water spicket and the coil to prevent creasing . The other end of the hose is solid and well made making me think that it 's going to be many years before I even think about replacing it . The hose is a good color because it does n't stand out like a sore thumb when looking at your house like the common extreme green and blue colors do . I thought about going to a 3/4 inch but this sucker has more than enough water flow . If you use your hose even slightly regularly , it is definitely worth investing in getting a decent one because you will constantly be disappointed by the ten buck one !
 Very happy with this hose . It lives up to the reviews and even though I bought the 100 foot one it never kinks and rewinds smoothly . Of course it 's a bit hard when you first begin the rewind since the hose is heavy but I 've solved that problem by laying out the hose in short sectioned patterns that help to only have the weight in each one being pulled . Hope it lasts for a long time . Kathy
 I was worried it was a lot to spend for a hose . Now I 'm going to get one for the back yard too . Totally worth it ... DOES NOT KINK , and it 's EASY to coil up . Pretty important for the 100 ' of hose .
 A bit expensive , never have kinked on me . That was the reason I bought this high dollar hose . It is a lot better then the high price cheap crap I have been buying from Lowes .
 I finally purchased a good quality garden hose . This hose is soft , winds easily on the reel and has proven to be worth every penny spent . I wo n't have to replace this hose for a long time ! Well worth the extra money .
 This is the best hose I 've ever used . I 'm a volunteer gardener for a local church . They have several gardens that are located around a large parking lot and patio so I need a long hose -LRB- 75-100ft -RRB- . One of the most frustrating things for me is that my older hoses would inevitably kink as I wandered from one area to another -LRB- FYI , there is no such thing as a `` no-kink '' hose -RRB- . I finally took a chance and invested in a more expensive and `` serious '' hose . I can guarantee you it was worth every penny ! The hose is very sturdy and does n't come off the reel kinked . Nor does the hose come out like a spring needing a lot of straightening out . The hose only kinks if I 'm dragging it from one area to another 70 feet away - and then it 's only been one kink . The hose is so sturdy that it shakes out nice and stays unkinked ! Lower-grade hoses have a tendency to `` crease '' which can cause the hose to get kinked again - right after you go back to watering or when you are reeling the hose in and want to go home . This hose just glides back into my hose reel . If you do n't have a big area to maintain the less expensive hoses are fine . This hose is perfect for large grounds and for trades persons who need to drag a hose around on various jobs . Thank you Gilmour !
 My old hose was too short , and constantly kinked . I was beginning to think ` they just do n't make 'em like they used to . ' Imagine my surprise when I first used this hose . I marvelled at how incredibly well made it was , and how really , you could n't kink this thing if you tried -LRB- but why would you try ? -RRB- . It is easy to connect this to the faucet , thanks to that enormous black connector , but not so easy to connect your spray nozzle . The spring on the enormous black connector undoubtedly serves some purpose , most likely associated with the enormous black connector , but other than holding the thing up , I do n't know what it could be.Best hose I ever had.Highly recommended .
 This is the finest hose we have ever owned
 Landscape designer in Seattle with high standards for personal , at-home hose . Lives up to all claims and more , heavy duty , attractive , no kinks , superb connections and high water flow . Love it , finally a quality product in a homeowners hose .
 Without a doubt this is the best hose I have ever owned . As another reviewer said one does not usually wax poetic over an hose but I certainly do about this one ! Am going to buy a second one now .
 not rocket science , every hose should just be like this one . Perect , not too thick not too thin and doesnt kink . sort of refreshing really . Basically the same as the farm house but differnt color . I like this color better for hose reels .
 this is a great garden hose , its very durable and well made . for people that are crying about hose kinking they are idiots . i am a fireman and we use hose under very high pressures 150-300psi and we still need to worry about hose getting kinks in it . so yes there is always the possibility that the hose will kink but this is very nice hose that will not kink nearly as much as some of the cheap pieces of junk you can buy . i would purchase this product again .
 Every Gilmore hose that I have purchased has been highly superior to any other hose ... and if it is n't then Gilmore will replace it ... I read the three cranky reviews here and it goes to show you that you can not please everyone ... If you want the best hose on the market then get this one by Gilmore ... If anyone has found a better hose then let me know ... I doubt it ...
 I like this Gilmour hose but I should have ordered the 3/4 size because I have low water pressure . The platinum series does not come in the bigger 3/4 size . The 5/8 size it does come in should work for most people though and the other Gilmour style hoses do come in the bigger size if you need it . Overall , it is a nice hose and I like how easy the fittings are to work with . Just wish I had known what size was best for me before ordering .
 If you have ever wanted to own a hose that never kinks and will last , then here is the solution . We have had ours for over 3 years now and never looked back . Great product !
 Great quality hose . It will be the last hose that I 'll have to buy . I can water the plants and flowers , and the hose rolls up perfectly with little effort .
 I was so tired of buying `` kink-free '' hoses over the years ... all of them kinked , some to the point where they were unusable ! The Gilmour Platimnum lived up to the hype , no problems , no kinks , performs as promised ! I 'm not sure why buying a good hose has to be so challenging ! I 'll be ordering another Gilmour Platinum and throwing away the last of my old `` kinkless '' hoses ! Thank you for making a good product !
 I 'm not a professional gardener but I do know decent quality when I see it.Hose is very flexible and is pretty much kink proof with average use and pulling.It will kink if you force it to kink . It does leak just a small bit at the bib but every single hose I 've ever owned has leaked a little bit that 's just life ... Fairly reasonable weight not too hard for my 100 pound wife to manage on her own.Overall I 'm pleased with my purchase ! I may just get the 50ft hose also
 This hose was bought for use with a new hose reel . The hose seems to be excellent quality but read on for possible issues for use with a hose reel.When the female hose end was connected to the hose reel -LRB- an Ames brand reel in this case -RRB- there was a leak . Not sure exactly why , since both mating surfaces were smooth and ding-free , and not sure if the hose or reel was defective or if the hose was somehow incompatible with the reel fitting . The Gilmore hose uses an o-ring instead of the traditional flat rubber washer and it would not seal to the hose reel fitting without leaks . Replacing the o-ring with a flat rubber washer also leaked . Reinserting the o-ring and placing a flat rubber washer on top of it before making the connection fixed the leak so it may be worth having an extra hose washer on hand when hooking it up . When using the o-ring you do need to be careful NOT to over tighten the connection.The large over mold on the hose is very nice for tightening the hose but if using the hose with a reel it may be a tight fit . In my case the over molded end would not fit through the hose guide but inserting the hose through the guide back-to-front rather than front-to-back worked fine .
 Bought this hose a few weeks ago because it was rated the best . Long term is the real test but so far so good . Kink resistant , not kink proof . Rolls easily , does n't twist . Jury is still out as previous two hoses did not last more than two years . See me in the Spring of 2014 .
 I bought the 100ft version of this hose . It seems to be well made but it 's very heavy . Heavy to the point where my wife can not roll it up to put it away .
 Great hose but difficult to wound up when finished using . I can deal with the difficulty of trying to wound up on hose holder . My other hoses would get holes in them . I 've had this all of summer and had no problems with holes .
 I have only had this for a few weeks but it is hands down the best hose I have owned . It connects by hand with no leakinng problems and it just will not kink .
 This is a great hose , and certainly worth buying . I purchased 5 for our new house , and have had them for 3 months . They do n't leak , and remain on 24/7 . I like that when I pick it up it is ready to go .
 Buying made in the Usa should be the main cause for buying this . Second is the quality . I have watered extensively with this hose and a Dramm hose nozzle I bought here on Amazon . . This is guaranteed for life and I keep receipts so if it ever goes the good folks will send me another . Win-WinThe hose is still working great as of February 2013 . Still has no kinks or leaks but if it does I will send in for lifetime replacement .
 This is the best hose I 've bought so far ... and the price was great ! It may not be `` kink-free , '' kinda like no iron shirts still get wrinkled ... but there is a definite difference between my old hoses , and this one . love it , and plan on buying another for the backyard too ...
 I 've purchased several hoses over the past ten years and this is delinately the best one yet . It 's fairly light and strong and shows little tendency to kink . The connectors are high quality , so you get no leaks at the faucet or the spray head . For the money it 's great value also , I 've paid more and got an inferior product .
 This is an excellent heavy duty hose that does not kink like others . I am a very small person and have had no problem as have been stated . You want the best , this is it !
 This is the best hose I 've used . I use it in the high desert of Arizona , where temps . range from 20 degress -LRB- winter -RRB- to 110 degress -LRB- summer -RRB- and this hose holds up great . I drag it all around to my plants and it gets run over a lot by trucks , cars and tractors . This hose is tough.The only weak spot is where the 2 hoses connect together , but I keep that spot out of the main drive area , and I do n't have a problem . When it is new , it must be UNROLLED and allowed to lay straight out flat in the sun -LRB- to relax -RRB- . After that I never have a kink problem . I now own 4 of these hoses.This is an excellant hose .
 I 've purchased two or three other hoses which were `` highly rated . '' None of them could handle the water pressure coming out of my exterior hose faucet . I do n't know why the pressure is so high . This hose lasted all summer , not a drop of water escaped . My last 3 hoses burst somewhere along their length . Not this one . I give it 5 stars !!
 It is nice having a long hose . I love the lifetime warranty . You do n't see many of those anymore . I like the connection to the faucet . If it came in a longer size I would have gotten that .
 Does n't kink , not to heavy to handle , seems very durable . Perfect for my Rapid Reel hose reel ! Expensive garden hose but I have a feeling it will be worth every penny in the long run !
 Ca n't remember but I may have reviewed this already . None-the-less it 's worth a second review . It 's the best and sturdiest hose I 've ever purchased . A little more pricey but remember , `` you only get what you pay for ! '' This hose looks lovely as well , does not kink or bend and works excellent , love the extra-sturdy reinforcements at the ends . This is the second one I 've purchased from Amazon ! Highly recommend !
 I have used several self-watering pots in the past . This one is better designed than most . You will need a watering pot with a narrow spigot to put water into the bottom of the pot . The pot appearance is modern simplicity , which blends well anywhere . I like that the reservoir is opaque . I have pots with clear reservoirs , and while I like them , algae soon becomes abundant.After planting , you will need to water from the top once thoroughly to moisten the soil completely . This took me about 2 gallons of water over the course of a day . Wow ! After that , as long as you do n't let the reservoir go dry , you will never need to water from the top again . I am in dry Colorado growing an extremely large fern , and it has not lost a single leaf -- so I 'm quite sure it gets enough water . The person with the low-star review probably let the reservoir go empty and the soil go dry . This self watering pot works by capilary action , and perhaps that is less effective with dry soil.I am so happy with this pot , that I want to repot all of my plants in them .
 They got here fast and in perfect condition . Put my plants in and filled em following instructions and my plants are loving thier new space an I 'm liking the self watering .
 The dirt in the planter stays moist all week and my Peace Lilly is looking very nice . I fill the reservoir every weekend and let the planter do its job . No worries .
 Since I 'm a student and do n't own a car , I could n't go to a nursery to find a proper pot and soil and all the stuff for my bonsai from IKEA . I ordered this , and my bonsai is doing great ! It has everything you need -LRB- except for wire -RRB- to repot bonsai . I looked online for over 5 hours , and this was the best deal .
 Package came in the mail in 3 days , and I could n't be happier . I am putting a clone of a pine-tree I collected from in front of my house in the pot/soil .
 The shipping was fast , and the product description was accurate . First i was scared that there was not enough soil , but it seems that they put exactly the right quantity , no way of sparing some :p I highly recommend this product for beginners who want to repot a mame bonsai .
 Everything was perfect ... excellent quality . It is a very good beginning , makes your job much easy because everything was in the right amount for my little plant .
 I ended up getting a lower height , dark blue glaze pot ; soil ; 2 screen squares ; 2 lengths of bendy wire -LRB- for training the branches ? -RRB- ; and a little clay figurine . So they subbed the top rocks and the pot type , but I would say it was an even trade . Shipping was timely , price was excellent -LRB- when you include shipping , its pretty equivalent to the competition , but you get a few items -RRB- . Very happy with my purchase , and I would say my juniper bonsai is too !
 I ordered a Rabbit 's Foot Fern and it arrived in a short time and I was very pleased with the product I recieved . I would definitely recommend this company to others and if you are looking for something unique , whether for yourself or for a friend , I would definitely recommend a Rabbit 's Foot Fern .
 VERY UNUSUAL PLANT BUT NICE PLANT . . TOOK A WHILE TO GET STARTED BUT NOW GROWING NICELY . . CA N'T WAIT FOR THE FEET TO START HANGING AROUND RIM OF PLANTER .
 I am not an experienced gardener . Last year was the first time i tried to start flowers from seeds . Luckily i also decided to give the Jiffy-7 mini greenhouse a try.It was easy to use and worked perfectly . 100 % of the pellets produced seedlings . At least 90 % of the plants survived after they were planted outdoors.I bought three more and ca n't wait to use them this year .
 I 'm fairly new to gardening -LRB- two years now -RRB- and have tried many of the products advertised for folks like me who prefer to grow their plants from seeds . This product is `` by far '' the easiest and most successful product I 've purchased . You just lay the pellets on a tray or put them into small pots , stick the seeds in the pellets , water and watch them grow . The best part of this process is when you are ready to transplant , you only have to prepare the soil location area and stick the pellet into the ground . You ca n't get any easier than that ! I 've tried the plantable peat pots and several other seed growing products and have seen a much better success rate with these pellets . The plantable peat pots seem to stunt the growth of a young plant somewhat , until the roots are strong enough to actually grow through it . Not a problem with the pellets . The pellets give the young plant a very stable base in which to start the root growing process so you do n't have to worry about the plant uprooting when you water them like it does with seed starting soil . And the roots do n't have to grow through anything except the prepared soil below . The plants I 've grown in these pellets seem to grow twice as fast as the plants in the peat pots . Overall I 'm impressed with this product and will purchase more in the spring for my new projects .
 Enjoying our peat pellets immensely !! My tomato plants have a great start and I ca n't wait to harvest ! Great seller . Product arrived very timely and excellent price . Thank you !
 I have used the Jiffy pellets for years and I love them . They are super easy to work with and the dirt does n't spill out everywhere !
 These peat pellets are exactly what I expected . Not only is my seed germination satisfactory , but after germination , i planted them directly in the ground when the temperature broke into the ' 70 's sometime around April 1 - April 15 !!
 i am using these plugs to start tree germating seeds . . so all i xcn say is looke great all 5o look and seem good . as for if my seeds like them?i will know in 3 to aix months .
 Works great but is a bit messy in hydro setup because the peat moss will fall out when wet , but no biggy , just soak in proper ph balanced water , and watch it grow very slowly , let it soak for a few hours , and squeeze out excess water , too much water can have a negative impact on the the plant when you plant an already popped seed root down . So keep it moist not soaked , happy growing
 I 've always been interested in growing my own flowers and plants from seed , and have attempted to many times over the years . For various reasons , I was never very successful . However , last winter I decided to try again using these Jiffy pellets . I was amazed ! ALL of my seeds sprouted ! I was even more amazed when they ALL continued to grow and flourish . I was thrilled to have a ton of flowers for my garden that Spring ! After several years of without much success , I 'm thrilled to have found such a great product !
 I bought these for my seeds and to have them plant out all of what I love to eat . I like to watch the dicks grow and I even put the seeds in the holes before they grow and then they sometimes stay in and little is needed to do after that .
 product works great . review process annoying and time consuming with no way to submit , so who knows if this ever gets through ...
 I was very skeptical to purchase an urn over the web but I found that the 3 '' keepsake is of exceptional quality . I will now purchase a larger urn from this company . If you have doubts , rest assured that you will be satisfied with this purchase from this company .
 I have unfortunately had to purchase keepsake urns for family members and friends . I 've purchased quite a few different brands , all with different price tags . I liked the look of this online and the price was good , so I bought one . I could n't believe how nice it was when it arrived . I really did n't know it was going to come in a heart-shaped box ; I thought that was just for appearances in the photo . It 's just as nice as ones I 've purchased for twice the cost , and looks very nice in its box . Great product , in my opinion !
 I purchesed this urn mostly based on the comments I read . I purchased the 3 '' keepsake . After receiving I would purchase the larger size if I had the need for it . It was as descrbed , heavy and the design was nice . It came within four days which was unexpected but nice . I was not in need of it that fast but if you were that is really nice to know . I wanted to add a comment so others would feel comfortable ordering this on-line unseen . It is never a pleasure to have to order something like this so comments could be helpful .
 I ordered the small 3 '' memorial urn , and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived in only two days . The small urn is perfect for keeping a small reminder after spreading the majority of your loved one 's ashes . It fits nicely on my fireplace and is very beautiful memorial .
 This is the most solid , well crafted brass product I have ever purchased . The engraving is artful and elegant.This supplier delivers on schedule and in excellent packaging . The price is amazing . Nearly half what I could have paid - and prime delivery to boot.This product and supplier certainly make a sad occasion a pleasant memory .
 I purchased this in 2011 after the death of my mother . The product arrived quickly and surpassed my expectations . The urn is made of metal and feels substantial . The exterior artwork is high quality and the top turns off and on easily . I did not look closely at how the urn was packaged and was pleasantly surprised to find it was shipped in a red velvet hear-shaped box.The urn itself is only about 3 inches tall , but is perfect for a small keepsake . I ended up filling the urn with sand and a couple of small shells from the beach where my mother 's ashes were spread.I highly recommend this product .
 Nice little urn for cherishing a loved ones ashes . I would recoemmend it to anyone without hesitation.Good value and nicely boxed .
 I 'm really just writing this so amazon will quit sending me e-mails asking me to review it . It was an urn , a nice , well crafted bottle for my dead grandfather 's ashes . I do n't really have much more to say except it 's sitting on my cousin 's shelf as we speak , being an urn , doing what urns do , sit there .
 After finding out that no one would taxidermy Grandma i did the next best thing and had her cremated . Then found this amazing urn . She was a big lady but she now fits in this cute little urn . Very well built .
 Although we received ours yesterday , I have n't yet used this item , and generally that would stop me from reviewing it . However , it is NOT as pictured . It lacks both the headlight and the drivetrain release triggers , though these are pictured both in this ad here , and on the Poulan Pro webpage for this model.Amazon has responded favorably to our request to correct this problem , but since it is still pictured incorrectly I wanted to post this review to warn others.From shopping around a bit , I can say that this is still a good deal for an 8.5 HP Tecumseh-engined 2-stage , but we had particularly wanted the headlight , which was a factor in our decision to purchase . I do n't care too much about the drivetrain release triggers , but this detail further illustrates that the item pictured is not the item being sold , though the model number is in fact correct . Just fair warning.Edit
 I was very satisfied the delivery . The truck driver put the machine right where I wanted him to put it . I used the snow blower 2 times and both times were a great success . It really saved me a lot of time and effort.This machine can be a little clunky or hard to move around , but as soon as you get used to it things are pretty good .
 I paid only $ 520 for my machine . It was a good deal . It looks great . It starts and works fine , but I have not gotten a chance to test it with real snow yet .
 We used it after we opened our pool too early and had lots of helicopters and oatmeal looking stuff fall in to create a swamp effect . This algaecide got in and turned the pool back to normal color overnight as promised . We used 1.5 cups to our 15,000 gallon pool . So there 's lots left in case we make the same mistake next year .
 Thank you so much ! We were new home buyers and needed everything for our pool . This was an all-in-one kit that was at that perfect price ! Thank you !
 Was very satified with the product arrived very fast works great ... Very easy to install I love it couldnt ask for better service
 We havent used it that much yet but when we did it worked great.It was easy to install also and didnt take much time to install .
 My dad likes to feed birds ... Has a feeder ... birdseed all around.Rats like to eat the birdseed also ... We had a large population of rats -LRB- > 5 -RRB- running around in our backyard and in the trees.A problem that bothered us for months ... Worried the neighbors would run us out of town.I could see/hear them scurrying around at night when I went out back . Lots of them ... I set out three of these bait stations . -LRB- Tomcat bait , bought by the 4 lb bucket ... cheaper that way ... check Amazon -RRB- After two weeks or so ... the problem is gone ... Found a few rodent bodies here and there.But it 's been months now and not a sound/scurry ... -LRB- I refilled the bait stations one time . -RRB- Make sure to place the bait stations in hidden , `` rat secure '' , locations ... So they are at ease when exploring.Also consider locating the bait station holes along the fence where they would run.Then forget about them for a 2 or 3 weeks ... Your rat/mice problems should be over.PS . Because of the bait station construction , it keeps the poison away from larger animalscats , skunks , possums , birds -LRB- who do n't like exploring dark holes . . -RRB- , etc.Needs a `` key '' -LRB- supplied -RRB- to open and get at the poison .
 Works as promised . Stops rats from running off with bait blocks or moving them somewhere your animals can access them at . .
 This Bait Station is of correct size to place the TomCat Rat Trap into also . It is a good quality plastic and I expect many years of use . Hopefully , once I am done `` baiting '' these vermin , I will not need to use them for years . I do reccomend this . I looked at several different qualities and makers . I am glad I chose this one .
 We feed the birds and some rats moved in . We tried to catch the rats in live traps , but all we caught was our squirrels and chipmunks , which I had to let go on a daily basis . After some research on-line we purchased a `` Motomco LTD Rat Bait Station '' and a bucket of `` Motomco LTD 31255 Rat And Mouse Killer '' . Within two weeks the problem was solved , the rats were gone . We were worried about the squirrels and chipmunks and our dog , but none of them bothered the bait station . We are quite pleased , and have moved the bait station into our detached work shop for the winter to help with mice .
 Well designed and inconspicuous . Only a rat or mouse could get through the maze to eat the bait . The bait is secured with metal rods , which prevents the rodent from carrying it outside the trap , where a pet could eat it . I placed peanut butter on the bait , which I understand is irresistible to rats and mice . It killed the rats . The problem
 The Motomco LTD Bait Station worked as advertised . My compost pile attracted rats . I tried to trap and release them but that was not sufficient . The rat bait I purchased was easy to put into the 3 bait stations I purchased which kept it away from my pets . The rats are gone now and all is quiet .
 This product arrived ahead of schedule and just in time to feed the pesky rodent . The bait was not included but I have a source that gave me some bait for my new Bai Station . This was a success to cleaning out a problem in my crawl space .
 I am an avid gardner . I have tried ` square foot gardening ' It was great , but it just never turned out like in the books . I tried the same theory with the 4x4 raised beds last spring and have have had great harvests of corn and salad greens . There 's no significant issue with weeds . It 's a lot easier to control pests.Liked it so much that I have purchased 4 of the 4x8 kits and plan to try tomatoes , cucumbers , and pumpkins next year . I have decided to try and do my entire garden this spring in raised beds.Wish me luck .
 This was so easy to put together and looks great . We got three and they were all put together in no time . I am looking forward to years of use and they are really helpful to the environment . Not only would I recommend this product to all my friends , I already have .
 This product is well built from recycled materials . It is termite proof and this was a plus for me here in the South . Hint , do n't be lazy , use the provided screws , they really are necessary . Drawback ? The cost . I would have liked to buy more but ca n't afford them .
 When you mention the `` Do n't Tread on Me '' flag from the American Revolution what you probably have in mind is the Gadsen flag , which offers a coil rattlesnake above those words on a yellow banner . There are some significant differences with this flag , which was carried by the Culpeper Minute Men who hailed from Culpeper County in Virginia -LRB- Yes , the spelling of `` Culpeper '' is correct for that locale -RRB- . In addition to the basic design of the Gadsen flag they have added Patrick Henry 's words `` Liberty or Death '' from his March 23 , 1775 speech to the Virginia House of Burgesses -LRB- the complete quotation being
 The ONLY reason I gave it 4 starts instead of 5 is that it comes folded and creased and you cant iron them out without ruining the flag .
 Arrived as pictured . I hung it on my wall and it looks very nice . The material is some kind of polyestor . Very Happy !!!!
 This flag is only one sided so its great for a wall flag but not great if you want to hang one outside in my opinion . I got what i paid for and i am impressed for the price .
 The flag 's design and size are awesome , but the fabric is a little thin for any durable usage .
 This is a big flag . I bought it to hang on a small 3 ' pole that extends diagonally off of the wall of my house . This flag is far too big for that kind of placement . It Needs to either be hung on a real , vertical flag pole or on a wall.The fabric is very very thin , but the graphics appear to be solid and durable.Give me LIBERTY or give me death .
 This is such a great product , I expected a lot less for the price ! would surely buy from this seller again !
 Ordered this for my wife , it has not been used yet but she seemed top be happy it was as described .
 What did I do before I found this product for my gardening ? I live in an area with hot , dry summers and the whole watering thing was such a burden , I did little gardening . Once I found these granules that absorb water and gradually release it into the soil , the watering has been reduced to a manageable level . A good watering will plump the granules up so they can do their job over time and relieve me from having to hold the hose endlessly.You do have to be careful not to add too much of the product and to work it well into the soil . An over-eager addition in a new vegetable garden once , followed immediately by an abundant rain , left a layer of gel on the surface , which did n't help my plantings . I learned my lesson however , and follow package directions now . This is a great product and really helps keep a lovely and fruitful garden in dry conditions . It 's also super when planting new shrubs , as they will get a better start because of the gradually released moisture . The granules in the soil last quite a long time . I have n't had to add more to my garden in three years . Highly recommended .
 I have used products like this before and found them benefical . I have been using the JRM Soil moist Granules in my potted plants and found it wonderful . I have not had to water my outside contaniner plants but 1-2 times a week -LRB- compared to once a day before -RRB- and then very little water goes a long way . I even mixed it in with the soil before laying down sod , it has worked great . just remember a little goes a long way.If you are one that forgets to water your plants then you should get this product.jwc
 I use this stuff in all my gardening now . It works wonderfully and greatly reduces the need for constant watering and creates much more stable watering for the plants . Works especially well on plants that go through a lot of water and need constant watering.I also use this stuff to create a slow release of ONA -LRB- odor neutralizing Agent -RRB- to control pesky household odors like diaper pails , etc. .
 I am a professional reflexologist and purchased this chair to use during my treatments . My clients are always amazed at how amazingly comfortable such a simple looking chairs is . This recliner provides an amazing sense of buoyancy . You feel completely cradled and supported . The head rest provides a comfortable angle for the neck . The chair is easily reclined to whatever position you desire - it will stop at any angle between fully upright and completely reclined . The only complaint I ever have from clients is that they have trouble initially reclining back into the seat . I think this is due to not realizing that you have to lean back to set the recliner in motion , because I do not have this problem when I sit in it . The chair is light weight and portable which is a plus since I move it in and out of my car and client 's houses . It is easy to move around the house , and I often carry it onto the deck to use as my outdoor chair . It is more comfortable than our sofa so I often watch TV or read in it , even though I bought it initially to just use on reflexology clients . My husband also has back problems and finds the chair extremely comfortable . Do n't let the simple appearance deter you from making the investment , or thinking that the chair is overpriced . The comfort is worth the price . It has also proven to be quite durable . I bought my chair two and a half years ago , and use it professionally , and it shows no signs of wear externally or in performance .
 I got these bladed for a friend who had trouble finding them locally . These were sent quickly and were an exact replacement for his mower . His mower is like new again .
 Very happy with this purchase . The flag is beautiful ... thick , heavy & well sewn . All the white areas are a light brown color . Some might say the antiquing is a bit overdone . I ran mine through the wash on cold with no soap , and hung it out to dry . Now it 's PERFECT ! That brightened it up just a bit . Looks great on our 1920 's bungalow .
 This product is great , however the picture displayed is of the 50 star flag so I was surprised to get the 13 star . I expected a antique flag and that is what I got . Yes the stains is a little much , but I have grown to love it and my girlfriend who the flag was for absolutely loves it.This flag is not bright and shiny but has a great feel to it . Great for bedrooms . I would recommend this flag highly .
 This flag is amazing ! The `` antique '' look is perfect ! Not overdone at all . Cotton fabric is great ! I would recommend this flag to my friends .
 this flag lives up to the standards any american would have for our flag.looks great and flys daily outside our home built in 1730
 This item was accurately described . It is made of durable high quality material . The antiquing on it is just enough . It looks great . I would recommend this to everyone .
 Flag looks like an old , smoke-stained flag from battle . Perfect for my son 's Old West Cowboy themed bedroom ! Exactly what I was looking for .
 I purchased this as an indoor flag to mount and wall hang and it is great for that . As far as the tea staining , it is over done . If you do n't think that it is over done , your home must be decorated in seriously prim accents . My home is not Americana but I wanted a Betsy Ross flag . It does not look aged but dirty . It is so tea stained I tried washing it in cold water , no detergent and it 's still very dyed . I washed it a second time with detergent and it did n't make much of a difference . I can live with it but would have liked it to not be so intense.The fact that it is sewed cloth is nice instead of a solid printed material . The cloth is thin and can be seen through it but it is n't expensive so this is not unexpected . For a wall hanging this is fine but I am not sure how long it would last outdoors.All in all the flag is a great price for real cloth as opposed to nylon and looks fantastic on my walls . It is doing exactly what I wanted it to . I am glad I bought it and would do so again .
 This is a reproduction of the first Colonial Army flag . It is very well down and sewn in heavy cotton and so hangs very properly . The seems are all doubled and mine has survived some extreme weather . The weathering from the factory is a bit much , but easily fixed . A trip through the washer with little or no soap and a hand dry makes is look used , but not just dirty .
 Flag came packaged well and arrived on time . It really looks like it 's old and once mounted -LRB- I 'm going to use it as a wall hanging -RRB- , it will be a neat piece of wall art . The only caveat is that it is not 3 X 5 , more like 25 '' x 45 '' . Otherwise , very well made and fairly heavy fabric .
 Ok folks . I bought this flag . The antiquing is a bit over done . washing it in cold with a little detergent improved its appearance . Its made very well . good weight to it and it looks beautiful outside our 19th century farmhouse . would recommend this product .
 Upon receiving this flag , I was surprised at the weight of the material . All the seams were intact , straight , and accurate . The `` aging '' of the flag is perhaps a slightly bit overdone but as I have been looking at it in my home office for the last several weeks , I have come to really appreciate the look . Someone in another review stated that it looked like an oil rag from his garage ... I have recently been in the rafters of my garage and many of the fabric contents in cardboard boxes did not look as good as this flag does . In order to remove some of the tea staining ... I suppose if you wanted to do so , you could wash it before hanging . Maybe hang it outside in windy weather to fray the edges a bit -LRB- although I believe that might take some time due to the heft and weave of the fabric ... -RRB- . I must say that I like it the way it is ... Displaying it makes me feel nostalgic and patriotic -LRB- in a local homegrown neighborly kind of way -RRB- . I really love this flag . My only wish is that a larger one -LRB- e.g. 4X6ft -RRB- was available .
 This flag is amazing . I have it hanging up in my office and it adds a nice touch of class , majesty and fortitude . It 's `` antiqued '' which means it looks old , wrinkled and dirty . Let 's face it , if you want this flag it 's because you love what it represents and that is the origin of the USA . This product captures that while still appearing as a relic . Does it look dirty - yes . Then again , what are you looking for - a gorgeous , brand new , sparkling Betsy Ross flag?I 'm a Freemason and American History is really important to me . I ca n't explain how my eyes brightened when I opened the box and pulled this out . An incredible feeling of patriotism overcame me.This `` antiqued '' design works really well and artfully displays the hard work it has been to create and sustain this country . Great product . Highly recommended .
 I have probably purchased a dozen or more fire ant poisons ... some better than others . Someone told me about this product and I tried it ... it kills 'em very efficiently . What I particularly like is that it does not require sprinkling with water after application . Just spread a small amount on the ant hill and it 's a goner.One heads up ... first go around I went through a can full of the stuff , like quick !!! Come to find out , I was using way more of the powder than is needed . Read the directions ... it will save you money !!! This stuff really works .
 We used UltraDust 2X fire ant killer before we went away for the weekend and when we returned there was no sign of the heavy fire ant infestation we left behind - nor were there any other ants or bugs ! The whole back yard was completely clear . We have pets who are in and out of the yard , and we did n't want to expose them , or ourselves , to the powder -LRB- as directed -RRB- yet we wanted to leave it in the yard for a few days because our ant problem was so bad this year . A weekend away proved to be the perfect solution . Six weeks later , still not an ant to be seen . If we get invaded again , we know just what to do !
 Happy to find this product through Amazon as our supply of this extremely effective product was depleted and has now been replenished .
 I am very impressed with this product . Follow the directions and youwill see a huge reduction in ant mounds . It does n't prevent ants frommoving in from other yards but I see about 80 % less mounds aftersecond treatment . Kills the whole mound !
 This product works well , but I do n't like the white powder everywhere.Bengel has a concentrate I 've used for years now . Its easy to use and I 'd recommend Bengal for your home and commercial pest control .
 Bengal is the only fire ant killer that works on my farm . When ever they get it at Lowe 's it sells out the first day . I have tried other products and nothing else works .
 After fighting all types of ants for several years and putting various ant killers on our soil , a friend told me about Bengal . I ordered a couple of containers and the ants disappeared . I reordered 10 more containers and the ants have almost disappeared from our land . . I am spreading this over 5 acres , but have saved back several of the 10 containers just to be ready for spring time . Easy to use , just sprinkle and go to the next ant hill . Next couple of days , the ant hills are vacant .
 Many of my friends have gone nearly insane trying to kill ants with all types of products . This one not only works , but works 100 % of the time and works within 48 to 72 hours ! REALLY!Mack
 I will have to say that this is some of the best fire ant killer I 've ever used ... however dont expect it to last for 75 mounds like advertised . I used it on about 15 mounds and it was gone . Maybe I used to much ? Anyway , it works very well !!
 As the title says it 's easy to mount , it comes with the materials you need to mount it to either an enclosed trailer or a open landscape trailer . I gove it 5 stars but I felt it was missing one key element , I chose not to mark it down because it did n't say that it had it provided but a way to cut the trimmer line would be key . I thought it needed it so much that I actually welded a razor to the bottom arm of the bracket , I may remove it and make a bracket that can clamp one down in place . Good product despite that .
 I mounted this to my enclosed trailer and it works better than I could expect , I do agree with others that it would be great if it had a cutter , however , I bought it knowing it does n't so I will not fault the product for that . I just attached one and it works just fine . Great product , highly recommended !
 This is a good rack at a good price I wish they would have put a cutter on it the line will get weak if you leave it in the sun for very long
 Easy two bolt installation on the fender of my landscape trailer . Love having the trimmer line next to the trimmer rack instead of having to dig it out of the tool box or back of the truck . I think it also adds a professional and organized look to my company . overall nice , sturdy design . 5 Star easily .
 Mounted quickly , easy to use and very convenient . Price seemed very reasonable . This is the first trailer mounted item I bought that actually has long enough bolts to go through my square tubes ! Thank you manufacturer !
 Love having holder makes it lot faster and easier to reload strong . The speedy service was also great . Will order more for other trailers
 I 've only used this shovel a few times , but I already love it ! It 's lightweight , but has a hard metal blade on the edge of its scoop to enable you to chip through ice . Its scoop is of a suitable size . The twisting action of its handle takes a little getting used to , but is fine . I stand at just over 6 feet , and barely have to bend at all to use this shovel . -LRB- You can adjust the length of the main handle . -RRB- It 's so much easier on your back and legs than a regular shovel . And it does disassemble into two pieces in seconds , enabling you to shorten and store it easily . I keep it in the trunk of my car . UPDATE May 2009
 Great shovel . It will be great on my back this winter . It was super easy to put together .
 This a review of SnoEasy ergonomic snow shovel , not SnoVivor Kit.It 's a wonderful ergonomic , lightweight snow shovel . it makes shoveling easy , eliminating the need to bend the back or the knees . I 've owned it for many years to my satisfaction , except for a few con 's , below.Pros -- Easy dumping . I 've looked at other ergo-shovels out there and the Sno-Easy remains in my opinion the most ergonomically-designed shovel . the reason
 The belt is all I could ask for . It is still running and I have had no problems . Will buy again if needed .
 White Outdoor 8.5 HP Tecumseh Two Stage Snow Thrower # 31AH6GLF790The one thing nice about the machine is the day we received it the snow stopped . Likes good for the winter of 2008 . It was delivered on time & was easy to track on the way to Oregon .
 Will be perfect for our property ! Exactly what we expected , arrived fast . Would purchase again if we needed more signs .
 This is a kit to make your own address marker . The plate & adhesive numbers are good quality and highly reflective . My hints to using this item are to -LRB- 1 -RRB- cut around the numbers , leaving the paper backing on -LRB- 2 -RRB- lay them out the way you want the sign to look when it 's attached -LRB- 3 -RRB- peel the backing off slowly & use a ruler to help line each number up straight . My sign turned out quite well .
 I Love the Sign now UPS and Emergency people can find our House.Thank-You , Rhonda McElroy
 This was just what we were looking for and was delivered by the date promised .
 Highly recommend ... easy to install , in no time at all I had the bright reflective sign i had been looking for .
 Good quality sign , but numbers were flimsy and difficult to place on sign . The `` 4 '' in particular tore very easily . I think the numbers should have been a heavier paper . Once up , the sign is very reflective and looks good .
 Has all pieces necessary for great visibility . You will be happy . It is effective . Combine with balloons . You will be glad you bought his kit .
 I have used this twice now . I found it to be cheaper on amazon then at the hardware store for the same item . The arrows are nice the sign works well . You will still need a larger road sign to get your potential customers heading your way but then these work great for guiding them in.The prices are easy to use but I just wish they had a few more in the higher price point .
 This pulls out the rhizomous weeds and leaves the grass mostly intact . Medium wet earth works best , and parched dry earth works the worst . The wheels help in a number of ways to make it easier on legs and back . I do 10 x 10 foot sections , usually only one in a day . It 's still more tiring than leaf raking on a cool fall day.The handle must be purchased separately , and can be used with other attachments .
 I was almost shocked by how much thatch this tool removed from my lawn , several bushels from just a few hundred sq feet on a lawn that looked pretty good . The wheels make the back and forth effort fairly easy , although you do expend some energy when going through the thickest turf . The tines dig in just below the surface , to remove stolens and thatch , without uprooting the grass plants . It will occasionally pull out an isolated clump of good grass , but for the most part , it removes only the brown , thatchy stuff . Where it does not work well is on very uneven areas , where it sometimes wo n't be able to reach the `` valleys '' in the middle because the wheels keep the tines at a constant height from side to side . In this areas , I just use a metal rake to scratch out what this tool misses , which is not much , to be sure . I find this tool works well with dry to slightly moist soil , but may uproot too aggressively when the soil is wet from a recent rain or watering if you are not watching what you are doing .
 This belt is great ! It is the perfect size to fit on my 95 '' MTD Yard Machine 46 inch cut 18.5 hp mower . I had a hard time finding the right one , but this one is it ! Happy Mowing ! Ca n't beat the price either ! ADDED
 Found this belt purchase to be the least expensive option around . Even with shipping charges , saved $ . Return time after ordering was good too .
 Filter is simple , helps keep water clear , requires only occasional maintenance -LRB- clean the filter -RRB- . This is my second one - the other one died after years of service .
 Shake Away works great , but once it rains it had to go down again . This guard helps keep it lasting much longer ! Highly recommend both products .
 This review is of the sauna and manufacturer , not this merchant , as I purchased mine from a membership warehouse -LRB- begins with C , great place -RRB- almost 18 months ago and could n't be happier . I 'm so happy I decided review it here as well since I just came across the listing on Amazon and am surprised to see no reviews yet , especially as it 's a great sauna . It was fairly easy to put together , I built it in the basement which has a level cement floor -LRB- a level floor is key -RRB- . The best of both worlds , dry heat as hot as one likes with a very powerful heater and a fantastic steam sauna by pouring water on the rocks . I also like that the wood comes from the USA and the heater from Finland so I 'm not worried about toxic chemicals . In my mind far superior to ceramic infrared saunas as it offers both dry & steam options , and still like new after 18 months of use several times a week , great quality materials , looks as good and works as well as a 5 * hotel sauna . The only downside compared to a ceramic infrared is that the floor does n't warm up much as the heat source is slightly above the floor . I wanted a few more rocks and the company sent them to me at no cost with a minimal shipping charge . You may get the CEO when you call -- I did ! -- seems to be a well run small USA company with superb service . Inside 2 people can lay down , 4 can sit comfortably but you 'll need to be friends . If you want to stretch out all the way or have more elbow room get the longer models . No problem with headroom , it feels much more spacious once you 're inside than it looks from the outside . Note that the interior length is a bit shorter than the 6 ' as there are several inches of overhang on either end -LRB- I have the 5 ' model so it 's not quite as deep as I 'd like inside , if I bought again I 'd go for the 6 ' or longer ; the height is good even on mine , almost 6 ' inside and feels like more , one only loses the thickness of the cedar -RRB- .
 Flowers were very fresh , shipping was fast and I received more flowers than I ordered for the same price . Melissa 's said I will receive 40-50 count flowers but I received about 70 . I am very happy with their services
 I purchased two of these belts for my Troybilt Chipper . I installed one and it works great . Not too loose , not too tight . It 's appears to have good workmanship -LRB- as much as can be said for a pulley belt -RRB- . All in all , it was a good price for a good belt .
 This is not a fancy or exotic product , but when you need a belt that fits and functions properly this is the one to purchase .
 I 'll start by stating that I am very mechanically inclined and do the maintenance on my cars and mowers . Having said that , when the belt on my mower got trashed after many years of service , I just ordered the parts and replaced them . Once I got the numbers from the owners manual , I was pleasantly surprised that Amazon had a direct exchange made by Oregon . Goes without saying , these were more cost effective that the ones made by MTD by about 30 % . The belt seems to be the right dimension -LRB- length -RRB- but it is not quite right , perhaps 1/2 inch or so too short and it causes the mower to creep while in neutral . This problem has lessened over time -LRB- the belt has stretched -RRB- but it was quite a nuisance for a month or so . Also , when trying to stop the mower to reverse , it would be very hard because the belt would not completely disengage , again , because it was a tad too short . This problem too has somewhat gone away . I expect as the summer gets going and the mowings get intense , the belt will work just fine.I wish I had known this from the beginning , I probably would have still purchased it however I would have known what to expect.The belt seems well made , just like the OEMs.Update - End of SummerWell , although the belt did stretch a bit , it did not do so enough to completely disengage when in neutral . If the gear selector is on `` Zero or Park '' and the Fwd or Rev is engaged , the mower will creep . I am going to have to remove the belt and get an OEM to replace it . I need to be able to disengage the engine and switch from Forward to Reverse without grinding the differential axle gears . The savings this time did not pay off .
 the quality is excelllent , the ball was made out of heavy glass which make it durble.i would tell anybody that was looking for one to look in amazon that there quality of there are tops
 This was the cheapest replacement belt for an item that is no longer stocked . The belt was an exact fit and works as well as the original , which lasted ten years . Great service and delivery .
 LOL think these wear more than the shelf I 'm putting on them ... . they ate sturdy to say the least ... . have n't put em up yet so will have to get back to tell you how tey work
 I purchased this filter as a replacement filter on the 13.5 hp Sears riding mower . It fits perfectly and is much less expensive than the original . Quality and look appear to be exactly the same as the original . I am very happy with it .
 Bought this as a replacement filter for my Sears 30 '' riding mower . The filter fits perfectly into the Briggs and Stratton filter holder , and the prefilter is also a perfect fit . There 's not too much else I can say , except the Amazon price was the best , no sales tax , and delivery was quick . If you need this filter , Amazon is the place to get it .
 An exact fit and works fine . Priced right as well . Hard to find in stores without ordering and waiting &#62; This came within a few days of ordering - faster than ordering locally and waiting 2 weeks .
 I could not find this filter for my lawnmower anywhere so I checked on Amazon and there it was . I 'm VERY satisfied with this product .
 Original Briggs & Stratton filter . Change often to keep dust out of the internal parts , includes debris screen . Not many choices on this , John Deere sells another version that fits the same housing I think , at least they do on the next size up .
 I bought this filter to replace the one on my DR B&S 13HP brush hog field mower . Fits perfect and when buying a couple oil filters comes with fast free shipping . I will be buying more as needed .
 they are air filters for a lawn mower , arrived in a timely manner , were the correct ones
 First , I would buy one again , and I recommend it to others . It seems fragile , but it works great . This is a strange product
 You must purchase this item with the 40248 7000 watt generator if you plan to wire the generator into your home circuits due to the ground fault interupt built into the generator . It is really just a specialized breaker box . The cost is excessive for what you get and you have to buy it which is a rip off . All the breakers are 15 amp . Most homes these days are wired for 20 amp service . Since you have to rewire all circuits run by the generator permanently to this new breaker box you are de-rating all of these circuits form 20 amp to 15 amp . The number of cicuits in the new box may be less than many people would like to run on the generator .
 I think this is one of the greatest things around . Finally we can get back at the flies and moquitoes ... I love it !!! I have bought several more for friends and neighbors .
 We have had an infestation of pantry moths and regular flyswatters just were n't cutting it . We got one of these and now our pantry moths are meeting their deaths on a daily basis . This bug zapper has definite advantages over a flyswatter . You can zap the bugs out of the air ; you do n't have to wait until they land . It should be noted though , if they do land , you ca n't smash the bugs like with a flyswatter . You have to place the zapper over the bug and move the edge up to the bug until they fly into the zapper . The bug dies on the zapper and you do n't have a nasty bug smear on the wall to clean up ! The Zapper also requires a two button press so it ca n't really go off accidentally -LRB- good if you have curious children . -RRB- These work great against the aforementioned moths as well as flies . My husband also used it to kill a cricket that was invading our living room , but I admit I was too squeamish to watch that particular execution . This is a great bug killer . The only reason I left off a star is because this is our second Zapper - the first just died after about six months . So I do n't think they are very durable , and for that , I left off a star . However , for the price , I do n't mind replacing this twice a year , and I will continue to do so until every bug is gone !
 My wife and I have tried several of these electric bug swatters . The other ones did n't work , but this one is great . Yes , it only stuns the yellow jackets we use it on , and then you have to step on them -LRB- see a review for this product that did n't like it -RRB- . However , it is really ergonomic , easy to use , safe -LRB- you have to press two buttons -RRB- , well made , and works great . It is also fun to use , if you do n't mind killing insects . Since yellow jackets would kill me if they could -LRB- and have tried -RRB- , I am OK in killing them . I think flyswatters might be better for flies , but this thing is wonderful for yellow jackets or wasps .
 Ca n't find these particular gloves just anywhere so when I do , I get all I can . I work outside in the winter and like warm hands !!
 I purchased this product based on a recommendation from the seller . I was looking at a more expensive product but the seller recommended this less expensive version - which works great . Thank you ! Good ` old fashioned ' service .
 This is a Christmas present so has n't been used yet but did receive it in good shape and fast .
 Its a charcoal grill shaped like a football . Pretty simple . It works as well as any other grill .
 Increased my flow of water again . Fit right inside with no issues . Great for the price . I would recommend to anyone . .
 Exact manufactorer replacement impeller for my Pondmaster Model 7 pond pump . My original impeller is still going strong , even though last week the pump stopped working because it needed a good cleaning . Since the impeller is the only moving part , that made me think that it would be a good idea to pick up a spare for that just in case moment , especially for the price . It is a lot cheaper than replacing the entire pump .
 No complaints about the part . Why are some things cheaper from Big Al 's directly and others are cheaper through Amazon ?
 This Hot Air Balloon looks like the real deal . I bought it as a decoration for my son 's bedroom , -LRB- space/sky theme -RRB- . It looks amazing hanging from the ceiling . Take note of the size . It will definitely get your attention ! I have placed little action figures in it to stimulate the imagination . Every time I look at it I wish that I had one growing up .
 I have always had a fascination with hot air balloons . When I was a little girl my brother took me to see the movie Around the World in 80 days and I have loved seeing these wonderful creations in the sky. ; Some day I may even be able to take a ride in one .
 I purchased this balloon to be used as a visual display showcasing a Hot Air Balloon ride that I donated for a local charity ... it worked out well ...
 I tried to find this type of item for months before I located it on Amazon . You ca n't find this in the stores .
 This simple stainless steel wood chip holder is the best purchase I 've made in quite a while . I easily converted my Weber gas BBQ into a slow cook smoker . I simply removed the one Weber `` flavorizer '' bar that sat immediately above the front gas element , bent a coat hanger to create a cradle that this stainless steel smoker box sits in so it 's positioned directly above the gas element . Fill the box with chips , and with the front element on `` low , '' I can slow cook/smoke steaks , fish , ribs , you name it . The best eating I 've had in years !
 purchased this cover because it is an original replacement cover . looks great very happy!Would buy another when i need one .
 My family has always been very serious about grillin ' . Right before I went to College , my dad bought a beautiful stainless steel grill from Grill Masters of Texas . Along with the grill came some surgical steel utensils with rosewood handles -LRB- only way to go , in my opinion -RRB- . One of the included utensils was a meat hook . We had never seen one before and did n't think much of it at the time . This simple utensil became my very favorite , and my dad 's too . It 's an all-you-need-at-the-grill type tool . He loved it so much that he had someone make a matching left handed hook . -LRB- they are left and right handed -RRB- . I bought this one for my father-in-law . Warning ... Check the dimensions , this thing is huge . Because of this it is perfect for flipping and picking up that thick steak . I recommend it for any grill master or aspiring grill master . I am currently purchasing one for myself and one for my dad . He 'll appreciate the larger size.Bottom Line
 I bought this product and was pleasantly suprised , after reading the previous negative review ... it is a high quality product now . Maybe the company reads and heeds the reviews . It is a great way to cook small veggies and other foods on the grill . . I use it for soemthing almost every time I grill .
 Fish basket is sturdy . Large size great for grilling whole fish . Removable handle is great because you can close the grill completely . I do use it and am happy with it .
 This product is beautifically crafted and sounds wonderful . Great product . Shipping was more than expected but the product was packaged with tremendous care .
 I injected 20 turkey breasts and 6 turkeys for Thanksgiving . Over the past years , I have worn my wrist out injecting with the 4 oz . injectors . This year I was able to inject the turkeys in a third the time and inject more marinade to create the best turkeys ever ! The only problem I had was the filter clogging by the black pepper in the marinade . After I removed the filter , I was able to inject the creole butter marinade . If you inject meats , this is a must have !
 I use one of these pumps every weekend at competition barbecues so I know how good the pumps are . My purpose of this post is to say how amazed I was with the ordering process with both Amazon , and the supplier Butcher & Packer Supply Co.Four hours after ordering and specifying standard shipping I received a `` has been shipped '' notice from Butcher & Packer Supply Co. , and forty-eight hours later it was in my house.I 've ordered a lot of stuff from Amazon and have always had good service , but this one deserves special mention .
 Find this pump very useful in my koi ponds . Bought two as a matter of fact . Love the various heads that came with them . Does not float at all .
 Our American Legion Post uses these for our Memorial Day Avenue of Flags and have done so for many years now , we just keep adding flags and poles . I ordered three of these , two are identical and real heavy gauge poles , but the third one is much lighter gauge steel , still a good buy , but I would prefer all to be the same heavier gauge . All have the same model number and identical packaging .
 Weird , but made just like a real stop sign . My granddaughter loves all animals , so she will hang it on her wall for fun .
 I was expecting something cheesy and cute , but I was very impressed ! This sign has a sturdy weight on par with a `` real '' road sign and the lines are very crisp and professional . I 'm tempted to buy another one for my office . It might be my screen settings , but the actual sign was `` caution sign yellow '' rather than neon yellow - a plus .
 Where else are you going to find a sloth xing sign ? Product came exactly as the seller described , the material it 's made out of is nice and strong . It was maybe a little overpriced , but still . . if you need a sloth sign , this is probably one of the few places to go . Shipped fast too , which is always nice .
 If you love real BBQ , then you will love this smoker ! If you hate having to deal with charcoal or gas , then you will love this smoker ! If you have better things to do with you time than sit around and tend a firebox while your meat smokes , then you will love this smoker!It 's a simple as putting in 2-4oz of your favorite smoking wood , closing the door , setting the temp , and walking away . What comes out in the end is the most delicious Q that you have ever tasted . You REALLY have to mess things up just to get meat that is only `` good '' . Unlike many of the other smokers on the market , the SmokinTex is a sealed smoker . There is only a small vent hole at the top and a drip hole in the bottom . There are no vents to adjust and no dampers to close . The only thing that you close is the door.This is a small smoker , but you can cook a lot of meat in this puppy . It is advertised as having a 33lb capacity , but it all depends on what cuts of meat that you are smoking.I contacted SmokinTex customer service a couple of times and they were quick to respond and very helpful.The warranty is just as good as the `` other brand '' of smoker in its class , but the price ca n't be beat.If you love BBQ , this one is a must have !
 I got this fence to keep the dog out of the garden . It is high enough so that he ca n't jump over it . It 's pretty too ! Just do n't order it through Amazon . The shipping cost is insane . Also , I ordered 2 lengths of fence , and 1 of them was broke . I ordered 11 lengths from Menards , and every one was perfect , shipping cost was much more reasonable , and they got here in the same amount of time .
 Very nice fence and it was delivered in a reasonable amount of time . The price was very good .
 Not much to add to the title . It works , lowers the PH as advertised . Does n't take much , a capful or two in our spa usually does the trick . Then very little if any until the water is changed . Convenient size for storage and handling .
 THIS SMALL GRID DESIGN IS PERFECT FOR THOSE FLEAS WITH PETS AND BASEMENT SEWERSFINALLY A WAY TO DEFEND AGAINST THE SUPER SMALL PESTS
 For my purposes , I like the fine , close together wire vs. large mesh -LRB- Small bugs just fly right through the large stuff & I do n't care about killing June bugs -RRB- . I use the product indoors in an animal room , or in the kitchen . It works wonderfully for fruit flies & other small , pesky flies.As one reviewer said , why would you want to attract outdoor insects from the surrounding areas?As far as cleaning goes , I ca n't see that a blow dryer would work , but an air compressor does the job nicely.My complaints about it are that it 's only available seasonally & is difficult to find even then , & that one of mine lasted less than a year & quit zapping the bugs , & the other 's plastic hanging top broke under its own weight.I like the other reviewer 's idea for zapping fleas : -RRB-
 I have bought a pair , and they work well.It only happens to be a little difficult to clean .
 We purchased this fence at a much cheaper rate through an Ace Hardware store . It was easy to set up and install , in fact I completed installation of the fence around my yard without assistance in under 10 minutes .
 Purchased from Ace hardware and the installation was super easy . Fenced my wife 's vegetable garden to keep my dogs out . The gate was little bit pricey but for the price , it was worth it . This fence works with small to medium dogs and is very decorative .
 This whole package was a very practical and economic solution when living in an apartment because I ca n't install permanent fencing . While technically `` temporary '' the fencing is sturdy and does n't look like it 's something that can easily be ripped out by kids - like my previous scalloped wire fencing did . I found the prices to be similar to what I later found locally at a Garden Center and I would have preferred to purchase locally just to avoid the wait .
 I had a few pieces of this from a discount overstock-type store . Liked the look but wanted one more piece to complete the section . Nicely made for the money .
 I seen articles on this type of seed so I thought I would purchase it and give it a whirl.I will be planting a few seeds this spring .
 After college I moved back home for a few months before getting my own place . It was totally a sitcom setup in that I lived in my mom 's basement - but the mice and spiders down there were not funny at all . I did n't really mind the mice running around every now and then , but when one got under the covers with me , I had enough . I went to a local brick & mortar store and bought all kinds of different traps , deterrents , etc to try to get them out or trap them without harming the critters -LRB- Mom would n't have it -RRB- . I bought a single two-pack of these things and immediately after I plugged the first one in , I saw two mice immediately come out of their hiding spot and scurry to the unfinished part of the basement . Having one in my bedroom and one in the bathroom in the basement was enough for me , but Mom 's husband was so impressed that he bought about a dozen more for the rest of the basement -LRB- lots of separate rooms -RRB- and the garage.Definitely read the tips and suggestions - they will only work if there is a large , open space so put this in an outlet that has a `` full view '' of the room . Each room will need it 's own , and a very large room -LRB- like a two-bay garage -RRB- will need two or three.We put these up about three years ago and there has n't been a mouse in the basement since !
 I wont pretend that this device is more humane than posions or bug lights -LSB- though I suspect that it is , and also safer for humans -RSB- . Nonetheless , it really does work . I 've installed the repeller in a small 5X6 bathroom . Recently I unplugged it by accident , and it was only the influx of bugs in the bathroom -LSB- there is an open window in there -RSB- that alerted me that the repeller had become undone . In other words , a silent , effective way to control pests .
 I recently moved into a house , and was seeing spiders and centipedes on a regular basis , so I decided to buy these to see if I could get rid of them . I 've been using these for about 3 weeks in various rooms of the house , and have n't seen a bug since . I have to say that they really seem to be doing what they 're supposed to . I have used similar products like this in the past -LRB- not from Black and Decker -RRB- , and have also found them to work , so I believe that this technology actually works well for getting rid of pests .
 I 'm sorry but this thing has worked in my room . My breaking point was when I found a massive roach in my bed , well , half of it on my bed and the rest on my upper back ... I had nasty spiders and mice over-running the place but ever since I installed it , I have n't seen any . I do , however , see them in other rooms , but not one in mine .
 I definitely need one in each room . We have one in each of the two bedrooms , the living room and the kitchen . The only room I still see roaches in is the bathroom . I guess I should get one for that room , as well ... We definitely used to see big I 'm - gonna-eat-your-baby roaches , and I have n't seen one since we put these in . However ... . we were just moving in and had been ripping cabinets and flooring out , so they may have only surfaced due to our mild construction -- which happened to end right about the time I put these in.Final verdict ? Eh , circumstantial evidence says `` they seem to work . ''
 I bought a two pack years ago when I had a severe rat problem in my basement that finally made its way to my bedroom wall . At the time I did n't know how bad the problem was and I ended up having the exterminator come . I gave up on the sonic rodent repeller and just started having the exterminator come on a regular basis . So the other night I was laying in bed just about to turn the lights out -LRB- only 2 months since the last time the exterminator was out -RRB- and I heard that horrible noise ... . scratch , scratch , squeek , squeek ... UGH !!! I turned out the light and tried to go to sleep hoping it had been my imagination . I had just about nodded off when I heard it again . There 's really no one you can call at midnight so I went on a hunt for this thing thinking it probably wo n't work but what else can I do ?? I plugged it into an outlet in my bedroom and I have n't heard a scratch or a squeek since . It 's possible that it 's a coincidence since I probably still have bate in the basement that they could have gotten into , but I 'm not unplugging it until after the exterminator has been here next week !!!!
 I bought this for my Dad as he was complaining about the spiders in his apartment . After a couple of weeks , he noticed he was n't seeing anymore .
 dissuade our local Wolf Spiders from hanging out in our homes . Went from seeing 5-6 of these jumping , fast , huge , scary , twig looking creatures a day to zero within a few days of plugging them in . The trick may be in having the right amount per square footage . Not sure . But theyve always met our needs .
 So far so good . I guess that means it works Update to my review . I actually saw a mouse in my kitchen and jumped up on my desk screaming . The mouse was scared and froze right at the door area where the kitchen meets the dining room . I foolishly threw desk items to scare the mouse away and he wouldnt budge . I was risking that mouse running out if the kitchen into the rest of the house . I truely believe he did n't run because the pest repellant was plugged into that particular wall . I was told the plug runs the legnth of the wall like a force field . After an hour of sitting on my desk throwing a half dozen things past it , i remained calm and the mouse verry slowly went back the way he came in . Having a mouse sucks but I was releived to know the problem never left the kitchen area till the problem was resolved . Until I have pets again , I will have these things in my various wall outlets . IT IS MY OPINION THAT IF USED CORRECTLY THIS ITEM WORKS GREAT
 Sorry to see the other poor reviews of this product , because we think this is the best thing since sliced bread ! We bought four of these pest repellers and found that they kill all the flies and spiders in the house . We have lots of plants that are breeding grounds for fruit flies ; this product disrupts their teeny little lives , and no sooner are some hatched than they disappear . We have to vacuum up the dead house flies and spiders periodically , and we have Black & Decker to thank ! I 'm buying more -- for the rest of the house and garage and for gifts !
 The originals I had did the job and no more mice after a day . Bought this model as my older ones are slowly failing one by one after 5yrs of service . I would only say that when I first starting uses these sonic products , the mice just went to another part of my condo until I plastered it all over the place - one in each room and two in the larger rooms . Total Units
 We had tried trapping the mice in our town home , but I hated that , so we purchased two of these , and with in a few weeks the mice were gone and as an added bonus we did n't see any more spiders either -LRB- which were always hanging around ! -RRB- :-RRB- It was great !
 We were having problems with mice in our college dorm room , and none of us wanted to use traps and have to deal with dead mice , so I decided to try the pest repeller . The piles of mice droppings have disappeared , and although my roommate says that every once in a while she sees a mouse , the mouse sightings have definitely gone down a lot . Other rooms in our building may still have mice , but they are no longer setting up headquarters in our room . I would highly recommend this product ; it 's silent , unobstrusive , and it works , or at least helps .
 I bought this a couple years ago & it 's the best thing I could have done . Before I bought these plugs I had bad bug problems in my bedroom . At one point my room was infested with flying ants and centipedes . I would find a spider every week . Now , 2 years later , I barely see more than 1 spider a month and have n't seen a centipede in several months . I 'm completely terrified of most bugs so this product has been a godsend .
 Last night I plugged the item in and sure enough those pesky gnats are no longer in their morning gathering areas . It may still be a little early for praises , but Glory be to God for the individual who thought of this Non Toxic alternative way of keeping pesky evil doer 's out of the neutral fly zones ... ha . I live in a small place and was at my wits end thinking I would have to cover everything and move out a few nights after the fogging genicide occured . NOW I 'm praising the Lord our God !!! This is a great alternative and now I do n't have to move or cover or clean every surface after fogging ... Can you tell I 'm more psyched than a tasty Fillet at IIIForks = -RRB-
 I used to buy mouse traps wholesale because we used so many in our basement -LRB- live right by a huge natural preserve -RRB- . I had my doubts about this product , but let me tell you , they work . Within a week all the traps I had set were not sprung . At first I had forgotten that I had installed these devices , and then a light went on in my head ... the mouse device work ! 6 months later , no mice .
 I am spider phobic , so I am very thankful to have these devices in my home ! They really seem to work . We have a house in the middle of a field and have lots of spiders outside , but never see one inside . I am sure I have the plug in repellers to thank !
 I have ordered 12 of these of all sizes they offer ! They keep spiders , mice and bugs away ! They work for me and my mom ! I highly recommend these to all ! I have one in every room !
 I have a very modest mobile home `` country retreat '' which I visit every couple of weeks to escape the city . For the past five or six years during the times I 'm not there I plug these things into almost every outlet in every room . Since using them I have had zero mice/rats and zero bugs . Before using them I would invariably find mouse poop and bugs throughout the place . I am convinced that they work , but you have to have enough of them to pass a critical threshold level . I also use several different kinds from different makers , etc. which probably emit a wider range of varying frequencies than using just one type .
 Ok , so it was the last straw when I saw a spider roaming my closet ceiling and a creepy crawler with many legs take a stroll across my bathroom floor out of the shower grate . I placed a 3 pack of these handy little units , that look like a small glade plug-in all around . However , better than a plug-in or night light ... I have not seen an unwanted visitor in the last 3 months I have had these handy little devices . Awesome value for the money and very effective ! I have them here and there all over the house . It 's not to say that I have bugs , However lets face it , we live one with nature , but let 's keep nature outside , not in our bed . If I wanted to go camping I 'd load the SUV and hit the mountain 's . This is the suburbs ... bugs have no place in the home with you and your kids ! Get your 's today !
 I bought 2 jasmine plants from the 9GREENBOX people and was 2times pleased . First thing ... I contacted them and told them if at all possible could they get the plants to me as soon as they possible . With plants shipping is not an exact science as far as postal services go . The ad they have said about two weeks to be safe . These nice people went out of their way to get it to me in a few days , AT NO EXTRA COST . . WOW . Second , the plants are babies and came in beautiful shape even after sitting in my mail box in Arizona heat for one whole day . -LRB- I could not get to my mail area any sooner -RRB- . The plants were wrapped in wet paper as well as wet soil . They had been traveling for days at this point but looked like they came from next store . Talk about pride of owner ship or even better how about `` the product speaks for itself '' ... . WOW :-RRB- If you need plants or garden STUFF this is absolutely the place to go . Thank you 9GREENBOX and thanks to you Amazon for having them as a vendor . A very happy planter , VoyceofJoyce
 plants in good condition when i received them and they are doing well , but they have still not bloomed and i have had them planted for 4 months .
 I ordered 2 of the Pink Jasmine Plant - -LRB- Jasminum polyanthum -RRB- from Hirt 's Gardens on September 18 , 2012 and they arrived 3 days later on September 21 . The two plants arrived in good condition with foam peanuts for protection.The 2 plants are quite small in their 4 '' plastic containers . -LRB- But at least , I paid $ 4.29 for each of them , plus the shipping and handling . In the Fall , it seems that nurseries sometimes drop their prices . -RRB- The first plant is 4 '' high and 5 '' wide and it has a bunch of tiny little leaves . . The second plant is both 6 '' high and wide.Plants appear to be just out of their starter packs . Plants will probably take a while to mature and flower . ~ ~ ~ Here 's how to grow it . It includes information from the webpage here .1 . Give sun to partial shade .2 . Needs regular watering .3 . Plant is hardy to Zones 8-11 . It can tolerate temperatures as low as 20 F . In the warmer zones , this grows fast and may be invasive .4 . This plant needs cool night temperatures to flower . -LRB- Other jasmines are the opposite . Other jasmines need warm temperatures to flower and they do not tolerate cool/cold temperatures . -RRB-
 The plant was shipped very carefully and it is in very good shape and very healthy . I am getting more branches coming up and it is grwoing very well . I cann ' t wait to see it blooming in spring.Thanks
 My plant arrived well-packaged and promptly . It was quite healthy looking and doubled in size within a week . I 've even gotten a little flower bud on top already , but it has yet to bloom . Overall , I 'm very pleased with it .
 This is a great starter plant . It arrived already in a small pot . It is not big like the picture shows it is a small plant without any blooms yet . When I bought it I was under the impression -LRB- by photos -RRB- it was already going to have flowers . So now I am waiting for it to get bigger and to finally bloom .
 We are very pleased with the plants shipped by this company . The order was executed promptly with care and instructions . The Plants arrived in very good condition and plants are now putting out new leaves which means they are healthy . Excellent ! Company to deal with .
 I use this unit in my basement on a high shelf , with its small companion units located closer to the floor . This very easy to use little device has kept away those anoying little spiders , ants and silverfish . Something none of us like to talk about , but lets face it , We live in the world with bugs and animals . However , get some of these around the house and save tons on calling in the bug doctor . These Ultasonic units have really kept the pests outside where they belong ! Great value ! Fantastic item . Works over time , not over night !
 I do n't like the item because it consist of 2 pieces
 Plain and simple - very effective . I plugged this device in to the wall in my office in a school . Within seconds the roaches in our kitchen area ran into the hallway . They have not been seen since . There have not been any mouse droppings around either .
 We had a serious mouse infestation of our cabin 4 years ago . The mice were too smart for electronic and manual traps ; we tried poison but not only is it a horrible way for mice to die , their carcasses can remain hidden , rotting , and stinking for a couple of years -LRB- been there , done that -RRB- . We put one of these little wonders in the crawl space under our cabin and one in the kitchen . No mice until this Summer . Checked under the cabin and that unit had died after running 24/7/365 for 4 years . We always turn the kitchen one off whenever we are in the cabin -LRB- weekends -RRB- and on , when we leave ; it is still running strong . The only place we saw a few mouse droppings this Summer was in the guest bedroom . The mice had simply found an entry point further away from the kitchen ! Am buying another one for under the cabin and an extra for the guest room just to thoroughly discourage them . I can not fathom why these would n't work unless you had the switch set on insects instead of rodents , or unless the mice are different in different parts of the country.Signed , Happy to share the environment with mice , just not my bed , pantry , and toilet paper .
 i purchased the `` Black & Decker EX900-A-TP1 Ultrasonic Pest Repeller -LRB- XL Room -RRB- '' because we had some roof damage from a storm a while back and a pair of squerrels moved in to the ceiling . 24 hours after pluging this unit in they where gone.the only drawback is the unit emits a constant `` chirping '' sound . it can be quight annoying . but efective none the less . the chirping is less noticeable on the `` insect '' setting tho im not sure this setting would work for `` rodents '' . all in all quight pleased .
 Well i am aragnophobic so i got this and it works pretty well . there are two settings for bugs and rodents . i am using the setting for bugs , it makes very little , irregular noise but you hardly hear it . I am using it for about a month and only once there was a spider in my room . Though it was just on the wall above the machine .
 Preliminary review.I 've been using this for about a week . I bought it because i was having a SERIOUS problem with wasps , hornets , and large mosquitoes flying into my garage for the 60 seconds a day that I have it opened . It became a joke ... except the laughing stopped once i walked into my garage to put in a load of laundry and I was cornered -LRB- literally -RRB- by an enormous yellow jacket who was deciding where he was going to sting me.I decided at that point that something had to be done.I bought this B&D ; XL bug repeller . It just works . It even cleared the area directly in front of my open garage door . No bugs -LRB- even flies -RRB- , even though it 's the middle of summer . Even at night with a bright garage light.I 'm very pleased.The only wasp I found inside the garage was one who was walking on the ground near the open threshold of the garage door . It was walking in circles like it was drunk . I actually scooped it up in a jar and released it out in the yard . It was not able to fly until I moved around the corner from where the speaker was . When it did fly , it was away from the garage -LRB- they always used to fly TOWARD the open garage -RRB- . I 'm impressed , and will be buying another.I do n't have a rodent problem ... so I ca n't comment on that aspect . I use the `` pest '' setting , the one described for bugs . The quiet ticking does n't bother me at all . -LSB- ... -RSB- UPDATE : The performance of this product was so effective on bugs in my garage , I bought another for my front entranceway . I set it across the front room , facing my front door . Every time I open the front door at night , bugs that were swirling around front porch light immediately disperse . Outstanding product.As for people who say it does n't work on spiders ... well spiders do n't have ears . They `` hear '' with hairs on their legs and body . This ability varies GREATLY between species of spiders . If you have a spider problem , you need to be using TRAPS -LRB- made by Victor and sold here on Amazon -RRB- . I 'm tired of reading about people complaining that this product is ineffective on spiders . It 's tantamount to complaining that their dog whistle does n't work on a dog with no hearing . Be realistic , folks !
 I had packrats in my garage , and heard they will eventually eat the wiring on your car . My friend Greg gave me the unit and I plugged it in . I no longer had to sweep out the tell-tale signs of pack-rats . Gone ! I used to use what I thought were mothballs but they were really urinal cakes!I think I smelled something sweet from my neighbors house , and I think that was the exterminator spraying . Two beetles -LRB- not roaches , and they were both different -RRB- walked across my patio , but SLOW . I ran in , of course . After I plugged in the B&D ; outside , there were no more bugs even passing by . not even a moth!Still All I can say is I am very happy . The gekkos wo n't be , though !
 My story is this
 Purchased and installed -LRB- plugged it in -RRB- on our outside covered porch which was infested with several species of house spiders -LRB- crab , wolf , small web floaters , etc. -RRB- . I had cleaned up all egg casings that I could find and vacuumed all visible webs the first of September . Since plugging this little devil in two weeks ago , I have not seen any new webs or crawling spiders within an eight foot range of its location against the inside wall . Garden spiders still crawl across the farthest outside screen , but our problem with dozens of webs against the inside wall near the sliding doors has been eliminated . Instructions state that some species will adapt to the ultrasonic range and may take up new residence . So far , that has not happened . I am very pleased with this piece of technology .
 I heat my home with a corn stove , and so storing corn in a small 1-car garage , and living in a rural area is asking for trouble with the little furry critters . So I 'm constantly battling mice , and chipmunks chewing holes in my corn bags , and generally making a mess with droppings , etc.To sum it up ... I 've been using this unit for approximately 2 months , and I 've not seen a mouse or chipmunk since placing this in the garage . I 've even tested it 's effectiveness by placing a couple of mousetraps loaded with peanut butter , and trust me . . if there were to be a mouse around , they 'd have set those off , and they are still undisturbed . It 's a great unit that works for me !!
 This pest repeller works great in my attic repelling squirrels . The squirrels have broken in three times and are gone within 15 minutes . I would not use this inside the house because it does make a constant chirp sound . I ca n't hear this noise in the attic , so I will buy another when this wears out .
 We have a really bad bug problem -LRB- inherited with the trailer when we got it -RRB- - these things do work - no bugs in my sisters or mothers houses anymore , but we do still have bugs . We do move the 2 units around as recommended - bugs can get use to them . Also stuff in your house can absorb the noise making them less effective - we are wall to wall stuff with 3 kids in a tiny trailer . To effectively do our trailer would take 8 - 10 units . Bugs that we do see are easier to catch and seem disoriented . These buzzers are best used in wide open spaces with minor to middling bug problems . The spiders and beetles and moths have totally disappered though . Our dog hates the things when we move one over by her bed . So , these units need to be moved every 2-4 weeks . You need multiple units - 1 for every 200 sq. ft. at least - if you have lots of furniture or smaller rooms , then more - they do n't work through walls or furniture . You need at least one for every room that you have a problem . It takes 2 - 3 weeks to really start to see results . Works better if you have fewer bugs - for a really bad bug problem - use in conjunction with other solutions .
 We were reluctant to buy this product because of some bad reviews we read about it , but we are really glad we decided to buy it ! So far we have not seen one single bug or rodent or spider around ! And believe me , we live in a `` mountainy '' area so we used to see them around all the time in our garage . I have not seen them ever since we bought this product . It is working for us !
 Does it work ? I 'm not entirely sure , but it 's a good placebo . I rarely get any pests on my floor -LRB- 15th floor -RRB- , but I decided to get this when I heard a mouse in the middle of the night trying to get in the trash . I do from time to time see mice in the room , but they run for it when they do come in , so perhaps it 's working.PROS + Extra power outlet on the unit itself so that it does n't hog an outlet + A night-light feature with two selectable colors -LRB- red & green -RRB- + Simple , unobtrusive design + Provides user with a peace of mindCONSNone , as I can not fairly judge its effectiveness .
 We have had one of the wettest springs on Record here in Denver and the insect problem was becoming almost unbearable . I also leave the glass off my security door so my dog can go in and outside as he pleases . Well the bugs , ants , spiders were doing the same . Every morning I wake up I see several spiders crawling around . I installed these around the house on Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday morning I saw ZERO ! In addition I have mosquitoes and moths that fly in all the time through the back door . I usually wake up with a couple of mosquito bites . Now ZERO Moths and mosquitoes ! and not mosquito bites over the last 2 nights . Maybe its too soon to really evaluate these devices since I just got them but the stark and dramatic difference was so noticeable I had to write a review . Time will tell in the long run I guess . But so far so good .
 These repellers work great ! Maybe results vary in different parts of the country . Or , maybe there is a conspiracy among professional exterminators to give these products a bad name . But , they work great a my house . I use them on my patio to keep spiders and webs away . There is a definite radius around each device where the spiders wo n't go . I recently removed them while I painted my house , the spiders soon began making webs near where the repellers had been . I highly recommend trying these repellers for yourself to see if they work in your particular situation .
 I just wanted to respond to the one-star review because it really `` bugged '' me . No , seriously
 I have purchased several of the over the years as part of an invention of mine . They work well .
 I have had this hose pot for nearly 10 years and it still looks great ! Yes , you have to drill holes in the bottom if you want the water to drain out - I think they did that in case you did n't want holes in it . Easier to make holes than to unmake them . There are places to punch out for the holes , so if you do n't have a drill , you could use a screwdriver . -LRB- I drilled mine -RRB- . It 's lightweight so it 's easy to move . I like the clean , modern look of it and it wo n't break like pottery .
 my mom asked for something like this for moms day , and this was the only one i could find in stores or on internet ... i thought it was a little lightweight for such high price , but maybe it 'll last forever ... mom loves it !
 Garden hose bucket works . This one is a bit LIGHT so I put some bricks in the center to keep it weighted down .
 Nice hose pot . However , did n't receive the flower pot lid . Contacted the vendor and was never contacted . Box was mangled when it arrived .
 I actually use this as a pot for my plants and think this is a great product , whether using it as a hose container or not !
 In my experience , this product is appropriate for any plant that likes slightly acidic soil . The product arrived in a sealed container with a small scoop . I expect the 3-pound package to last me practically forever . Overall , I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 We live in the country , and to be expected have had rodent problems . About 10 years ago I tried the electronic pest control and have been VERY pleased with the results . We use this model in the garages , and have had virtually no mouse or rat problems since . My father-in-law had a bass boat in one garage , parked , not used for 15 years , and when he sold it about 3 months ago , there were no signs of any rodents in it anywhere , because of these controllers . We also use to have a bat problem at our front door and after strategically placing one of these they no longer use our front door to hunt and poop , and the porch stays clean . I highly recommend these units , they work as advertised .
 I used a B&D EX900-A-TP1 till it died and I know that worked as it was once turned off in the garage and I had the spring loaded traps still set along the walls ... sure enough caught one . I then ended up buying this new EP1100-A as a replacement and have n't had a problem either . Keeps the rodents out of the garage and prevents them from creating havoc on the cars .
 This unit is the best thing I have found for keeping rodents and bugs out of our camp or an outdoor shed . This is an audible sound unit so you turn it off while occupying the space and turn it on when you leave . I use no pesticides and I have no bugs or rodents !
 Hello , This is about my 8th purchase of this repeller as other RV-er Friends keep asking me to get them one too ! We find ... it works . Have not even seen a spider or an ant ... or a mouse or anything other things that should n't be in the house ! The Price not so great and I would search elsewhere as the price use to be @ $ 40-ish . We have tried other brands and plug-ins and they DO N'T work ... for us .
 We use these in a second home -LRB- small ranch -RRB- , kitchen , barn and tool shed . They seem to work fine in the house , no roaches or mice , but even this wo n't deter the rats from corn and grain in the barn . I guess they can tolerate it for a good meal . Otherwise they do their job . I do n't care about the noise because it is only on when we are not there . I think they may even deter a burglar since they sound so creepy .
 It works great ! We have had consistent problems for years now with deer mice in our upstairs loft . Bought one of these and have had it turned on for a couple months now - and no mice . None . Not one . We 'd have emptied at least five or ten out of traps by now -LRB- as they come in when the weather gets cold -RRB- without this magical gadget.Make no mistake - it is loud . You do n't want to buy this for an area where you 're going to be spending a lot of time having to listen to it . But my guess is even running it overnight will do you a lot more good than not having one.Seriously , just so happy not to have to keep replacing chewed-up bathmats , pillowcases and other materials that these critters have routinely destroyed - and happy as well not to have to be needlessly killing them . Would buy this again like a shot .
 I have installed it in the attic , cranked full blast for 4 days and then switched it to medium power . It really works . No more chipmunks rolling nuts in the attic .
 Have not seen any mice since installing the unit ... Time will tell but so far they are doing their jobs
 We have a fairly large barn with a portion of it made into my husband 's man-cave/music room/train room - for the last 5 months it has been a constant battle to keep the squirrels from trampling all over Lionelville , leaving droppings on the guitar amp , and otherwise making his retreat less than desirable . We tried a couple of other varieties of ultrasonic pest repellers and they basically laughed at us . With some trepidation I chunked out the money for this fellow and set it up one morning . I immediately fled the room because , yes , it 's loud , and somewhat annoying - which is kinda the point . Since that day we 've moved it a couple of times and not only have there been no squirrels in the room there have been no squirrels in the outside barn portion either - nor in the trees overhanging the barn . It 's just that loud , and annoying . Not to worry , I know exactly where the squirrels are and I expect my neighbors will be ordering one of these soon . I rarely give reviews but that 's because products rarely live up to their hype - this one does .
 During the winter months , the rodents come marching in . I 've tried everything from poison to traps . But they just seem to keep coming in . So I purchase this unit and it emits a loud pitch noise . It is very loud and I would not recommend using this if you 're using the camper or even using this indoors of your home . But does a great job for small vacant places . Unless you 're a heavy sleeper ... this will definitely keep you up at night . Bottom line ... the mice have vacated the premises from day one in my camper . Perfect for that use .
 I have used this electronic pest repeller in my hunting camp -LRB- in the middle of the woods -RRB- and in my barn . The devices are on timers and set on full power for rodents . I use multiple devices in the barn due to it 's size and one in each room at the hunting camp . I disconnect them when I 'm there . Prior to using these electronic repellers I consistantly had problems with rodents -LRB- mice and rats -RRB- getting in the buildings , especially during the winter . I no longer have ANY problems with mice or rats . I had previously tried the smaller units with little success . Do n't waste your money on smaller , direct plug in units for rodents , they just are not powerful enough . You will have to use these FULL SIZE XL UNITS set on `` rodent '' and `` loud '' to work effectively , so you will want turn them off when you are there . I use timers to help keep the rodents from `` getting used to the noise '' -LRB- if in fact that does happen -RRB- . Since we do n't have any roaches at either location , I would have to guess that it works for them too .
 I have read few negative reviews here and they do n't look very convincing . We had problem in our attic with flying squirrels and I actually saw them few times so I know what it was for sure . They drove my wife and me crazy running inside of the roof and chewing through walls . It was one of the most stressful experiences in our house . Nothing worked and one time I locked one critter in the roof by patching a hole so we had an awful smell for a month until it dried out . I tried traps , sprayed etc.Finally I put an electric outlet in the attic and bought the B&D ; unit at local store . Since the first day for last 6 months nothing is coming to our attic . Simply a miracle.Less than $ 40 bought us a peaceful home . I know the exterminators or contractors would cost fortune . Someone I know spend over $ 5000 on them -LRB- catching and sealing the attic -RRB- . I still have fairly large holes that will easy let in even larger critters . Instead just enjoy total silence.I hope this will help someone and there is no risk in buying since you can always return it if it does n't work . It was my last resort and hopefully really lasting solution . I use lowest setting for rodents since higher settings make too much noise . It still works great!Best regards .
 Before purchasing the Black & Decker pest repeller , I had done quite a bit of research regarding other products currently out in the market . It seemed that this one had a consistently positive review , and I liked what others commented about the product . I purchased the Black & decker for my sister-in-law who had mice problems . The black & decker has two settings
 We have a huge problem with squirrels chewing the wiring harnesses in our new vehicles . A Chevrolet dealer told me that GM uses wiring that has a sort of vegetable oil in the wiring insulation . This coating attracts rodents especially during the colder winter months when the vehicle can provide shelter and a food source.We put one of these inside the vehicle 's engine compartment and ran an extension cord out the front grill . When we get home we plug the vehicle in and this has prevented the rodents from chewing the wires . First time cost me $ 2800 bucks second time I found the wiring harness at a junk yard . There will not be a 3rd time thanks to this device !!!
 I used to have my fair share of roach visitations here in Tennessee when the weather gets humid , and mice would also want to tour my winter estate -LRB- apartment -RRB- when the weather was too chilly for Mickey to want to sleep outside . Not wanting to kill anything , I opted to try this sonic repellent from Black and Decker . Well , after having the item plugged in and running non-stop for more than 3 years , I 've been very pleased with its performance.There is an audible noise , but honestly , while I can hear it when I 'm sitting right next to it -LRB- it 's under my computer desk -RRB- , it does n't bother me . I have two dogs -LRB- one large , and one medium-sized -RRB- , and neither of them appear to have any trouble even falling asleep by my feet when I 'm working on my desktop for long periods of time . I do n't own any cats , so I 'm not sure how feline 's would respond , but for the time being , it 's good.I did not purchase this unit on Amazon , but did buy one from Home Depot . I did want to share my satisfaction with the product , and put dog owners ' minds to ease in the event any of you are worried your dogs would react negatively to it . A reviewer below mentioned a neighbor 's dog , living below them , seemed to have a bad reaction , but I 'm not too sure the frequency travels through walls . In addition , my two dogs -LRB- with seemingly super sonic hearing -RRB- have never seemed bothered by this piece . Keeping this plugged in the same surge protector my computer and monitor are plugged into does not produce noise through my studio monitors , and my computer runs fine.I would definitely buy another one , and would also gladly recommend this to anyone that does not like killing insects or other animals , or they just do n't like using pesticides.Hope this review helps ,
 Ok , so if you ca n't stand those pesky bugs and spiders that seem to come into your basement and home out of no where , then this item is for you . It is safer than sprays , traps and stinky pesticides . The unit is very easy to use , just plug in and set to your liking . I would say that after 60 days , 90 percent of your unwanted friends seem to be gone . This is not the 100 percent cure-all , but I have to say this is the best thing thus far in keeping better control of the unwanted bugs , spiders and creepy crawlers . I have one unit in my 1,800 sq ft. basement and it seems to do the job . Try it ! You ca n't beat the price ! as for roach control , I could n't say because I do n't have those , but I 'm sure it would drive them bonkers too !
 Good product but not excellent . It controls pests for the most part . If cockroaches make it into the house they become weak & slow enough that we can dispose of them swiftly since they are not in good shape due to the nagging ultrasound of this product to escape , same applies to flies but unfortunately not to mosquitos . So far no rodent intrusion since we bought our first device of this kind , since then we have two others which speaks about our satisfaction with this product . The first one went to our basement where it is @ full volume & it is noisy but we are only @ the basement occassionally so it is tolerable . The other two are @ different ends of the house itself @ mid volume which humans do not hear unless real close to this device & if so it is not bothersome . Our house is a modest 1800 square feet one & we needed 3 of these devices so the manufacturer 's claim that one covers a 2000 square feet house did not apply to us .
 I bought this to get rid of the squirrels that take up residence in my attic every winter . The thought of traps -LRB- and having to `` off '' them once I caught them -RRB- was not appealing . I 've heard a few squirrels in the attic since installing it , but they do n't stay long , so I hope they get the message and do n't come back . The device is smaller than it looks in the picture , a little bigger than a soda can . It has three sound levels , and all but the quietest do make noise . We can not hear it on the medium setting in the house though unless it is very quiet . So far I am very happy with it .
 We bought this to keep mice out of our RV ... have n't seen one in 2 months ... bonus , have n't seen any spiders either , always a problem . Did n't know this would have any affect on spiders , but I think it does . It is n't quiet ! Keep that in mind , and you wo n't be surprised when you turn it on . About the volume of a box fan on medium .
 No matter how clean and food-free we tried to keep our loft , no matter how many traps and poison we used , the mice just kept coming . In desperation we tried this product , and to our great surprise and delight - since we installed one at each end of our loft - we have n't seen any !
 I got this device on 7/1/11 and installed it in my garage immediately.I have it set to rodents and high . I do n't hear a sound-no high pitched sounds or internal sounds . Are we humans supposed to hear any sounds ? Maybe B and D got the bugs out of this machine.No complaints so far-very easy to set up and install.I use it primarily for mice .
 This repeller worked for us . You ca n't leave it on because the creatures get used to it.In Five minutes the squirrels leave the roof . the mice leave the house , the flying squirrels left the attic . I 'm so glad there 's something that leaves no poisons , dead animals , does n't seem to bother our pet birds.etc . Yes , it would be even better if someone comes up with something humans ca n't hear
 I have used one in my screened in porch for 3 years to repel mice , tree roaches , wasp etc. . . It works wonderful . I moved it to my hot tub outdoor room
 These devices are now protecting us from the vicious , wild , man-eating , North American RAT!Not to mention his little cousin the mini mighty mouse.Thanks for a great job .
 I bought more of these as they work so well . I do n't use chemicals and use these instead .
 It 's being used in the garage so the sound that it makes occasionally is not an issue . It 's also been every effective in ridding and keeping the garage clear of pests , altho once or twice baby geckos have gotten past it . Guess nothing is 100 % . But I 'd say this one is 95 %
 The home we purchased had been unoccupied for 2 years and the squirrels were well established in the attic . We have had to set the repeller on it 's loudest setting to run the pests off . I can hear the noise within our living space and it is annoying but less so than the squirrels .
 This one little item has kept my garage free from mice for the last Two years . If you have antique cars , this is a MUST .
 I got this a week ago , which was very good due to the fact that the temperature dropped significantly the last few nights and the new tenants who do n't pay rent , showed up in the attic again.I followed the directions for the EP1100-A and they were gone very quickly . In fact that night and have not returned.This device emits sounds that can be heard by humans too . Thank goodness we do n't hear the full ultrasonic frequencies.so it 's not meant for a place where you or your Gerbals might be living.This is very well made . It looks like a commercial product.My family are very pleased .
 Mice travel in packs so if you see 1 , you have 7-10 more . This device works best in preventing them from settling into your warm home . So first , set traditional traps to get rid of the pack ... keep setting traps until no more are caught . Remember , the small mice can sometimes eat around the trap . Once they are all gone , set this SONIC DEVICE on LOUD every time you leave . I set mine in the basement on a shelf touching the ceiling closest to the earth where they would enter under kitchen window . The LOUD setting is very loud and annoys them preventing them from selecting your home . Squirrels and racoons are trickier ... again if they have already settled in , I suggest getting them trapped/removed and then using this DEVICE as a deterrant to prevent nest building .
 This ultrasonic pest repeller seems to really work against mice and bats . I have one in our barn and another in our garage . I set it to the loudest setting and people wo n't want to be near it . The last unit I bought does not seem to be as loud as earlier ones and while this may make it a tad bit less objectionable to people , it might mean it is not as effective against pests either .
 The product worked at the middle setting to rid our attic of squirrels . The low setting did not fix the problem and the high setting was too loud for us to sleep . We tried the smaller , plug in products offered in the big box stores and in my opinion they do not work so this is product to go with for sure .
 We purchased this because we had mice in our walls . We live in a townhouse complex and the adjacent unit has been empty for months . The mice were having a field day . After putting this in the attic on medium , the mice have gone away . We ca n't hear it either from anywhere in our place .
 Installed two of these units at the cottage and have not seen any signs of mice since.It is now fall and normally the traps would be full of mice .
 I bought this item a couple of years ago from Home Depot . It rid our attic of flying squirrels . I bought another recently from Amazon.com for mice and invertebrates in the garage . I have not seen any more mice and have observed flying insects to do a 180 when entering the garage . There are less crawling insects and other invertebrates also . I use it on dual mode , high volume in the attic and on dual mode , medium volume in garage . I think this product works great .
 After two weeks it worked on roaches at my friend 's house and two weeks to rid my house of fruit flies by 99 % now i 'm out to get the white flies in my green house . I keep running the unit to maintain a bug free environment .
 My husband and I have a little `` friend '' that likes to chew on the drywall behind our dishwasher . Since our landlord is of little help , we bought this to take care of the scratching during the night . We have not heard our friend in the wall since we plugged in the repeller . Just a heads up - the loud setting is really loud !
 I bought this a while back when I thought I had `` visitors '' in the basement , I only had to use it for a few days then had to turn it off because the noise can be annoying even if its in the basement . Few days ago , I heard some scurrying and decided to turn it on . I only placed the volume to medium and the setting for insects and rodents , well the next night my `` visitor/s '' were still downstairs , so I decided to play around with the settings , changed it to rodents and turned the volume up . For 2 days now , I have ` nt heard anything and even noticed the fruit flies are gone !!! The noise can be kinda annoying , specially since my ears are sensitive to high pitched tone , -LRB- but I guess thats what its supposed to do , drive those pesky rodents away with high pitched tone -RRB- so I am going to set this on timer for when Im at work and turn it off right before I go to bed .
 First , let 's clarify that this device would not be practical to use while you are present where it is being used . We find it very effective when used at full sound and on the highest setting but that would be an impossible noise for someone to live around . However , we use it to keep critters away when we are gone.We own two vacation cottages in a rural area . No matter how much we have tried to keep mice and chipmunks out they still manage to get inside during the winter when the houses are closed up . We use one of these on the loudest and highest settings in our open floorplan , and it works very well at each house - no problem with critters setting up in the winters since we started using these.This year we purchased another one because we stored our car in the garage for five months during the winter while we were away . The garage is separate from the house and has lots of small ways for mice and chipmunks to get inside . We already had mice nested in the garage . We wanted to be sure they did not mess with the car . So , we placed our new one of these devises on its loudest setting and ran it for 2 days . The mice moved out and we stored our car for the winter and kept the device on full force over the winter . It worked perfectly - no critters took up winter residence in the garage this year and the car was fine .
 You should only buy this if you have a serious mouse/rodent problem . Our office building has a severe mice infestation , and nothing else worked . We used several of those un-audible devices but they made no difference . Only this unit set on high keeps the mice away . The sound is VERY audible at this setting . -LRB- Even for our neighboring office -RRB- . We only put it on when we leave the office for the day . Have n't seen any mouse droppings in the morning since then.I would n't recommend this device for home usage . Since even the lowest setting is somewhat audible . But for any tough job ... this is the be -LRB- a -RRB- st !
 My problem WAS roaches . I use it at my office several months ago , just at night and during weekends and holidays because I do not like the idea of keeping ultrasound waves around me . Plain and easy
 This item fit perfectly and seems better quality than the original equipment that came with my MTD tractor . This took about ah hour to figure out how to install but once in it was perfect .
 Ordered this belt as a replacement for my 2003 White Outdoor riding mower . This is a great belt so far , it appears to be sturdier than the Original that came with the mower .
 This lighter comes adjusted with a small maximum flame for safety reasons but can easily be readjusted for a larger flame . Loosen the small set screw on the side of the flame adjustment knob . Notice the marks on the bottom of the knob for correct orientation . Remove the knob . Turn the fluted shaft very slightly -LRB- 1 detent -RRB- counterclockwise . Replace the knob , test , and repeat until you get the size flame you want . Be careful , this lighter can shoot out a six inch flame . The fluid should be full when this is done to prevent over adjusting . This is a very dangerous product but quite useful for lighting candles and lanterns .
 What I hate about most household lighters is how flimsy and cheaply made they are . To be honest I am a bit of a worrywart and I am very uncomfortable with throwing the disposable lighters away for fear of starting a fire . Scoff if you like but it 's not out of the realm of possibility.What I love about this Zippo household lighter is how durable and long lasting it is . I do n't have to throw it away , just refill it . It 's of a metal design , not plastic and has a very convenient safety function -LRB- you have to depress a button on the underside of the lighter while flicking the switch on the upper side with your thumb -RRB- . While it might not be as versatile , the extension of the flame from your hand is only about 4 or 5 inches , the quality is light years ahead of the plastic brands .
 I have a larger version of this Zippo lighter that is probably 5 or 6 years old and had the same problem . The solution was to remove the adjusting knob by pulling straight back and replace it in a slightly different position.This new lighter is different in that it has a stop that is made of brass . This is a small brash washer with nub that rests against one of two stops molded into the end piece that the adjustment knob sits in . If you remove the black adjustment knob you will find a fluted brass tube that surrounds the gas filler tube . Grasp the black adjustment knob firmly and pull it out of the end piece or shroud . I take my thumb nail and pry the knob up a bit to get it started . Once you remove the knob you will find the fluted brass tube that adjusts the flame . At the bottom of that fluted tube you will find the brass washer with the nub probably resting against one of the stops . On mine there were 2 very small rubber O rings that hold the brass washer down . Using a very small screw driver I pried the 2 O rings off which gave me access to the brass washer . This is also fluted and slides over the brass tube . Taking a small , thin screwdriver I was able to pry this washer up and off the brass tube . This was a slightly tedious process and took time . At this point you could probably toss the washer , reassemble the adjustment mechanism and have an overly adjustable lighter . I chose , however , to reinstall the brass washer but rotate it a few flutes which , after reassembling , made the lighter vastly more adjustable but still within limits . After placing the brash washer I had some trouble getting the O rings back on but inserting both jaws of a needle nose pliers I was easily able to stretch them over the brass tube and push them down over the washer.I hope this helps and my instructions are not too awkward . It was a bit of a tedious process but very doable and resulted in having a lighter that is much more adjustable and able to throw a several inch long flame.Jim
 I was having problems with this lighter not lighting/very small flame until I pulled off the knob and broke the flame height safety device by accident.Would someone please explain more clearly how to adjust the flame height without breaking anything ? When you pull of the black knob , there are two screws beneath it and two metallic curbs that restrict the range of adjustment on the flame via a small nubbin at the base of the filling spout . I kept trying to move the nubbin but I think I did something that caused the nubbin to break off . So now I can get a super tall flame and turn the black knob around and around . I worry it 's not as safe now . I did n't mean to break the nubbin . How was I suppose to adjust the flame height without breaking the nubbin?Also , what does the screw on the outside of the black knob do ?
 Had been disappointed with every lighter like this I 'd ever bought ... This one was the exception.Sturdy construction ... feels and performs worthy of wearing the name `` Zippo `` Only criticism of the unit : The ignition switch is a little awkward to use and requires you to hold the unit far closer to the end where the flame comes out than I 'd like . So say if you 're trying to light of of those tall prayer candles which has burned three quarters of the way down , you 'll find it difficult to light it with this lighter . -LRB- * note - `` difficult '' , not impossible -RRB- .
 I had the same problem as other reviewers with the small flame and difficulty lighting . Fixed the problem by pulling off the adjustment knob , turning the adjustment shaft till it lit easy and had a healthy flame , then replacing the knob . Now it works like it should .
 I received this belt whicg was an exact match for John Deere OEM and I had my mower up and running in no time . Oregon products have never failed to match perfectly regardless of the OEM it has replaced .
 The money I saved on these belts more than paid for the shipping . I expect not to have to replace these belts for a while
 This belt is a good value . It looks and works like the orginial John Deere belt that you would buy from a John Deere dealer and is cheaper in price .
 Bought this feeder years ago because nothing else worked . No more squirrels . They now sit under it hoping for leftovers . They do not even try anymore .
 The bird feeder confused my birds at first , but now they 're enjoying it as much as the previous ones . Sadly , I have n't had a chance to see a squirrel get spun around , but I 'm sure I will soon enough . This looks to be a great way to keep the birds happy & fed , without feeding the community squirrels as well .
 Bought `` Grillfloss '' about twpo months go . Have given it a good workout on Weber natural gas / stainless grated grill . Does a great job cleaning top and bottom of grates . Also find brass brush helps , as well . Combo does thorough job . Very pleased ... innovative and functional .
 This is a wonderful product . I am so glad I purchased it . It does a great job of cleaning my grill . I plan to purchase several for Christmas presents this year .
 I use this on my Weber grill ; what a terrific tool ! It 's so simple and it makes cleaning your grill very easy . Requires changing of the `` blade '' every so often , but if you grill a lot , you NEED this tool , it will save you a lot of time .
 There ca n't be a better designed and operating grill cleaner than the Grillfloss . It does exactly what the title says ... it flosses the bars of the grill grate . There 's a dual size cleaning head which perfectly fits the size of my Weber . Two swipes -LRB- one forward , and one back after turning the handle a half-turn -RRB- and ALL of the crust and build-up is GONE . I could not improve on this if I tried . It 's worth the money , BRAVO
 Grill owners this is one tool that you have to have . This tool cleans the gunk off of your grill easily . I used to have to completely take my grills out of the BBQ and scrape them off on the ground and that was not as effective as using this tool . I could never get my grill as clean as I would like it to be . With tool you can clean the funky junk off the top and bottom of the grill . Highly recommended !
 Hubby loves his grill floss and uses it on his Webber and Big Green Egg !
 I bought this for my husband , the grill master , for xmas and he loved it.It cleaned very well and was easy to use .
 I had it for few months and works great . My grill is built-in BBQ Guys and floss size fits nicely . It 's built well , great idea .
 Length :
 Purchased for my husband to use on our Weber S-470 Grill which has stainless steel grates . He loves the Grillfloss , it 's very sturdy and does a marvelous job of cleaning all sides of the grates . We ordered a replacement cleaning head for the Grillfloss to have on hand if/when the blades dull . The Grillfloss will only work on grill grates that have circular rods . Highly recommend .
 I have seen this tool in operation and it works as advertised . But , until the price goes down , I ca n't bring myself to spend almost $ 24.00 for $ 2.00 worth of stainless steel . When the price drops , I 'll be the first one to buy it .
 I ordered and received a Powderpuff Bonsai starter plant from Hirt 's Gardens . The plant was carefully packaged and arrived in great condition . It was well branched and surprisingly attractive . I really was impressed , especially considering that the plant is so unique and was reasonably priced . I 've had the plant for only a few days but am pleased with it so far . I expect it will make an excellent and unusual bonsai .
 I received this plant , it arrived fully leafed out but within a few days every leaf fell off . Unfortunately I ordered it in the winter and I think it just went into shock . The seller was great though , they promptly refunded the purchase price and shipping charges to me , hence the 5 star rating ! You ca n't ask for better ! I would not hesitate to buy from this seller again .
 I have been using this birdbath on the twisted single stand for several years . It did take the birds a while to start using it , so be patient . I also have plants underneath the birdbath and have never had a problem . Unfortunately , as I was putting it away for the winter today , I dropped and broke the glass bowl , so I was very excited to see that the bowl is sold separately . I am ordering it immediately .
 This double bird bath is beautiful . We purchased the Achla stand separately . It is not wimpy - stands up well to the high winds that we 've encountered . The bird bath duo is unique - not another one like it in the neighborhood . However , I have n't noticed any birds bathing in it yet !
 This is a good product . I found that it helps to drive a sheet metal screw from the distal end of the downspout into the plastic splash block to not only keep the angle correct , but to keep the block in place when gardeners come around .
 As others have stated , these seem a bit flimsy . But they 're plastic , so that 's to be expected I guess . I ca n't imagine them blowing away , but I would n't attach them to the downspouts as has been suggested . Because if they do go airborne , you do n't want them taking the spouts with them.The finish is fairly realistic and will probably become more so once they weather . Or they may fade . I do n't know . But they look fine as is and they do the job . They fit well with my landscape and they 're tucked in places I do n't see anyway , so once the newness wears off I expect them to become invisible.All in all a nice item at a fair price .
 This is an easy to use rain gauge that works exactly as you expect it would . The nicest feature is the separate mounting bracket . Once you have secured it in place , you can easily remove the gauge , take a reading , and just as easily replace it . I like it because you can bring the gauge right up to eye level.Alas , this gauge suffers from the same problem as all others that I know of ... allowing it to remain out below freezing with water in the gauge means certain damage . I 'm on my fourth , but I 've been using them for years , and they 're cheap enough . Someday I 'll find a gauge that is freeze proof , but until then this will do .
 I bought one of these to stick in my kitchen because we had some mouse droppings showing up , and baited it with peanut butter . It catches mice every time I empty it and rebait it ! Usually 2 at once . The door mechanism is ingenious ! Unfortunately , once you have 2 mice , they like to block the doors to prevent more from entering . I put a little water dish and some nesting material inside so they can sleep in the trap all day until I have time to release them far away after work.I 'm questioning the whole live trap thing , though , because getting rid of living mice is much harder than dead ones . I 'd seriously consider a covered snap trap instead as a clean and quick method . I caught 2 mice last night , and now one of them has given birth in the trap ... It 's below freezing outside - what do I do now ?
 The fan does a great job moving lots of air . Seems sturdy and well build.Would have loved the slow speed to be a lot slower , so you could run it more quietly for less background air-noise .
 I have had one of these for many years under the name Lasko whirlwind 3530 . It moves air like nothing else it 's size and weight . I was disappointed that Lasko stopped marketing them . I tried other makes and different Lasko models with less that dismal results.I was pleased to find that this remarkable powerful fan is now marketed as the Air King 9530 . I just purchased two in August 2011 . Update December 2012
 I was disappointed to see the other reviews of this product . I purchased it without reading any reviews and I 've had no problems with it . I used it to check the temp of lemon curd . It 's accurate and works fine . After reading the other reviews , I tried it on ice water and did n't have any problems . I do love the display . The big numbers are nice . It also has a nice feel in your hand .
 This is my first instant read thermometer , so I have nothing to compare it to . It does serve my purposes well , however . The usual sadistic packaging .
 Exceeds expections ! Great product , easy to use , easy to clean . So much nicer than the ones w / cords attached . I would buy this again .
 All the books will tell you you can learn how done the meat is by feel . Maybe true but I ca n't . Do n't really care when it comes to beef ; for me , the rarer the better . But with pork and poultry , I am a little skeeved if it is underdone . So I got this little gizmo and worry no more . It turns on very quickly , the numbers are large and easy to see . Wish the read out could light up as I usually use this when grilling and it 's usually dark out , but being the BBQ dork that I am , I wear a head light to see the meat anyways . Ca n't comment on battery life as I have n't had to replace it and it was pretty heavily used this past summer . It 's oval so it wo n't roll around . It is n't instead-read but it 's pretty darn quick . Just stick it in and wait for it to settle on a temp . I should n't have to say it but it 's plastic and is n't meant to stay in the grill or oven as your protein cooks . It would be super cool if you could tell it what meat you are probing so it could tell you what temperature you are shooting for . I would buy this again if I broke it or lost it .
 I have had this item for about a month and a half . It works wonderfully and I use it almost every day !
 I 've had this thermometer for about five years and it has worked fine except for the temp read is not as fast as I would like , but it 's OK . It finally stopped working recently . Just had to replace the battery and it works again . Battery replacement is not intuitive , but thanks to review by B. Hooke it was pretty simple . I could not find anything on the Taylor web site about battery replacement . They should fix that .
 The Taylor 508 is very fast and accurate , not to mention reasonably priced . We have had one for years . I did find that after I dropped in salt water , it never worked again . My wife suggested I not do that again . . This is an exact replacement . Thank goodness it arrived quickly .
 I was shocked to see the rating and the reviews.I have had this for several years , I literally use it 3-5 times a day to check water temps in the prep of Japanese green teas which are temperamental . It is more reliable than many other units out there and FASTER in side by side testing . I have not had to replace the battery yet.I tested it again today after purchasing Taylor Classic digital which is a piece of crap by comparison.I am contemplating buying another one , and just bought the coordinating timer , a testament to its design as well .
 I have used this for about two years , I leave it outside year round on my BBQ underneath the BBQ cover . It has always started up fine and gives out reasonable readings . Sometimes you do have to check a couple of different places to double check your results , but it is real handy to make sure your food is done . The battery lasted about 2 years and I just swapped it , BTW it is a CR2032 and to get to it you need to peel back the grey bottom plastic to get to a small phillips screw . Could n't find that info anywhere . Looking forward to another 2 years of neglecting this thing outdoors while it continues to serve me .
 I had this thermometer for several years and loved it even though it took a few seconds to register the temperature . Then the battery failed , and I found the directions for accessing the battery compartment so vague that I destroyed it while trying to change the battery .
 While it 's not really `` instant , '' this is a handy and fairly accurate thermometer . It 's easy to use , easy to read , easy to clean , etc. . I used to use a candy thermometer to test meat temperature -- this is quite a step up !
 A good product at a good price if they ship one that works ... first one shipped failed to work , but service was fast and trouble free ... final one did work and I 'm happy with the product . It does exactly what it is suppose to do ... and was priced fairly
 Nice little paper trimmer , but you ca n't fit a 8.5 x11 sheet longways . It 's just for small stuff . The feet really grip the surface , and the clear smudge guard holds the paper down for a nice straight cut . It 's a Fiskars , so hopefully the blade will stay sharp a long time ; their scissors sure do .
 I make a lot of Art trading cards . When I got tired of measuring and cutting by hand over & over , I tried this out & love it . For small cutting it is fast & efficient . Also I do n't get the torn edges with this guillotine cutter that I get with my mat cutter if the blade is not at perfect sharpness .
 Bought this to trim lots of small pieces of paper so they had straight edges instead of ` scissor cut ' edges . Very nice , works very well .
 I purchased this to cut various card stock , label , and paper items that I print as inserts with customer orders for my small business . It 's nice and sharp and makes cutting multiple items on a sheet quick and easy . The small size makes it easy to store , too . Definitely recommend for anyone who needs a trimmer at home .
 I bought this mini cutter to have something for papers , did n't want a huge one due to space and also having kids in the house -LRB- didnt want anything too dangerous like the guillotine one i grew up with in the house . -RRB- This is small , but if you are using it for smaller projects around the house it 's great . You ca n't really cut multiple pages , it 's only good for one sheet of cardstock at a time or two sheets of copy paper . But it does the trick . Blade has kept sharp for a few years now , and it 's holding up well !
 I bought this for my wife and her coupons , and it 's been almost a year and she loves it . It 's the right size to put away easily , but enough to cut her coupons .
 This is my 2nd one . I let my dau-in-law use my 1st . She liked it so much , I let her keep it , but I ca n't do w/o it so I bo ' t myself another .
 I 've been wanting one of these for a while to compliment my Xtrasun Reflector , and I am quite pleased so far with it 's performance . It 's great having the switchable feature and light output is awesome ! I prefer the magnetic ballast since `` stealth '' is not a concern , but this model is fairly quiet . The power usage is comparable to a digital 1000w ballast I have and in my honest opinion this ballast FAR surpasses the digital in reliability , which is a BIG concern if used on a rigid schedule . I will be investing in another one of these soon . The only issue I had was a minor one , with the packaging . The box seemed a little `` flimsy '' for the weight of the unit , but KUDOS to UPS for delivering it without a scratch , as always ! I 've never had to deal with customer service at Xtrasun , and though I am sure they are nice folks , that is a good thing . Well worth the investment
 I got the new style that dose not require an $ 10 adapter for other types of hoods . It has two different outputs to pick from . It gets very hot . So hot I could not hold my hand on it . I mounted a PC cooling fan to the back side and that cooled it very well .
 I love all clayworks products , especially wall hangings ... The color is brillant and vibrant . This piece looks great on the wall in my bathroom ... Absolutely beautiful . .
 hon chair is believebal.strong , comportable , I was very satisfied.espically , you choose about shipping merit .
 I accidently broke the globe that was on a garden angel statue given to us when my mother-in-law passed away . This beautiful globe fits perfectly and looks absolutely wonderful . The color is very beautiful and rich - much nicer than the picture displayed . It arrived quickly and in excellent condition - both much appreciated .
 This is a nice 4 '' gazing globe . The color is dark and mysterious and will make a great addition to any garden . The information was clear and precise on the description . Worth the price paid .
 Fantastic product . Our first one was installed by our gardener . It `` deteriorated '' because we did n't have a rain-cover for it , which devoured the MB . Looking for the same product later , we found it at various locations in the range of $ 55 which we thought to be pricey . However , it does everything it 's designed to do , which is a massive plus .
 A superb tool with a fiberglass handle that will not decay . Blade is robust making an excellent garden tool.Amazon did well , this tool arrived earlier than predicted .
 This tool seems to be the perfect tool for breaking up my tough clay-like ground in areas where I need to ` regrade ' a bit for winter runoff control . It 's easier for me to use than something like a digging bar to loosen otherwise impossible to loosen subsoil . I have several acres where it will continue to come in handy .
 We have a VERY old pick -LRB- over 30 yrs -RRB- and it was fair with loose head . This new Truper when through stone like magic . Fantastic product .
 The Shovel has a strong steel core that can lift alot of snow and ice . The metal strip easily breaks up the chunks of snow . The only thing that would have made it better is if it had the ergonomic bend , but otherwise this was a good buy . I have used this during the 2010 Blizzards and it has worked fine .
 I paid a lot for the shovel and shipping in desperate times - a winter with feet of snow and a broken shovel . All of the local stores were out . It 's a shovel ... service was good
 I 'm in an outlying borough of NYC , and bought this for the snow season of 2010 - 2011 . If there is a better shovel , I 'd like to see it . 57 '' of snow , and it 's still going strong after clearing my walk , my elderly neighbor 's walk , and helping someone across the road dig out about thirty feet of driveway -LRB- each storm we 've had -RRB- . The metal strip has proved incredibly useful , not only for keeping the shovel intact , but for scraping packed snow , and chipping at ice .
 The snow shovel is nice , I hope it does n't snow , but if it does I will be ready .
 This is a great all-around shovel for most types of snow besides powder . You 'll probably need a steel ice-scraper for breaking up the really hard stuff , too . ~ Here 's the deal
 The Suncast SP1400 has been my lifesaver this winter . I managed to shovel out my entire 100 + foot long driveway by myself . I love this shovel . I just got stuck yesterday and used this puppy to get my car out . LOVE . IT .
 This is one of the best light-weight , yet sturdy snow pushers/shovels I 've handled in many years of snow removal . I first discovered this pusher while removing snow at my brother-in-law 's home last year . But , I was n't patient enough to wait for the annual supplies of shovels to hit the local big box stores . I found this same shovel with attached ice scraper for about $ 16 at a Menard 's warehouse .
 Arrived on time and looks very sturdy . I hope there is no snow this year , and I don not have to use it . Wishful thinking !!!!!!!!!
 We were stuck without a shovel for Snowmaggedon in 2009-2010 and this year we were n't going to be caught empty handed . Very happy to have had this even though we did n't get much snow . Just wish it did n't take up so much room !
 This is a good , wide snow pusher . On concrete and asphalt , the snow has to be recent , powdery snow . Heavy wet snow , and snow with ice base is too heavy to be pushed ; the metal edge will not break up an ice base . Also , I am over 6 ' tall , and the angle that the shovel makes with the ground is too high . Therefore , the pushing edge constantly digs into the cement/asphalt . I have to push with the handle at the height of my thighs so that the metal edge does not dig in . Not a big deal , because this pusher moves a lot of snow under the right conditions . This is definitely NOT a snow shovel . For decks -LRB- wood and otherwise -RRB- , I would recommend a pusher without the metal edge . I found an 24 '' wide plastic pusher without the metal edge at a local hardware store .
 I had one of these shovels years ago , and could n't find another one around until now . This is the best snow shovel they make . The medal strip on the bottom cleans down to the pavement , even after your car packed the snow down . Great for pushing snow too . Love this shovel . I 'm thinking of purchasing a few more just as backups , in case they stop making this shovel .
 Works like a pusher should . It 's well constructed and is holding up to the rigors of a miserable Chicago winter . Combined with a bent-handle throwing shovel , I can clear my 50-foot long double wide driveway of 4 inches of snow in about 15 minutes . Thanks to this , I can leave the snow blower in the garage until really heavy snowstorms hit.A previous , similar model held up for 7 seasons before the wear strip finally wore away . Even then , the shovel functioned adequately enough to finish up one last winter 's worth of snow removal duty .
 This is a great product for those times when the snow is light enough to be pushed . Has saved us from using the snowblower several times this winter . The path it makes is large enough to walk through , but not so large as to make it too heavy to push . We are happy with this shovel .
 I love this push shovel ! This is my second one in 7 years . I have all three types the push , scoop and flat shovel . One thing will make this shovel even better . The rivets are exposed on its underside . If they can recess the rivets like they did with the flat shovel it would last a bit longer .
 This is a great snow shovel that allows one to push heavy snow without to much effort . My husband has used this many times when other shovels simply have not been up to the task .
 I purchased this product a few years ago at a local store . It lasted well for a few years but recently broke . Please note that under normal use , this product will probably never break . I have 200 + feet of driveway and used it to clear the snow as you would a plow . I used this product no matter the amount of snow . The more it snows , the more leg strength I would use . For example , to clear 6 '' of snow on the 125 ' driveway , I 'd get a few feet head start and jog the plow through the snow the entire length of my driveway . The great advantage of this product is that you can use your leg muscles that can easily generate several hundred lbs of force as opposed to using just arm or upper back muscles . Great exercise if you use the jogging technique and have the room . For most folks , as mentioned , the plow is great for a light dusting to a few inches . After a few years of this punishment -LRB- running at accumulated snow and pushing it through -RRB- , the plow cracked.For most light snow falls for most folks this will be a great tool to clear flat surfaces .
 We love this snow shovel for pushing a wider path of snow . It is difficult to just shovel with it . The handle is a bit long for me and I would have prefered an ergnomic handle . I would recommend this shovel .
 Was shipped promptly . Is the correct part . This thing really filters air very well . Air goes right through it , leaving dirt and dust behind in the filter . Great job !
 Product works the qulity is not as good as the orginal part but that is par for the course noadays . Old one lasted ten years this one will proably last about three .
 Not much to go wrong with an air filter . This was purchased , along with a new carburetor , for an old Craftsman 2200 watt generatorthat I wanted to get running for the forthcoming sunspot cycle . It was delivered without delay , fits and works perfectly . Good value received .
 I 've been using Dri-z-Air to dehumidify my home since 2005 . They work great ! Perfect for someone , like me , on a tight budget and unable or unwilling to buy a standard dehumidifier .
 This filter fit my Tecumseh motor perfectly on an 8 hp chipper-shredder that was in need of a new air filter .
 Just what we needed.Shipped on time and was as described.Worked as a direct replacement for Tecumseh Part 33268
 Could n't ask for more or better especially for the price . It has n't begun to loose its color , it fit properly , and it arrived promptly . Also , the shipping charge was reasonable unlike many places who post a cheap price and then try to make it up with an exorbitant shipping rate .
 The filter is just like the original and was delivered in a timely manner . These filters do n't stay clean for long on my wood chipper engine so these are pretty economical .
 Living in the Gulf South is great , until Hurricane season hits and then it can be stressful when watching the forecasts . Most especially if you realize the generator is n't working . Found this out recently and found the filter , gasket etc. right here after looking around locally . Suppliers had everything but the one we needed of course . Luckily with Amazon it came in quick , got it installed and everything is working perfectly . Now ready if and when the big winds come and the power goes down . Thanks !
 Works very well -- have recommended it to friends.Holds the amount advertised . The birds cameright away.I did put a caging around to keep the pesky pigeons out .
 I own several bird feeders -LRB- Brome Squirrel Buster with Cardinal Ring , two Heritage Farms Vista Squirrel Proof feeds , and something like the Birdscapes 385 Copper Wild birdfeeder -RRB- . The Birdscapes 329 Triple Tube feed is by far the most popular feeder . It is always busy . I do tend to put the smaller sized feed in these tubes . The Squirrel Buster/Proof variety , which seem to attract the squirrels , are on a separate pole . Perhaps it is because the squirrels are busy elsewhere , and the smaller feed , that the Birdscapes 329 is so popular.All that said , I have only owned this feeder for a couple of months . I can see the weekness of the plastic threads . I have always set the feeder on a table before unscrewing the top . Hopefully it holds up .
 I have had one of these feeders for 3-4 years . It hangs in front of a window under the house eaves and is not in sun in the afternoon . While we get some snow and cold days , not as much as in many states , so the feeder does not experience frigid weather . The lid did crack , and I simply put a piece of clear packaging tape on it . Occasionally a seed sprouts right where the lid screws on because the tape did not completely seal it -- but this seed does not mix with the seed the birds eat , and there does not appear to be water in the main seed compartments . I should 've put some silicon sealant on the crack as well , I suppose.The good part of this feeder is that the metal ports seem pretty sturdy against squirrel damage . While the dome keeps squirrels from coming down to the feeder off the roof fairly well , some squirrels learned to jump up to the feeder from a window sill -LRB- they either climb the screen or if I take the screen away they jump off the sill . -RRB- They have not chewed through the plastic or the ports in this feeder , which I can not say of several other feeders I have purchased over the years.Update , 2/2013 . I received another of these for Christmas 2012 . It has been outside about six weeks , hanging under the eaves as decribed for the old one above . It was about ten degrees F and when I turned the top to remove it , the plastic piece that the top screws onto just broke away from the rest of the feeder . In truth , I may have overtightened it when I put the lid on , but now the top will not come off . I have emailed their customer service as their web site does not list this part . Will update again if I get any service .2 nd update 2/2013 The customer service folks were quite helpful . They have shipped the part that broke to me . I do think I might have overtightened the top and that made it stay together too much when I went to remove the top .
 I previously owned one of these feeders and a large limb crashed down upon it and destroyed it . I was able to find a replacement on Amazon.com and ordered it immediately . This feeder saves me money on seed every month . Other feeders have I owned allow larger birds such as Blue Jays and Red Headed Woodpeckers to use their beak to rake out seeds causing me to go through a lot of seed . That made the squirrels happy . This feeder dose n't stop that from happening but does make it more difficult for them . My wife and I love this feeder . Many different type birds can feed at the same time . Here in Texas , I only use the wild sunflower seeds which attracts just about every kind of bird we have in our area . In the Winter and early spring I use Thistle seeds for the Finches . It is a well built feeder and holds enough feed to last almost a week . I strongly recommend trying this feeder .
 Raccoons destroyed our feeder and we could not find a similar product locally , at a reasonable price , to replace it . I checked out Amazon and found the exact same product that we had and the price was reasonable , plus free shipping . We are very happy with the quantity of seed that fits into this Triple Tube feeder . We have a lot of birds and usually fill the feeder every two days . A smaller feeder would require us to fill it at least once a day .
 I have had this feeder for several years and have only had to replace the dome portion which broke after a couple of years . I went directly to perky pet customer service and that part was on back order and was told that when back in stock this part would be sent to me without charge . It was . This feeder has survived Minnesota winters and wind storms summer and winter w/o fail . Unfortunately it did n't stand up to ping pong size hail last night and neither did the side of my house . Time for a new pp329 from Amazon which has the best price and free shipping .
 My original feeder just like this has finally died -LRB- cracked top due to UV & hail -RRB- after 6 years , so I 'm ordering another one . True , the top screws on , but does not have to be screwed tight , and if you turn it in the opposite direction until it falls into groove , then turn it the right way , the threads last just fine -LRB- this is true of all screws , btw -RRB- . I like the pole mounted option , and this one is a little lighter-weight than the copper-colored plastic one.PS , I put a dome UNDER it as well , and do not have a squirrel problem .
 I have owed one of these feeders for about 5 years . After 5 years , it , like most things , fried in the Florida sun . For those 5 years it was the best bird feeder I have ever owned . With its multiple feed stations , it is not uncommon to have 3 birds on it at a time . Also , its nice that it holds a whole bag of seed.I just received my new one and I am sure it will also go at least 5 years in the Florida sun.For those who had trouble stripping the threads in the lid , it only takes a little care . The diameter of the lid is quite large . As a result , when screwing on the top , you have very , very great leverage , and it only has to be gently screwed on . The only reason it is screwed on at all is to keep it from blowing off in the wind.It 's a keeper and with the sun shining as it does , I 'll likely get another one in 5 more years.PS I should add that we use this as a pole mounted feeder on a 3/4 '' diameter pole . As such it is great . That said , considering its size and weight when it is full , I do not believe I would try hanging it from the lid .
 Great solution to feeding the birds . This product has now been in use over 2 years and still works great .
 This is the second of these feeders I have purchased . The first one lasted almost three years . The feeder is nice to look at and the birds really like it . I have the feeder on a pole and would recommend this to anyone purchasing . Since the lid is plastic , the threading is easy to strip or crack , so one needs to be careful when reinstalling the lid after filling . The plastic lid would also be the reason for not hanging the feeder.Pros
 I have own two of these bird feeders over the years , and am about to purchase my third . It is a large capacity feeder , and allows for multiple birds to feed at once from the three tubes . The feed holes have metal forms , so that when the squirrels feed , they do n't chew the actual feeder . The only times I 've have problems with these feeders is due to user error , not the product . My problem has been when I dropped it during cold weather , and the top `` hood '' will crack in the brittle weather .
 I have 11 feeding stations . 2 years ago , I purchased the triple tube feeder from Lowe 's . The deer demolished it this past winter and I have n't located it anywhere except Amazon . It 's an easy fill , easy post mount , a full fill lasts for days to a week and it is like the community park feeding area . Its durable and I really enjoy it .
 The bird feeders are great . They hold 11 pounds of seed are very durable and the birdslove them.I received them on time and in great condition.Richard
 My best purchase out of the group . The birds love it and the squirrels do not ... yeah ! I get a nice selection of birds and it compliments my feeding station feeder .
 This is the third 2 in 1 feeder that I have purchased . The only thing I 've had an issue with is the plastic lid . It strips out the threads easily and will crack , making it useless . My birds love it though .
 This is the third Birdscapes 329 feeder we have owned . We have been happy with all three feeders . We place ours on a post rather than hang .
 Over many years I have purchased this particular feeder three times . Due to nature and avoidable accidents these feeders eventually break , as they are plastic after all . But , they last long enough , perform as good as any other feeder we have owned , can handle more birds than most feeders , and are easy to re-fill and easy to use . You will get your money 's worth .
 I 've only had this feeder for a month or so but so far it 's been great . I am using 2 sides for sunflower seeds and 1 side for thistle . Filling it does not seem to be a problem like some of the reviews have stated but I guess if you know going into it that you have to remove the entire top that makes you more prepared . In the middle of winter I may have a different opinion , but to date I do n't have a problem with it . The only thing I 've noticed so far is even though you can angle the feeding ports to accomodate the type of seed , the goldfinch seem to have a problem getting to their thistle seed . I have not taken the time to investigate this and so far they have n't been yelling at me so I will have to check it out soon . I was concerned about the plastic 'S ' hook that allows the feeder to hang -LRB- it is quite heavy when completely filled -RRB- and will probably replace it before winter sets in with a metal one , however we had 40 mph sustained winds for a 24 hour period recently and it held up just fine . I did not rate it w / 5 stars only because I have n't owned it for long and winter will put it to the test .
 But I have owned this for 2 months & just love its modern , high-tech look . So far everything 's great & birds flock to it . Other reviewers ' reviews -LRB- esp . the bad ones -RRB- are very disturbing indeed as seems like they own theirs longer than 2 months . But I can not just chime in w / them when mine performs to my satisfaction . If it breaks within a year -LRB- touch-wood -RRB- , I 'll revisit this & lessen my stars . Or I may just get a new one from Home Depot -LRB- where I got mine -RRB- & return the broken one , we shall see ...
 The birdfeeder is very nice , easy to fill and holds quite a bit of seed . I am completely satisfied , even though It could have been a little bigger . The base needed to be adapted to fit my pole .
 This is the second of these feeders I have owned . It 's a fairly good product that holds a lot of bird seed . Be cautious when removing the clear plastic top shield for filling , as a small piece of plastic is all that prevents the center rod -LRB- which holds the whole thing together -RRB- from unscrewing and coming apart . Best way to avoid the problem is to not overtighten the shield when replacing it after filling , especially in freezing weather . Our previous unit lasted about 5 years . That 's probably a practical limit as UV radiation affects the clear plastic tubes resulting in cracking -LRB- either that , of the birds get carried away and `` peck '' holes in the tubes -RRB- . The design is effective in keeping rainwater out of the birdseed in the tubes , and is large enough for reasonable intervals between fillings . A determined raccoon will defeat this feeder . I speak from experience . YMMV .
 I bought this same bird feeder model a couple of years ago and had a problem with rats chewing the plastic cups off the feeder to get at the seed - but this new improved version of the old one has metal cups that hold in the seeds and protects them . This feeder has three chambers so that you can fill it with different types of seed for a variety of birds , making this a really nice bird feeder . It holds enough seed so that it is not necessary to be constantly refilling . I love it and would highly recommend it .
 Holds 3lbs of bird food ! Seems sturdy but have not had it for an entire season so I ca n't attest to the sturdiness.I recommend it so far .
 I was skeptical after reading other reviews but went ahead anyway . Glad I did . This is exactly the same feeder as the one I had for years that got broken by my lawn service employee . The original one I bought was made by Garden Treasures -LRB- they must have renamed or sold the design -RRB- and was purchased at one of the giant home improvement store chains . I do n't know why they do n't still sell it ! I had it for 6 years . There is nothing wrong with the thread on the lid - just do n't be heavy handed with it . If you balance the lid in place and just spin it freely it will always close like it 's supposed to .
 My son owns an MR2 and loved the sign . It arrived on time and in great condition .
 Love this sign . Plan on using outside when my torts get big enough and its warm enough to put them in an outside pen .
 As expected . And durable as all get out . And I just hope that the tourtises can read and know that they need to cross where I put the sign lol
 I love the architecture and art of Frank Lloyd Wright . This sculpture recreates his work and the quality is outstanding . The sculpture looks great in the garden . You can tell the manufacture is commited to producing a highly refined product and the packaging ensures the sculpture will arrive in perfect condition .
 My girlfriend has always loved this sprite and was delighted to see it outside of the Frank Lloyd Wright Home & Studio near Chicago . So I ordered this for her birthday . The sprite arrived about 8 days later and the pedestal came two days after that -- both safely packed and in perfect condition . She likes it so much she does n't want to put it outside !
 This statue was purchased as a birthday gift for a FLW lover . It 's absolutely beautiful . Arrived quickly and was packaged expertly to ensure safe shipping . The additional base gives the statue the platform it deserves .
 I 've always enjoyed FLW architecture and live in a historic area . This sculpture is a beautiful replica , well-packed , heavy and a nice light grey color . My partner and I assembled the sculpture easily - it came with an epoxy . This is definitely a 2 person job , as the statue is quite heavy . You should level the ground before putting the pedestal and sprite sculputre together . Once it 's up it will make a beautiful focal point for any garden .
 Ordered this for my husband 's birthday - a man very difficult to buy for . The statue is just beautiful , he loves it and it is a real asset to our garden . The service from Earth Exchange was above excellent . The statue was packed perfectly .
 The pricing on this Frank Lloyd Wright Sprite was lower than we had paid for a previous one from a different source , so we were a little leery of what we would get ... but the statue arrived quickly , and if of the exact same quality as the one we had previosly purchased for much more . We gave this as a wedding gift to a special couple and have now seen photos of it in their garden . Just lovely .
 I have purchased replacement seat covers from every source known to man that you could imagine that sells them for these Director Chairs . And , every set starts to sink within a matter of days . However , these 2 sets are the best fit I have ever had !! :--RRB- -RRB- In fact , they are better than the original seat covers that came with the chairs . I am soo impressed with these that I will most definately purchase these replacements from this manufacturer only . Not only is the fit the best but , they look good and the price was the least I have ever paid ! I am soo elated with these . I would just like to say , Ahhh ... Thank You , Thank You , Thank You ... I am extremely happy .
 These seem to be thick and durable and were the best price that I have found online . These are my first director chairs so I have no ofthers to compare them to .
 I received my replacemnt covers right away and they fit perfect !! I 'm very much satisfied with them .
 These are inexpensive -- so much so that I thought I might be disappointed -- I 'm not.They fit perfectly , were easily installed , and `` sit '' well.Nothing fancy , just functional , clean , tidy , fill the need .
 Some buyers will not like this sprinkler because it gets everything wet with it 's long distance spray.I like it because it shoots up to 45 feet -LRB- depending on water pressure , nozzle insert and adjustment -RRB- . I was able to cover most of my yard by mounting just a few sprinklers around the perimeter of the yard . I did not have to dig trenches all over my yard and buy a hundred sprinkler heads plus hundreds of feet of underground piping . Replacing malfunctioning underground heads would have become a nightmare.For maximum water volume and distance , use 3/4 inch or larger black semi-flexible hose -LRB- Comes in 100 foot rolls from Home Depot -RRB- . I mounted the sprinkler heads above ground in the flower beds , on top of a rock pile , at corner of house and on the side of a fence.Every year a have to replace one or two because they eventually stick or wear out . Replacement is easy.Toro specs
 This year has been extremely dry and the old DR Trimmer stirs up a lot of dust and debris . The motor was getting hard to start and running poorly . After removing the old air filter , taping it on the sidewalk to knock out the heavy dirt and replacing it the engine didn &#8217; t work much better . After struggling through that days trimming I looked up the Tecumseh Air Filter part number and ordered it on Amazon . It arrived before my next trimming session . With the new filter in place the old engine started easily and ran great . That &#8217; s why I love it and give it 5 stars . I recommend you keep a spare , it is worth it keep your engine from choking from lack of air .
 I have purchased replacement seat covers from every source known to man that you could imagine that sells them for these Director Chairs . And , every set starts to sink within a matter of days . However , these 2 sets are the best fit I have ever had !! :--RRB- -RRB- In fact , they are better than the original seat covers that came with the chairs . I am soo impressed with these that I will most definately purchase these replacements from this manufacturer only . Not only is the fit the best but , they look good and the price was the least I have ever paid ! I am soo elated with these . I would just like to say , Ahhh ... Thank You , Thank You , Thank You ... I am extremely happy .
 These seem to be thick and durable and were the best price that I have found online . These are my first director chairs so I have no ofthers to compare them to .
 I received my replacemnt covers right away and they fit perfect !! I 'm very much satisfied with them .
 These are inexpensive -- so much so that I thought I might be disappointed -- I 'm not.They fit perfectly , were easily installed , and `` sit '' well.Nothing fancy , just functional , clean , tidy , fill the need .
 I was looking for the cheapest thermometer I could find that had a min/max memory . This fit the bill . It feels slightly cheap overall , but not so bad that I think it will break -LRB- and it was inexpensive , so no complaint ! -RRB- . It took a second for me to figure out , but it 's got the external probe and a sensor on the unit itself , and both keep a separate running min-max record that is stored until you reset it . Some have complained about the fact that the probe has rubber insulation that may not be very thermally conductive but it seems responsive to me . I have n't tried it in water but it seems like it could work.I bought this to monitor the ambient temperature for my pet hedgehog inside and right outside it 's cage and this worked perfectly . I gave it 4 starts because the while it functions fine , the quality-feel to price ratio was perfectly acceptable , but not 5 star .
 Great little gadget . . my husband and I always disagree over the temperature ... now we know exactly what temperature the room is . Works great !
 Thermometer seems to work okay as far as giving a reading , but I wonder about the accuracy . I am a National Weather Service cooperative reporter and my govt.-provided thermometers disagree by two degrees consistently . Who is right ?? I think I 'll go with the NWS thermometers . Perhaps if a person just deducts two degrees , you 'll be close to right .
 Finally found an exact replacement . I have been using one of these for 8 years to measure the output temp of my `` barrel furnace '' in my shop . The old one died when power to the blower was lost and the temp went very high . These work very well when wireless in not required .
 I installed this in my 2000 Jetta for an outdoor thermometer . It was easy running the wire through the firewall hole where the clutch cable is supposed to go . I first mounted it in front of the air intake on the top portion of the hood , but it picked up engine heat so I moved it down to the lower grill . It 's now quite accurate .
 We ordered six of these to track the temperature in different rooms of an office suite . Before dividing them into different rooms , I tracked their behavior as a group in a single room . The temperatures in the room varied between a fifteen degree range , yet all six units consistently read within one degree of each other . This was much better consistency than I had expected for such an inexpensive digital thermometer . We did not utilize the outdoor temperature probe , but we have been very pleased with these devices .
 Works just like it 's supposed to . Gives me a good clear idea of both indoor and outdoor temperatures .
 I use the Chaney Instrument as an outside thermometer for my car . Snaked the outside lead through the engine compartment and mounted the sensor -LRB- it just sticks on -RRB- to the grill in front of the radiator . It has proved accurate -LRB- comparing it with posted temps along side the road -RRB- as long as the car is moving . When still , it picks up the radiator 's heat , so the `` max '' part of the min/max function has limited usefulness in my application although that is not the fault of the unit , but where it needs to be mounted on the car . It switches easily from inside to outside temperature and , given the previous comment , the min/max function is useful.Why not 5 stars ? The light on the thermometer , which is triggered by a push button , is pretty dim . It is difficult to read the thermometer a night with the light button pushed it is so dim . The manual cautions not to push the button too often or battery life with suffer ... it is hard to fathom that such a puny light would draw much power . But time will tell about that.For the price , it is a good buy .
 Works pretty well - convenient for my greenhouse - informative for cold nites - no complaints yet - been using for about 3 weeks --
 I bought three of the AcuRite thermometers and they all read within a fraction of a degree each other -LRB- 0.2 degrees , indoor measurements -RRB- . I 'm impressed . I 'm using them to monitor and adjust my home HVAC system . I appreciate the min/max recordings and the convenient reset button . The built in light is weak but adequate for night time viewing . The light automatically turns off after about 2 seconds . Good idea since the unit is powered by a single AAA battery . The only reason I did n't give it five starts is because the wiring for the outdoor probe is not detachable . The ten foot hunk of wire makes it a bit clunky . I may end up cutting it off .
 I am using this thermometer in my car as an outdoor thermometer was not an option when I bought the car . The thermometer is working fine once I placed the sensor in front of the radiator behind the front bumper . However , it takes a few minutes to read a stable temperature as I believe it is affected by the heat off the radiator when the car is not running for a period of time . The inside temperature also reads high until you start moving as I believe it is heating up via heat through the front windshield .
 I got this thermometer because my new vehicle did not come with an outside temp gage . I installed this one on center console and ran wire to front of vehicle . Works great for this .
 The display has nice contrast , at least now when the batteries are new . I have an old laboratory grade mercury-in-glass thermometer and comparing with that showed that my AcuRite is reasonably accurate - about 1/2 deg F off in one direction for the indoor and the other direction for the outdoor . Not bad for an inexpensive instrument . All the features seem to work as advertized .
 Seems accurate , very easy to read . I would buy this again and am in fact thinking about getting another one for inside .
 I put this in my car so I could measure temperature extremes and the performance of my AC system . I left the external probe inside the car , it adjusts much more rapidly than the sensor on the main unit . I like the min/max feature - wish it worked with the wired probe as well . I have had this for awhile now and like it .
 My husband uses this thermometer when he travels over the road and would n't be without . It is durable and accurate .
 I am glad I got it . I put it between my paper towel rack and the wall to hold it up . Falls a lot . I may get some velcro for it .
 This product works very well for the purpose I wanted it for . It was necessary to make the lead in wire longer so I could put the sensor where I needed it .
 I have one of these to monitor the outside temperature and I can read it while inside the garage . I just installed one of these in my parents ' Honda CRV since their trim level lacked the outside themometer . The 10 ' wired probe was just long enough to reach from the dash to the front grill .
 This item works well and I got it in fast manor . It could use more derrections on how it works .
 Seems to work well , the only thing is that the light to read the temp in the dark is pretty weak and it has an odd wire that can be used to measure outdoors -LRB- some of you may view this as a positive -RRB- .
 I bought this thermometer to replace a five year old -LRB- same thermometer -RRB- I had in my car and the out side temp probe got damaged and needed replacing.The first one work perfectly over a temperature range from over 100 deg F to below minus 20 deg F and the thermometer always worked . By far the best digital thermometer I 've ever owned .
 I have 3 of these in work and home windows . The 've been reliable , accurate , and are easy to read . Recommended .
 Good instrument . Consistent temperature reading tracks with my internal thermostat . I have not had this Thermometer long enough to comment about the battery life , witch is important feature to me.Very good results so far .
 I 'm buying another one after I write this.I am using my first one to measure the temperature in a pen for ducklings.This device is good for that because it has a small temperature probe at the end of a 3 or 4 foot-long plastic-covered wire -- I can put the small probe in with the ducklings under the straw -- but have the display unit outside of the pen , where they wo n't try to eat it.There 's a button that allows you to switch between readings taken from the end of the probe , or from the display unit.There 's another button that lets you display the min and max temperatures since the last time you reset them . -LRB- And a button that allows you to reset the min and max , when they are being displayed . -RRB- On the back of the display unit there is a hole that you can use to hang it on a screw . That 's nice , but it is not designed to let you sort of lock it onto the screw-head . Too easy to knock the device off the screw or nail and watch in horror as it falls to the floor.Which it did an hour ago -- which is why I 'm buying a new one . It did not break when it hit my cement floor -- but that fall made me realize how much I was already depending on it.Take two , they 're small .
 I bought 6 of these thermometers and tested all of them right out of the box against a very accurate mercury thermometer and they were all spot on . -LRB- + / - 0.2 F -RRB- Then I modified them.What I needed was a remote thermometer that was not wireless and could reach distances up to 150 feet . It voids the warranty , but I cut the 10 foot probe wire -LRB- made sure to mark the individual wires first -RRB- and then soldered on a 150 foot 20AWG single pair . The thermometer accuracy was unchanged . I do n't know how far beyond that it can be extended . I 'm sure eventually it would start to fade , but I can confirm it remains accurate up to 150 feet .
 I bought the thermometer because of the min/max feature . The display is simple to use and I have found the unit to be pretty precise in the temperature readings . The battery life seems to be pretty good so far .
 It works fine ... giving the temperatures . Large read-out . However , if you put the battery cover on , it pushes the battery off the connecting points and wo n't work . So to make it work I had to leave the cover off . Seems like a strange flaw ... may be just a fluke in the one I got.I ordered a second one recently and it works fine and the battery cover slides on OK . They both record the same temperature and match what our local radio temp is ... so I am satisfied .
 Been using the unit in my small green house for a few weeks now . Works as it should and is easy to operate . Seems to be accurate as I have another thermometer nearby and they read within a degree or so of each other .
 Because of a special reason I needed two of these digital thermometers . They do the job in a reliable way and I am very happy with them .
 I really like this simple little thermometer . We have hvac issues at work & it simplifies things to know exactly what temps are in each office area . It does n't have a lot of bells & whistles which is nice because it is simple to use . I thought I could just walk into a big discount store & buy one but they are harder to find than I expected , so I am glad to find one on Amazon . It saved me driving all over town to find it .
 The thermometer is overall very nice and attractive and great for a car where I installed it . Only problem is the night light . It is useless as you can not see the digital display when you turn it on in the dark . If you can live with that limitation , I recommend getting it.I also found I have to subtract about 3 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- from the readings to get the real air temperature over non-road surfaces -LRB- the way temperature is measured by professionals -RRB- except when its precipitating , when no correction is needed . This is an issue with measuring temperature over hot asphalt roadways and not a problem with the sensor . It 's the same for virtually all car thermometers . They measure accurately over hot roadways which is fine for the roadway but NOT indicative of official air temperatures which avoid such unrepresentatively hot surfaces .
 My only beef with this thermometer is the outdoor sensor , which consists of a thermistor encased in epoxy inside a black plastic half-shell with something like thick double-sided tape over the shell 's opening . So , it 's going to be slow to respond to changes in ambient temperature , and have a tendency to heat up if hit by any sunlight , perhaps even attenuated by a radiation shield or reflected . It seems to me that the thermistor should be mechanically and thermally connected to a piece of metal with minimal mass which could be bolted to something like a piece of tinned double-sided PC board , giving the sensor a large area-to-mass ratio , and thus a good thermal contact to the air , and minimal thermal inertia.The wire running to the outdoor sensor is black , but the reading is n't very sensitive to wire temperature . I dunked the wire in nearly-boiling water when the temperature was reading about 65 , and it might have changed by a couple of degrees . In real-world situations , this effect would be insignificant.Assuming it 's possible to find a replacement thermistor with the same nominal 25C resistance and `` beta value '' -LRB- a parameter which describes the amount of curvature in the resistance vs. temperature characteristic -RRB- , it should be easy to make a sensor that would track changing air temperatures better and be less sensitive to light.Other useful features that could be incorporated into more expensive models would be the ability to log year or decades of readings onto a USB flash drive , which could then be plugged into a computer to plot the data , an atomic clock and GPS tracker so that the temperature data could be stored along with reliable date , time , and location data , and perhaps allow for storage of photos of the sensor location so that anyone retrieving the data in the future would know all they needed to know to determine if the data is useful , if they had the thermometer as well .
 I love my elephant watering can . For some reason , I expected a metal can , but this product is not metal . Which is actually good ; it is not heavy . It is lightweight , easy to use , and terribly cute . It is just the right size for watering the plants on my porch and I am very happy with my purchase .
 I wanted a watering can with character , so I picked this elephant one . It turned out to be perfect -- adorable to look at , and it holds more than enough water for the patio plants I have .
 This is the perfect size water can for my office to water my plant . It is really cute and does not take up much space . The Elephant shape is really cute . The price I paid was excellent !!
 This is not an OEM Briggs piece , but it is a nice part , fits perfectly , pre-oiled and ready to go .
 The installation of this edging purchased from Amazon was not difficult . The landscape edging appears to be sturdy and durable . Four -LRB- 4 -RRB- stakes are provided , but if you follow the instructions and place the stakes every 5 feet then 5 stakes are required for 20 feet . I placed my stakes every 7 feet as my edging was installed in a straight line . Additional stakes would be better if there are tight curves in the border . Follow the excellent installation instructions provided , especially allowing the roll of edging to straighten out in the warm sun before trying to install it . The coupler if needed does not fit snugly . I hammered the coupling round like a rod and inserted it inside the tubular tops of the two pieces I wished to join . The instructions say to place it over tubular top . This makes a strong coupling . I think a plastic rod would do a better job of coupling then the couplings provided . Except for the provision of only four stakes and the coupling I would rate this product 5 stars .
 Had a bad vole problems in my flower beds , in two weeks after finding every entrance , my infestation was cured .
 Product as described . Part was pretty unique and I felt lucky to find it on Amazon at a great price !
 I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT BACK IN THE SPRING WHEN BEGINNING A KITCHEN REMODEL . FINALLY GOT IT INTALLED MID-SUMMER . IT IS A GOOD PRODUCT AT A GOOD PRICE . IT CAME WITH PLASTIC DRAIN INSERTS SO WE PURCHASED METAL INSERTS AT A LOCAL STORE AND USED THEM INSTEAD . -LRB- PERSONAL PREFERENCE -RRB- WOULD BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN .
 The chair arrived in great shape -LRB- new -RRB- and on time , would have liked to have known it had no chair cover with it , but it came as promised !
 This is the best , my plants and flowers are huge ! Not to mention I can be green and put stuff that are normally tossed to waste back into the earth .
 well its a good little tumbler but your gunna need alot of compost garden use only not a small home type of composter
 I purchased one of these a little over a month ago . It was a little tricky to put together , but I am pleased with it now . It 's compact , easy to move and to tumble . Still waiting for the compost ... it 's hard to get the right mix of browns and greens plus moisture . I 'm still learning !
 My original comments
 We 've had one of these for about a year and purchased it after a lot of research . By and large , it 's been a great purchase . I think it probably works better than most other products on the market . The compost is fast , we can keep composting far further into the winter than we would be able to otherwise and it 's held up pretty well . We have noticed that the screen that helps drain the composter needs to be kept clear and may need regular cleaning to make sure nothing gets too soupy . One other minor annoyance is that the lid does n't stay open well without holding it , so getting things in and out of it can be a hassle.In regards to the other review complaining that the composter does n't work when filled only with greens , it 's a composter , not magic . You do have to know something about composting and create a balance of greens and browns to make it work most effectively . That 's not a product defect . It 's like buying a skillet and complaining that it burns your eggs because you did n't know you needed to grease it before putting the eggs in .
 This composter is the perfect size for a back porch -LRB- hence , it 's name -RRB- or , in my case , for my courtyard . It fits in a corner and is easy to open , fill , and spin . It 's perfect for anyone who wants to compost leftover kitchen veggies/fruits and the occasional bunch of leaves .
 I was concerned about the assembly , based on others ' reviews , but it was very easy until the final moment -- one of the sides did not have the hole drilled out , so I could n't insert the screw that holds it onto the stand . Fortunately I own a power drill , so I was able to remedy this , but it did add some time to the process -LRB- this is the only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- . Now that it 's put together I 'm very happy with it . It 's sturdy and just the right size for two people . I really like that it 's off the ground , as our last composter did not have a bottom , and some small animal excavated underneath it every night -- flinging lots of rotting food for our dog to eat !
 Simple design but strongly recommend you read and understand all instructions before starting assembly . Any mistake will affect the success of your compost , which requires the airflow , drainage , tumbling , and door removal design elements all to work together . I have owned other composters in the past which only resulted in aggravation and rats , not compost . So I was ecstatic when my first batch of compost was ready in three weeks -LRB- I did add two cups of compost starter initially -RRB- . Having the composter sit off the ground , allow easy spinning , and wheeled relocation in the garden make all the difference . What a joy to use our discards for putting nutrients back into our organic garden and food .
 This composter is my first . It is nice . Very mobile . The locking clasp must have been changed as I read reviews that complained about it . I have no problems with it.The reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the instructions are a little vague and the seams on the drum are not real tight . If you throw saw dust in the bin , you do get some leakage.A huge plus was the customer support I got from the manufacture . Being that I had a little problem with the instructions , I had to take apart the frame because I had it wrong . In doing so , I ruined the end cap that holds the wheel in place . One email to the manufacturer and they responded within a day and sent me a new one at no charge . That , my friends , is customer support.That being said , I love it!Peter in Chicago .
 Since I 'm sure there are fellow Amazon gardeners who believe , like me , that Murphy 's Law applies to them when it comes to new product assembly , this review responds to the negative comments about the difficulty of assembly . I have very low `` spatial intelligence , but I just assembled the Back Porch ComposTumbler this afternoon with extreme ease . I have yet to use it for more than its first load of compost material , so this review does not comment on the composter 's merits or shortcomings in that respect . Besides my general tendency not to give all possible stars to anything , the fact that I have n't used it over a period of time is the main reason I 'm giving it four versus five stars for comparable products.After reading some of the reviews that cited either 1 -RRB- the overall difficulty of assembly , 2 -RRB- the need for extra parts or tools or 3 -RRB- left-over parts after assembly , I thought twice about buying what 's variously called the Back Porch , Urban or simply the 5-cubic-ft . ComposTumbler on different websites I researched . After asking the manufacturer 's rep a few questions via the telephone # on the ComposTumbler site , I did end up buying what seemed to be 1 -RRB- an economical -LRB- none cheaper of any quality and Amazon 's price was the lowest at the time ... plus free shipping since I have Amazon Prime -RRB- , 2 -RRB- thoughtfully designed -LRB- the only decent composter with wheels -RRB- and 3 -RRB- space-efficient -LRB- fits next to the garbage cans -RRB- tumbling composter that 'll help me meet my Mother 's Day deadline for fresh compost . There are undoubtedly better , bigger tumblers at twice the price or more , but is n't that always the case in general?Based on the negative comments about assembly , I feared this afternoon 's assembly project all week . I can only say , however , that I 've rarely assembled a product with such ease . I do n't usually write reviews , but I really ca n't understand how people had any difficulty with this particular assembly . The directions show pictures of the parts and it took two minutes to group them by their # . For each step , they spelled out absolutely everything that needed to be done in clear language and pictures -LRB- which I 'm sure most will agree is a relatively rare occurrence when it comes to assembly -RRB- . They assumed nothing -LRB- thank you ! -RRB- but did n't have more text than needed.They specified the need for two wrenches , a Phillips screwdriver , a hammer and a regular flat-head screwdriver . I do n't know why you need the flathead and the hammer could be replaced by anything solid -LRB- e.g. a shoe heel -RRB- that can give a couple of taps . I have a power screwdriver , but I did n't even see the need to use it -LRB- some of the other reviewers said it was necessary to have one , but that too mystifies me -RRB- . Nothing is supposed to be tightened beyond what 's relatively easy for anyone that actually uses a screwdriver now and then instead of calling the handyman.A good indication of the simplicity of the assembly is that my son asked me four or five times at various stages if I needed an extra hand -LRB- normally a welcome addition to other assemblies that seem made for three , four or five hands -RRB- , but I honestly could n't think of anything for him to do until the very end . Since he was there , it helped to have him hold the ends of the last two bolts with one of the wrenches while I tightened two locking nuts on the inside of the drum , but I definitely could have done that myself.If I 'd really been focused , I could have completed the assembly in the 15 minutes one reviewer reported , but I read all the directions first and proceeded quite deliberately at first because I expected to encounter the problems in assembly that a few reported -LRB- as noted , if there can be a problem , I have it every time ! -RRB- . The entire assembly , including rolling it into place -LRB- why do n't any other composters have wheels ? -RRB- took about 30 minutes.The bottom line is that ease of assembly should be a definite plus for this product , not a negative . I am very puzzled by those who reported difficulty . It really seems that either they did n't read the directions or they are describing another product mistakenly . Considering such helpful things as the labels on each part of the drum , the low number of different parts , the clearly evident holes and the dead-simple directions with pictures , I actually find it hard to believe you could have a problem unless you did it blindfolded . Other comments about the durability of the plastic and the other parts do n't make sense either , but I just wanted to tell the fellow spatially challenged among you not to worry about that aspect of the Back Porch ComposTumbler . Happy spring !
 This composter was really easy to assemble and fits great in any back yard . The ONLY thing that may be a shortcoming is that it might be a little small for anyone with a fairly large yard/garden that they eant to product compost for . I would recommend this seller as well , as they did a GREAT job of shipping the item quickly - even over the Christmas season we got it in less than 10 days !
 For a year I owned an Urban Composter which I 'm selling for 2 reasons
 This composter arrived promptly and was easily assembled -LRB- less than 15 minutes -RRB- . It has been easy to use , and the portability is a real plus . I can move it around the patio without any assistance . It is very easy to spin . It is a good size for our 2-person household . The only downside is that when I am finishing the compost , I am unable to add anything to it . The compost can take more than a couple of weeks to finish , so we have 2 composters -LRB- this one and an Acrobat Compost Tumbler -RRB- . We can fill one while the other one `` cooks '' .
 Amazon had the lowest price on this item that I could find on the Internet . This item seems to be as advertised and was not difficult to assemble . I recommend using a power drill or screwdriver to assemble rather than trying to install the screws into the hard plastic with a manual screwdriver.I 'm working on my first batch of compost and constantly adding new `` garbage '' to the mix until it gets full , then will use the compost activator that I purchased to make quick work of the process . The only issue was that the first time I tumbled some waste , both side vent screens fell into the tumbler and muck . I turned them around and put them in backwards from how they were originally installed and they have stayed in place since . They are only held in by tension and I may need to secure them better in the future .
 We received the Back Porch Compost Tumbler within a week of ordering . It arrived in perfect condition . It 's the right size for us and does a great job of breaking down leaves and other garden material into the right texture for mulching . It 's easy to use and does the job .
 This is my first experience with composting ever , so I had little idea of what to expect . The tumbler was easy to put together -LRB- you needed a little muscle to get the 16 or so screws in -RRB- . I 've only been putting scraps in for a few weeks , but it certainly seems like it 's working . I think it will take longer than anticipated for the compost to be ready since I keep adding in and since the pile shrinks so much . Either way , it 's compact , tidy and easy to turn .
 I just got mine last night and assembled it very quickly so I do not agree with the reviewer who claimed many tools are required . You need a Phillips head screwdriver , a wrench , and a pair of pliers . This said , it takes quite a bit of strength to turn the screws.The instructions could be better . There are two round screens that , according to the instructions , come preassembled in the endcaps . I am not sure this is true . They were on the bottom of the box and nothing in the instructions refers to them , but they presumably go inside the holes in the endcaps.I ca n't rate the product yet because I have n't used it.Modified after more than a year of use . It takes 6-9 months to get more or less unextraordinary compost .
 Laaaves it ! After I put it together ... I sat and looked at my `` achievement '' ... and the pile of extra screws and parts I had sitting next to it . After debating weather or not I should take it apart and try again . I tossed it down the steps of my back deck and to my amazement it was still in one piece , so I called it a day . It 's been working like a charm for over 2 years . I need another one since you ca n't add to it for 6-8 weeks while it 's doing it 's bizness . I would get another one just the same , if I did n't have the desire to try something new and exciting for the next couple years ... kinda like how I roll with men .
 The title line was just too good to pass up . I do n't have my first batch of compost yet , but it 's working . No little animals and no smell . Assembly was relatively easy . The metal parts are holding up very well .
 I received this item in a timely manner and assembled it without a problem . The directions are easy to follow and I already have the Compos tumbler in use with all of the fall cleanup and LEAVES . It is easy to use and my grandkids love to turn it . I ca n't wait to see the end product that it helps create . It is perfect for a city home garden .
 Was fairly easy to put together . I love that it 's portable -- easy to roll around . Easy to tumble to mix the compost . Still to early for me to tell about how long to make compost .
 So far so good , just been using a little over a month . Tumbles easily and good size for just my husband and me . Husband put it together . Do n't recall him having any difficulty . I like that it is movable so when ready will just roll over and sift onto garden .
 The CompostTumbler is great !!! I have a small family and this size is just perfect for us . It is very easy to use and turn and makes compost very quickly . I highly recommend this product !!!
 Easy to assemble , easy to use . Just what we wanted to start our composting career ! Great product .
 This is one heck of a composter . Easy to assemble , easy to use and made of good strong material . My only concern would be for older folks who may have a problem in wheeling it around -LRB- the composter does get heavy in use -RRB- . The instuctions for composting need a little reviewing for details for those that are new to composting . Still , a very good mobile composter .
 I love my composter . It took about 2 hours to put together and was in my backyard that same evening filled with garden waste . It is easy to wheel around the garden and easy to tumble . Ca n't wait for my first load of compost .
 I have been composting for 2 years but decided I needed a second compost bin to allow a full one to `` cook '' into compost so I got this one . I should have gotten it first . Spinning the composter is so easy . My first one turns but is on another piece and when it is full it is very hard to turn . I have not filled this one but already it is no problem . Thanks .
 These are awesome tools to work with . I bought a set for my wife and neighbor and they love them ! Ca n't go wrong giving these as a gift for that special gardner friend or spouse .
 The shape of the handle is great . My hands and wrists do n't get so tired while I 'm gardening . I also like the soft grip .
 I bought this for a friend who loves to garden as a birthday gift . Perfect
 This product is a great pH up . Plus it has extra K in it.Best silica product out there period .
 The chair arrived in great shape -LRB- new -RRB- and on time , would have liked to have known it had no chair cover with it , but it came as promised !
 Works like a champ . I had one just like this for over thirty years until the bottom finally rotted out . Not sure if this is the same manufacturer but hope the new model lasts just as long as the old one did .
 This is a pricey tool , but worth every penny . I bought this on impulse with a number of other tools when I had a daunting amount of beds to weed . I 've never used any of the other tools because this one does it all . It will pull weeds easily , works so much better than a traditional weed puller , and it is sharp enough to dig down in the dirt too . It feels great to use , even with my arthritic hands . I 've weeded over 400 feed of shrub beds with it easily !!
 I bought one of these at the non-profit Oregon Garden a few days ago and did not intend to write a review , but I saw the negative comment , which I could not believe . This is a great tool , well designed for strength and utility . While it is advertised for loose garden soil , I have used it on dry compact soil with great success , including removing unwanted grass clumps . It is stainless steel with the edges curved to provide extra strength . You can push on the back of it to get it deeper in compact soil , but the side edges work great at ground level . Using the end permits me to get closer to plants I do n't want to disturb ; using the sides lets me cover a broad area fairly quickly . The end is forked and the sides are toothed for maximum weed pulling . The design seems so intuitive I ca n't believe I did n't have something like this years ago .
 This plant was just gorgeous ! I ordered it for a Christmas present and my Mother will love it . I 'll order from Hirts Nursery again . Thanks !
 Hirt 's gardens always has healthy and wonderful plants for garden or terrace . The lavender arrived safe and sound and is very happy in my yard They take care in packing and shipping . Very reasonable prices
 I have ordered plants from other companies but have never received plants as beautiful and well packed as these and in such a timely manner . A good source for Rosemary lovers and I have to believe this company pays equal attention to all plant orders .
 Great seller , These blades fair as good or better then oem . I live in Florida which is very hard on mower blades , and the price per blade is a lot cheaper here then buying local .
 I needed a set of these after my son went toe to toe with a stump while mowing a neighbors yard . I could n't find them at the box store , as usual , when looking for parts for my older MTD rider .
 The blades for this mower where not avaliable localy , so I ordered this blade for my 42 inch mower . They fit perfectly and run smooth . We will have to see how long they last .
 I have used and abused this MTD mower since I bought it new 20 years ago . We use it to mow about 15 acres of weeds several times a year . We use the blades until there is not enough left to sharpen . These new blades breathed new life into the mower and are already ready for their first sharpening . The blades are just as good as MTD branded blades .
 When you try to find parts for old equipment it can be a problem . The manufacture can update or change the model . That is what happened with the solinoid for the valve that I ordered . The solinoid worked great I had no problems with it . I recieved it in a timely maner and in perfic condition .
 Item was delivered fast and worked great . Price is very competitive . Will definitely order from this company again !
 This is not as long as the other one we purchased . I 'm sure once we hang it -LRB- not on a tree , on a balcony -RRB- , we will be able to reach the feeder with no problem.We wanted a backup . We live on a second floor back condo . That 's the best ! No people to distract the hummingbirds ! Hooks are the best to hold the feeders . This will be great !
 This S hook works exactly as it should and looks attractive while doing so . The product arrived quickly and was exactly as depicted . I 'm using them in my garden to hold bird feeders , but they could also be used to hold hanging baskets .
 Originally bought it to hang a hummingbird feeder from , but too large and thick , so it looked out of proportion . Large side of hook fits easily over a branch and it 's strong enough to hold a bird feeder or a plant .
 We use ours -LRB- 12 inch version -RRB- to hang a wind chime from a maple tree in the back yard . Works great for that purpose . It is easy to move around and it allows the chime to move freely . Looks way nicer than one made from a coat hanger.Would buy another if the need arises .
 I was looking for replacement blades for my 1984 tractor . These blades are the correct ones at the best price I could find . They arrived in four days . Excellent value .
 I own a Char-Broil gas grill , and was looking for a way to add a smokier taste to meat . I found Sam 's smoker using a google search and decided to give it a try . You soak wood chips for 15 minutes , that can be purchased at anyplace that sells outdoor grills.The smoking box sits on the heat deflector , and after 15 minutes or so you get a nice thick smoke which lasts over an hour . I also use a pan of water on the other side of the grill . the smoke and steam give any meat a nice smoky flavor and the water keeps it moist . I have been very satisfied with the results and so has everyone else who has tried it . I highly recommend this product .
 Adds that smokey taste to everything grilled . Best part is that the amount of flavor can be adjusted by amount and type of chips and temp . Really fun to experiment with these . When you nail it like we did with pizza on the grill , its not only great eating but fun to pass on to others .
 I have only used this once but was amazed at how much smoke poured out of the thing . It sits directly on the burners so should work on any type of grill . I have a char broil commercial series and found that the other smoker boxes were n't big enough to sit on the burners and effectively smoke . This sits on half the grill and really pours out the smoke . I actually had to be careful opening the lid cause smoke kept going in my eyes . Definitely the best smoker box I have found . Pretty excited to try it on ribs .
 When the ` packages ' arrived , the UPS driver stated that he had `` never seen any item shipped in this manner '' ... -LRB- not a good thing ? -RRB- . That being said , all 3 pieces -LRB- tray , handles and nuts/bolts/wheel -RRB- arrived with the tray having a smallish dent in it . Not a problem since this is a wheelbarrow and will get more dents through time . My major complaint was in the assembly ... it took me 1.5 hrs . Not an easy task with the minimalistic instructions that , without a picture , would most likely caused major headaches . I was glad to see that all the parts were correct and no scavenging was required . Once assembled , it does seem to be quite sturdy and should withstand many years of usage . I just wish there was a indication on Amazon noting the country of manufacture/assembly . I figured a name of UNION TOOLS would have meant USA , but it did not , it was made in China . I may have made a different purchase decision ... or not . I rated this 4 stars as the assembly caused me minor grief .
 My last wheelbarrow lasted 14 years , was used for mixing concrete and hauling stone & dirt finally gave out due to handle rot and flat tire . When I looked at the cost of replacing those parts , it exceeded $ 50 . I researched wheelbarrows for a hour or so , and found this one for $ 69.99 plus free shipping.The construction is sturdy and the parts well made by today 's import standards . Assembly took about 30 minutes , and is best done flipping the box upside down using a roll of tape to hold the bolts in while tightening . Properly assembled and torqued , the unit is extremely stiff and sturdy . Do n't be afraid to crank down on the bolts when tightening.The box construction is heavy gauge steel , the arms are sturdy and the tire well made . The 6 cu foot box is large , and easily accomodates concrete mixing , dirt hauling , stone hauling . While still agile , this product would be considered a heavy duty construction site wheelbarrow.I 've used this product to haul full heaping loads of # 57 stone , fill dirt and logs . It 's balanced well , easy to push and holds the loads without feeling loose or wobbly.Considering local box stores wanted more than $ 100 for a lesser item , this wheelbarrow is the best price for the highest quality . I find the quality of this item equal to my last wheelbarrow , and feel it should last another 14 years making it 's amortized cost less than $ 5 a year.Better quality than poly-box style units I 've looked at locally , higher quality than garden style wheelbarrows and cheaper , larger and stronger than any of the ones the local 4 big box stores had to offer .
 This is a great replacement filter . Is of as good quality as Kohler O/E filter at a much better price . Does it 's job real well .
 This replacement blade cut great and was significantly more energy efficient than the original blade . The replacement blade outlasted the lawnmower !
 Purchased the Rain Dial Plus 6 Station Outdoor . When the product arrived , it had a bad circuit board . Reported it to the seller who quickly and conveniently replaced it with another unit . It works very well .
 This adapter allows me to make my own hoses for use between a 20 lb cylinder and a portable gas grill . This is very useful when you hunt , fish , and camp .
 Life saver . I could n't find this part anywhere locally . Now I can use a regular propane barbeque with my pop-up .
 this can be used for fitting your 1 '' type blowtorch to a hose for remote use or an appliance that has a 1 '' female socket , see my other review about the 1/4 bsp thread being too tapered .
 Very nice quality and contemporary looking rug . It is meant for indoor or out-I used it in my kitchen by the doorwall where the dogs come in and out of the house and it works great . I ordered another one in a runner for my garage door entrance . Good price for the quality !!
 The cats do n't try to shred it . We use it indoors in front of the sink and just inside the door .
 The blade was an exact match and has worked great this year . No complaints .
 This was more affordable than some other blades we looked at . It 's a lawnmower blade . It fits the mower and cuts the grass .
 These are very good quality blades . We go through our mower blades like crazy because we have six acres . These are the cheapest and best quality aftermarket blades we have found . We have already bought several and intend to buy more in the future .
 Very nice quality and contemporary looking rug . It is meant for indoor or out-I used it in my kitchen by the doorwall where the dogs come in and out of the house and it works great . I ordered another one in a runner for my garage door entrance . Good price for the quality !!
 The cats do n't try to shred it . We use it indoors in front of the sink and just inside the door .
 Very nice quality and contemporary looking rug . It is meant for indoor or out-I used it in my kitchen by the doorwall where the dogs come in and out of the house and it works great . I ordered another one in a runner for my garage door entrance . Good price for the quality !!
 The cats do n't try to shred it . We use it indoors in front of the sink and just inside the door .
 I ordered 3 replacement blades for my lawn mower . The item was of good quality at a reasonable price .
 Very nice quality and contemporary looking rug . It is meant for indoor or out-I used it in my kitchen by the doorwall where the dogs come in and out of the house and it works great . I ordered another one in a runner for my garage door entrance . Good price for the quality !!
 The cats do n't try to shred it . We use it indoors in front of the sink and just inside the door .
 Looks professional and build quality looks good , very pleased with purchase - good value for money . I recommend this product to anyone wanting a basic temp/humidity gauge that blends into your deco and for little money .
 Positives
 Great product . Works fine and seems very accurate . Good range from sender to receiver . For pool temps you can place sensor around pump line .
 It actually works - as advertised ... Amazing ! Easy to understand instructions , accurate readings and easy to understand technology . I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 I looked around for a long time before I decided to purchase this particular product . Everything else was much more expensive and too complicated for what I wanted . I wanted to know the indoor temperature and I wanted to know the outdoor temperature . That 's it ! This piece of equipment from La Crosse was perfect for my needs . It 's inexpensive , easy to set up and does the job . What more do you want ?
 More accurate than any others at this price , Easy to set up and use . Purchased one for myself and other for gift . I had a previous model which I liked and this one is for my summer home .
 -LRB- PROS -RRB- Purchased this La Crosse unit to monitor the temperature of my outside sheds interior , I wanted to have the ability to keep a close eye of the temperature due to housing a few water cooled motorcycles . The extra remote probe was an added feature which allowed me to also monitor the outside temperature by drilling a small hole under the roofs eave and attached with a small clamp , this helped to keep the probe shaded and out of the weather . -LRB- CONS -RRB- The listed distance of 330 feet my be a bit off , my wooden shed is approximately 100 feet away from the house and the unit would work fine for a few hours before loosing signal . I relocated the remote unit to another interior wall inside the shed and now have to leave the main unit on the window sill inside the house for the item to communicate . I own a brick home , this may not be an issue with a wooden or vinyl siding home .
 I love that this has a remote sensor that I can put in my hot tub . Would have given 5 stars if outdoor unit was weather proof .
 Works great , but the base needs to be larger and with a back light so it can be seen at night .
 This item provides indoor and outdoor temps including saving the high and the lowest temperature of the day . The remote sensor has a digital probe which is great for me as I keep the remote -LRB- which must be kept dry -RRB- inside my chicken coop and the probe out the coop window so I get the real outdoor temperature on channel 2 and the interior coop temperature on channel 1 . And of course , the base inside the house give me the indoor house temp as well as the percent relative humidity.I am amused it 's called a weather station in that it can only supply temperature and the indoor % RH of my house . -LRB- I would consider a `` weather station to also supply at a minimum ; wind speed and direction and a rain gauge . -RRB- It also has a digital clock that must be set.Sometimes the outdoor temp readings disappear , usually they turn back on after some undetermined amount of time . If not you need to remove the batteries from both units and put them back in in the right order -LRB- info available from the manual -RRB- annoying , but it works.One time I thought I would have to buy a new remote sensor as the original fell in a sink while trying to clean chicken crap off of it -LRB- every so often the birds knock it off the wall of the coop and into that mess they make on the dirt floor -RRB- but after using a hair dyer on it , it came back to life , lucky me as the replacement remote is a bit pricey.Gave it 4 instead of 5 stars simply because it 's not perfect and I wish it was backlit because it 's hard to read in a dimly lit room . I did like it and the price enough to buy another for my DH to have one in his pole barn though . mine 2 years now and his a slightly shorter amount of time and both still working fine.BTW supposedly the probe can be submerged in a pond but I 've never tried it . My pond is more than 200 feet from the chicken coop and the cord is only about 6 .
 I chose this unit due to its long advertised wireless range -LRB- 330 feet -RRB- . It is working great for me . In my installation , the remote is about 60 feet from from the base station , with the wireless signal going through an outside wall . Reception is 100 % solid.What 's not entirely clear in the description is that the remote has two sensors
 I recently started homebrewing beer , and I bought this thermometer about six weeks ago to monitor the temperature of the beer as it ferments.General comments : - I like the size of the base . It 's not some huge contraption that takes up a lot of room on my desk . I do n't need it to predict the weather , I just wanted something to tell me the temperature locally , and at a remote sensor -LRB- which it does well ! -RRB- . - The base LCD offers good contrast , as long as you look down at it slightly . At perpendicular , and anything below that -LRB- ie
 I waited 6 months to write this review . I was concerned with battery life . So far there has been no problems with the original batteries.I would say for the money this is about as good a deal as there is . I bought it for the remote sensor and probe . I have the remote in my greenhouse at least 150 ft. from the base unit . It works great . I also like the humidity sensor on the base unit.I would have liked the base unit to be a little larger , but it 's not bad . All in all , this is a very good indoor/outdoor thermometer .
 The WS-9029U-IT Wireless Weather Station with probe has the features you can enjoy and will want . I end up looking at it several times a day , watching the outside temperature that updates every 4 seconds and can read down to -39.8 . And , when the waterproof probe is used , you can press the set button to toggle between the outside sensor and probe to see the various temperatures . Great feature to have when you want to know the temperature in the ground or in your pool . This unit also display the time , min/max temperature and inside humidity . Overall , a wonderful little weather station that my family truly enjoy 's .
 Good unit , has decent range , and is so convenient that you can look to see what the temp is outside , without having to go outside . I am not a nerdy person , but I look at the screen before I leave every morning to know what to wear.Definitely make sure to remote sensor does not get direct sunlight , as it will suggest it 's 50C outside when it might only be 28C . All in all , a really useful gadget .
 The product works as advertised . I use the two remote probes to measure the temperature outside , and in a kennel where my dogs sleep . The remote probes are probably 80-100 ' away from the central unit and at times it does not register the temp , but most of the time it works flawlessly .
 This replaces an older unit from Home D that died after 8 years . I use the outside probe sensor for pool temperature and it works well . As a plus , this also sends outside air temperature which my old unit did not do . Only drawback is for the 2 outside temperatures you must toggle the display manually . Auto scroll would be nice . Also it states that the probe length is 10 feet , but it is more like 6 . Overall it works vey well and looks nice and modern especially compared to the unit it replaces .
 The set up was easy to do , and the directions are easy to remember . I compared the temperatures of this thermometer with an ACU RITE digital thermometer and all temps were within 2/10 of one degree , so who would know which one is the most accurate.I would stress that when comparing the two together you may have to wait several hours for the temps to finally stop fluctuating.I also tested for distance by placing the sensor in a closed 5gal bucket 260 feet from my house . The indoor unit was separated from the outdoor unit by one exterior wall and the bucket , the unit worked fine , I will also add that the indoor unit was in a room full of electronic items that where also running.If you think your unit is not reading temps correctly I would wait up to 24 hours after moving the units to get the most accurate readings . I would buy another one .
 Nice product.After two weeks it is working well . Wireless so far has worked as indicated.It does not record time and date of min/max recording which I wanted .
 I live in Michigan and grow dahlias . The dahlia tubers are pulled out of the ground and stored all winter but must not freeze . I keep the tubers in the garage and monitor the temperature from in the house . So easy .
 Easy to set up , easy to read . Provides all the information desired in accessible format . Appears well made and is well designed . Good value .
 wonderful ! my friend really loves it . it replaced a very old mercury unit that should have been discarded a long time ago ! and you can put the master unit ANYWHERE you like ! love it !
 We like this gauge . We have n't found any that last a long time , but this one makes sense . We like the monitor out of the pool , and the long , thin sensor that goes in the pool .
 I am using this to montior our guest house which is about 200 feet from the main house since I have the heat down when noone is using it . I also purchased an additional remote that I have in our wine cellar to monitior the temperature in that room . The unit works better then I thought it would and has three seperate channels .
 I 've had mine almost a year now , base station on a shelf , remote in a little cedar house , probe dangling 4 ' down in the pool - has worked great , no problems at all , and temp within a degree of thermometer measurements at the same location . Could n't ask for anything more .
 Great little thermometer I am using for my pond . I have not had a problem receiving temperature readings about 100 feet away through glass or brick . The cord is way too short so I did not give it 5 stars . The directions say the device is not waterproof , so it should be protected under the eaves . Not sure how the short cord could reach under an eave . I put it in a rubber maid container for the winter to protect it but that is a short term solution . Cord should be at a minimum of 20ft . Seems to be accurate as it matches the non-digital temp in the pond . I do n't know about accurate air temp as the rubber maid container does not provide an accurate environment.I tried the Brookstone brand first and it would n't work through the walls . Plus the battery -LRB- although protected -RRB- was in the water.I would recommend this product .
 My hot water heater is located in the attic and is equipped with a `` Easy Heat '' heater tape to keep the lines from freezing . I taped the probe -LRB- displays as Input # 2 on the base unit -RRB- on the cold water supply line and am now able to read the attic ambient -LRB- displays as Input # 1 on the base unit -RRB- and pipe wall temperatures remotely . -LRB- I just felt like I needed a `` back-up '' to know for sure the heater tape was functioning properly . Could n't find a less expensive alternative anywhere ! Only reason for not giving five stars is because the unit lacks an alarm point setting capability .
 This Lacrosse product is the perfect wireless temperature gauge for the person who needs to know what 's happening outside.This is not the fanciest one of these . It does however work just fine . It 's easy to setup and actually has two outdoor sensors in the same module .
 I recommended this product on my Koi Garden blog as a recommended Holiday Gift guide -LSB- ... -RSB- . Later I wrote this review of the product on the same blogsite -LSB- ... -RSB- and on my Yahoo List.This is a neat product.Every once in a while I come across a product that I just have to report back about . I have written about our 10 recommended gifts for the Koi Gardener . This holiday season I received a present off that list . It has allowed me the opportunity to install and try out the product in more detail . It is a product that really makes Koi Gardening a lot easier.I received a La Crosse Technology WS-9029U Wireless Weather Station with Digital Time . Essentially , it reports both the time and any temperatures of interest to a Koi Gardener ; any temperature , both air and water . Plus it is expandable just by purchasing more remote temperature sensors . It is the perfect gift for the fanatical Koi Gardener with a penchant for technology . I have it set up to report on internal house temperature , external air temperature , and the temperature of the water in the pond , all from the convenience of my home . I could purchase an additional sensor to report on the water temperature of the filter assembly , but really , one water temperature reading for the pond is enough , even for me ... Before you think that this is a technological solution looking for a problem , think about the cold winter days that you can avoid walking out to the pond and measuring the temperature . The argument becomes even stronger if you have snow and ice covering the pond . I now look forward to those days , when I can check the temperatures from the warmth of my house ... . Plus it will serve as round one in my war with the Raccoons -LSB- ... -RSB- . Installation is straightforward and easy . About the only problem is finding the right batteries for both the base station -LRB- AA batteries -RRB- and remote sensor -LRB- AAA batteries -RRB- ... I will report back with any reliability problems in the future ... 1/08/10 Update
 This unit was easy to set up . It gives accurate readings , updated every 4-5 seconds . I recommend it highly .
 this allows us to check temperature inside & outside our greenhouse from the comfort of our home ... no wires to fool with and inexpensive to replace the sensor unit if it eventually succumbs to greenhouse heat and humidity ... no other units we found at anywhere near this price remotely monitor 2 temperatures .
 I use this to monitor the temperature in my green hoop for growing vegetables over the winter . Able to monitor soil temperature as well as air temperature from one sensor . Not sure if unit can stand the high humidity , so wrapped in plastic .
 I have put the remote unit -LRB- including 2nd sensor probe -RRB- on the top of a 30 ' frost protection tower . It is wrapped in a cloth and plastic bag to protect from weather exposure . I can read this reliably from inside my house , about 200 ' away and through two walls . This gives me an indication of differential temperatures from any inversion layer which is necessary for the frost protection in my vineyard . It 's been up for over a month in cold and warm , wet and dry conditions and works fine . The only drawback -LRB- hence 4 stars -RRB- is the different reading from the remote and probe sensors , even though they are enclosed in the same wrapping . The differance is not great , varying from 0.0 to 1.0 degree . Ideally they would always be identical , but my experience with digital thermometers is that they never read identically.Overall , an excellent remote unit .
 This product is accurate and easy to set-up . Long range transmission is very good . I am very happy with this gadget .
 The system works good , and when I want to see the temperature in C is easy to change the configuration .
 Simple , functional , and works exactly as advertised . What more is there to say . If you buy this , and you know what you 're getting , you wo n't be disappointed .
 For the price , if you want just a really good temp gauge without all the frills and easy to read this is it . Easy set up and is VERY accurate
 After researching products to kill white flies I came across a review saying this product would not only fertilize but help with the flies . Well my plants are loving it . With the use of Bayer Natria insecticidal soap and Wiggle Worm , flies and eggs are gone . A plus with this product it 's organic and a fertilizer , used it on all my plants . Love It !
 This fertilizer is definitely an excellent product ... My sweet potato plants have never looked better ! They were hurting during the winter but now they 're starting to look up .
 I love worm castings . Honestly -- it is the best way to fertilize , protect the soil , and deter pests from my garden . I am seriously considering buying a worm factory because I have found such great results with the castings . The worm `` tea '' spray helped me rid of nearly all the spiral whitefly attacking my fruit trees and heliconias all while foliar feeding !
 Will not know if this is as good as it 's cracked up to be until spring when I attempt to use it !
 Finally got to try out my pool saddle last week . I adore it ! Works as described . There was a break-in period - of a day or two - for me or for the paddle saddle - not sure which . It helps to have a swim noodle as a stabilizer during the break-in period.I weigh 145 pounds , I 'm not sure whether it works as well for a much-lighter or much heavier person . I was floating with the water just at shoulder level . Ca n't wait to take it on vacation again !
 okay , we live in a 55 and active community ... and of course ... going to the pool and talking is what it is all about ... man , you get into this thing ... and you can exercise your legs and arms while getting all the latest &#34; poop &#34; ... what a fun way to spend an afternoon !
 We get out on the boat , hang out on the water , a sip a few beers . This is much better than a life jacket , holds you up much better .
 I did not get a chance to use this year , as the home I purchased in August had a pool , but I never got the time to use it . Maybe next year when I re-open the pool . Looks like fun . It is substantial and good quality .
 We really liked the 4 pool saddles we purchased but , all 4 had something wrong with them . There were tears in them , pin pricks on sides -LRB- possibly from staple guns -RRB- . I returned all 4 of them and am not ordering any more .
 We needed flag holders that did n't take up much space , and looked nice . These fit the bill . I am very happy with the finish and design , and they hold different sized posts equally well.The only downside was the shipping time when purchased from ProMax Commerce . The company took 7 working days to ship the order , so I did n't receive the package until a full two weeks after the order was placed .
 Purchased this for my son for Christmas and he really likes it . Nice he does not have to empty and has been keeping track of his rain .
 Great to know how much rain without going outside . Nice large display . Would not be without it . Can also be mounted on the fence .
 The La Crosse WS-9004U wireless rain gauge was easy to install using the installation instructions and worked very well as advertised . I wish I would have installed one of these earlier instead of trying to read a rain tube from a distance without getting wet .
 I 'm impressed with how well this inexpensive unit seems to work . I think the way it handles the 24 hour measurement could be more flexible - ca n't set it to mean in the last calendar day for example . The wireless range has been good and it is clear and easy to use .
 I have had this rain gauge for several months now . It works great , had no problem setting it up . It is interesting during a downpour to watch the totals go up . I reset it each month .
 This is the second La Crosse wireless rain gauge I have had and I love it . I live at the coast where we receive an abundent amount of rain , and it is more pleasant to read the gauge from inside the house than going outside in a storm to dump or read the rain gauge accumulation amount . Also , is great for watering needs in the summer flower beds with our sandy soil .
 Easy to use and get set up ... I have a couple of LaCross Tech . products and have no complaints with any of them ... batteries seem to last forever ... there are other LaCross products that have a few more features but this serves our needs very well .
 Works great and I highly recommend this item to anyone who want to record rain fall amounts .
 Bought this rain gauge a few weeks ago . Mounted the sending unit next to my glass rain gauge . After our first rain , both the mechanical and new La Crosse gauges were identical . In the instructions it says to remove the battery to clear the 24 hr reading . When I did that I would loose the signal from the sending unit and have to go through the setup again . I found out that if you only reset the top display the 24 hr will re-zero in 24 hrs . Works for me . Love mine and the price is really reasonable to not have to empty after each rain . I would recommend this to anyone interested in a simple , inexpensive rain gauge .
 Love the two digit gauge feature . The self empty feature means that we just set it out back and leave it . No regular trips to the gauge to see how much we got .
 This rain gauge is not terribly user-friendly in that the controls do not work in a very intuitive fashion.The gauge measures rain over the previous 24 hours , updating continuously , with the top display indicating the total rainfall accumulated . The `` reset '' button will put the 24-hour rain back to zero , but the ONLY way to reset the total rainfall to zero is to remove the batteries from the unit . If you do this , sometimes zeroes do n't display but dashes -- appear in their place , and then you have to take the batteries out again . However , this gadget does work , and it probably is reasonably accurate . For someone who does n't want to spend a lot of money , this is not a bad buy .
 Product works great and saves many steps when wanting to konw how much it has rained . You never have to worry about remembering to empty the rain guage because it does it for you . Numbers are large enough to read unlike other wireless guages I have seen .
 This is a fun little toy . It works great so far and it was easy to get it installed .
 YaI have a friend who operates some of the largest greenhouses I know of . Absolutely huge whom I can go to for advice.She is a doll and helps me freely so I asked her for a recommendation and she said Dramm.I had seen them and considered them but after her report I wasted no time.I will now make further purchases without hesitation.The nozzle I purchased for seedlings is everything I hoped for.I use it daily but the need for others grows daily.Train
 Bought this as a replacement to a smaller square gas grill I had which failed via valve malfunction . I wanted stainless construction for longevity and ease of cleaning . Disappointed that screws and hardware were not stainless , therefore I replaced all hardware with stainless for about $ 8.00 . Wood handle is poorly finished so with some sanding and 2 coats of polyurethane the grill handle now looks great . When cooking for one or two people this grill is perfect . For a crowd I still use my large charcoal oval Weber grill I 've had for 20 years . Recommend if your needs are for a simple small grill . Dripping of fat I feared would be a problem but shroud in lower part of grill burns off the grease without any drips onto table below .
 read about grill catching fire was worried but i found problem if you place grill on floor or table the legs are short and gas cyl . is almost horizontal liquid goes in regulator and burner solution place on edge of table so tank is upright and it works great very hot -LSB- use low -RSB-
 When I see a product on Amazon that has a punch of 5 star review 's and most of the reviewers have only one review to their credit , I suspect the reviews are stacked in favor of the product . Likewise , when I see a bunch of 1 star reviews wherein the reviewers have only one review to their credit , I suspect these reviews are stacked against the product , as in the case of this grill . See my comment to the reviewer who 's picnic table caught on fire in the rain because the valve on this grill was frozen with ice . Fire and Ice within 2 inches of each other . Hard wood catching on fire in the rain ? How long did he leave is hamburgers unattended in the freezing ice rain that caused a fire ? The reviews for this product do not stand up to reason . That aggravates me ! , as it frustrates my search for products.I live in South West Florida . I expect a cheap table top grill like this one , to last one summer season . I expect the rack to rust within that season , but of course I hold out hope for more and sometimes I get it . One reviewer complained that he grilled several times a week and after 2 years ! his rack rusted ... WHAT !? After 3 times a week for two years !!? That rack should have rusted well before two years , unless this little grill has a really great rack.My point is this . I have had plenty of portable propane grills . Most last one summer season in MY most extreme environment of SW Florida . There is something wrong with the reviews for this grill . I would purchase , believing most of the reviews for this item are false , if the price were $ 35.00 , because I know I will have to replace it next summer season and that is my budget , not based on these reviews .
 This item here I am very impress because it heats up really fast and better than the rest of the portable grill that I purchase before . I highly recommend this and really got a bargain for this grill
 I just spent 20 gallons of stain on my deck which took me about 4HRS in 90-plus degree heat . This sprayer DID NOT miss a beat ! Spraying , from ease to finish quality , is truly outstanding in every way ! The adjustable nozzle is sensitive yet far from too sensitive and it 's very easy to get the exact pattern you desire . Everything about this product is TOP quality . I HIGHLY recommend this product as it 's by FAR the very best sprayer I 've EVER owned . Chapin is the ONLY sprayers I will buy from now on . Very happy customer ! An EASY five stars . Amazon as usual were outstanding !
 I had a Solo and loved it until I accidently ran over it with the truck . Took 4 months to get the SP2 , but well worth the wait . The SP2 is contructed of very study material . The shoulder straps are wide and thickly padded . The wand is made of good quality brass . The pump handle is reversible with one cotter key adjustment for storage . High pressure gets me up in the trees for tent worm spraying . Just a delightful product in so many ways .
 This sprayer works great big jobs . It is much easier to carry 3 or 4 gallons as a backpack than 2 or 3 gallons on a single shoulder strap . Being able to pump up the preasure as you work rather than having to set the sprayer down to pump up the preasure is also easier and allows more uniform preasure over the whole contents . It helps to have a waist high shelf to set the unit on so you can just step into the harness rather than lifting it up onto your back . The unit also comes with a variety of spray nozzles for different applications .
 I 've been using those 2 gallon pump sprayers for years , hating it each time i had to use it . This SP2 is a joy to use , and the convenient pump handle makes it effortless to keep spraying pressure at a high and steady level . I do n't think this sprayer should be downgraded by one reviewer , if there was a problem with the delivery . Amazon delivered in 4 days , and the sprayer is outstanding .
 The SP2 Sprayer works very well and does not leak from the bottom seal -LSB- as advertised -RSB- I have had the pleasure to spray several gallons of different organic herbicides and insecticides through the SP2 and have been very happy with the performance and ease of use . I thought that the SP2 would be used for only large area coverage but have found that its ease in use and especially cleanup have made it easier to use for small spray applications also . I have retired my old one hander .
 I have been wrestling with 3 gallon , over the shoulder sprayers for years ; used seasonally for defoliants and insecticides . Looking for greater convenience and pressure range , I shopped the available products and ordered the SP2 because of the overall quality , features and ` no leak ' claim . Delivery was quick , assembly was intuitive and , with a little vaseline on the lid gasket , - no leaks!A little awkward to handle and store , the SP2 is at it 's best when on your back . It 's powerful , retains pressure well and , due to thickly padded shoulder straps , carries without discomfort . I got the 20 '' brass wand , which is well engineered and functional , from spray head to clean out valve.A good tool , worth the few extra bucks !
 I had a previous model , I think it was the estate keeper , but was sold under the RL Flomaster name . I had it for 21/2 seasons and broke it at where the trigger and hose connect . Based on cost to replace , I just bought the SP2 . I love it ! Great pressure , super comfortable , short pump stroke and am confident it will last a long time . I spray chlorine products and always run a gallon or two of H2O through it after every use . Do n't bother buying what home depot or lowes is selling this season , their worthless .
 I have had this for several years now and it still works great . I use it several times every year -LRB- house cleaning , deck cleaning , insecticide use etc. . . -RRB- . I would however recommend buying an extension wand for spraying very high areas -LRB- 2nd flr of homes -RRB- . I have dropped this sprayer several times -LRB- by accident of course -RRB- and it still works great . Pump has not loss any strength over the years .
 Best darn sprayer I have in my arsenal , I 'm in my garden a lot and I love this sprayer over all the rest .
 Arrived quickly and without damage as I reasonably expected . No problems -- functions flawlessly to date . Much more expensive than typical one-gallon garden sprayer , BUT ... Saves much bending compared to small pump sprayers . Easier on wrists when pumping . More corrosion resistant than many other sprayers . Covers a lot of area . Some chemicals very corrosive if left in pump mechanisms and not rinsed out after use ! Three to Four tanks loads cover 3000ish square foot yard when spraying for heavy weed infestation . I refuse to buy riding mower with battery powered towed sprayer and accessories . The kind of experience all Amazon purchases or transactions should be .
 I now have three sprayers . I bought this one as it was advertised to have a spray distance of 20 feet and none of my others have a range of more than a couple feet . I had some weeds that I had to knock down from a distance . The needle point nozzle reaches about 15 feet , the 20 feet as advertised would really have to be an arc to get there.Another nice feature of this sprayer is that the handle actually has a lock where you can lock the wand in a spray mode and not have to continually squeeze the trigger . This is great for spraying with the fan nozzles.Didn ' t really take much notice at the time , just thinking it was the advertising pictures . But unlike many other sprayers , this does n't rely on an in hose suction hose . The spray actually presses the liquid out the bottom as opposed to pressing it up a hose.Honestly , it took 10-15 pumps for a gallon of herbicide and that pretty much was enough pressure to use that entire gallon . This really does effectively make use of the pressure.The manual is pretty lacking however . There is nothing that tells you which included tip does what .
 I was looking for a sprayer that I could use for all types of gardening uses . I use organic fertilizer mixtures and foliar feed my plants and trees . The SP systems sprayer has the pressure and distance to cover all the plants and trees in my yard . I am very pleased with the Farm and Home 2-gallon compression sprayer .
 This is a great sprayer ! I have used it eight times and it works great . Charge the tank and put it on . You can spray and pump at the same time . Works great ! I have found no issues with this sprayer . Comes with two knozzles that give you different widths of spray . Wished I had bought this years ago ! One little thing , when you are spraying in the summer and charge the tank with cold water , the tank on your back helps cool you down !
 I purchased the 528 backpack sprayer from Amazon outlet at a good discount . It was listed as like new . It arrived in an original slightly damaged box with no instructions . I wanted to use it to spray fruit trees . Like new should have been USED with an unknown chemical inside . Not wanting to damage my trees it took me two days of cleaning to remove the blue chemical that was inside . Beware of the product you buy that may affect YOU .
 My husband really likes this product , since he 's the one doing the spraying , I 'll have to take his word for it . No complaints .
 I bought this after being frustrated with having to purchasing a new sprayer every spring because they corroded , leaked or just did n't hold up . The SP sprayer is expensive but worth every penny . Mine came with a fractured pump tube and after I contacted SP through their website , I had a new pump tube within a week . The customer service was excellent and the sprayer holds pressure for far longer than any sprayer I have tried -LRB- and I have tried lots of brand name sprayers -RRB- . Get this sprayer and you wo n't need another one next year .
 This sprayer is awesome . I decided to get this sprayer after the multiple disappointments with big box store sprayers . This one hold pressure as advertised for quite some time after pumping . The spray wand is top notch as is the brass nozzle . Even the hose is nice and thick and not prone to kinking . The handle and body are tough plastic . I just may have to buy another .
 Real profesional grade . I have had this for two seasons and have been very happy . You do not see this quality in the big box stores .
 My rating
 I was very hesitant about spending the money for a nicer sprayer , but I spent a few hours on the Internet and reseached what everyone said . This was the only sprayer for under $ 100 that people did n't seem to have a problem with . And , I agree ! It 's wonderful . It was fantastic . I only had one problem , and that was my fault because I did n't release the pressure , like the instructions said , before I filled up the tank again . It splattered.I used this product to spray my grass green , so it was very easy to use the mixture because of the opening on the top was very large . This product worked so much better than I every expected . I would give it 10 starts . Also , no drips at all , and you can easily adjust the sprayer on the nozzel.Just be careful after you are finished to do as the instructions say and turn it upside down and relase the pressure . No problem . It 's light weight and extremely easy to you . What a nice surprise to get something that worked better than I expected .
 This is a quality item . Right out of the box you can tell that this sprayer is built very well and built to last . I used it the first time this morning , and the spray pattern is very even . I did n't have to re-pump the sprayer at all for my whole front yard . After going through three cheaper sprayers , I wish I 'd spent the extra cash on this one in the first place ! It 's definitely worth every penny .
 This is a simple , basic sprinkler that sprays a nice water pattern in quiet fashion . I 've been using those quick-release hose connections on all my hoses for years now so it 's nice that this sprinkler has one of those hose connections built in .
 I found this very easy to use and program , and a simple button lay out.Does very well with timing and such .
 Great product . Easy to program , multiple levels of use , multiple zone arrangements , easy to override and use manually without interrupting the existing programming . Replaced my old one and had this one up and running in about an hour .
 This was a replacement for an existing system . Works well , I just wish it would 've come with the adapter to match existing box .
 Makes a difficult job much easier . The best sprayer I have used so far .
 I like this back pack sprayer , works very well just need to learn how to time the spray not to use it to long in one spot . It has a great build and lots of presure to do the job I needed it for and it came with 4 nozzels well worth the money .
 I just bought the SP Systems SP0 sprayer about a month ago for spraying pesticides on my small fruits and dwarf fruit trees . I had been using another backpack sprayers - an old DB Smith unit - that I had a lot of problems with , and did not generate very good pressure . The SP0 is a dream to use compared to the old one . The SP0 has a 4 gallon capacity and is reasonably comfortable for a backpack sprayer , compared to the DB Smith and one other that I use for roundup.I have never tried a Solo , but from my research on other forums it looked like the SP Systems line was more highly regarded by commercial users.The SP0 generates pressure of up to 150 PSI , is easy to pump , only requires pumping once every 5 seconds or so once it is pressurized -LRB- takes about 10-15 pumps to initially pressurize well -RRB- . Has viton seals which are resistant to various chemicals . It comes with several nozzles and can take other standard Teejet nozzles . I 've been spraying grapes and brambles with the SP0 , both of which have fairly dense canopies . The SP0 appears to have good canopy penetration do the the high pressure . And it has a built in agitator device for helping keep wettable powders in suspension . I use a lot of wettable powders , making the agitation feature very valuable . -LRB- Now I no longer have to do a little dance every couple of seconds to make sure the powders stay in suspension - neighbors probably thought I was a little looney . -RRB- NOTE
 I was familiar with the name but not the product and was hesitant with the high price . High end Solo product was about $ 60 cheaper . The nice thing was that I found the SP0 for about the same price as the SP1 on Amazon so it was an easy choice to get one with the jet agitation for wettable powders.The assembly instruction were really not that helpful so it took a minute to lay everything out to make sure I was doing the little bit of assembly correctly . All parts are high quality . The brass tip works great . I am able to adjust the spray pattern without chemicals leaking all over my hands . The pump handle is easy to use and easy to tell by resistance when I am reaching maximum pump pressure . It 's also easy to reach behind and pull the cotter pen out if you forget and leave the handle in the storage position after strapping the tank on . I did n't find a chest strap necessary but it would make a nice added feature . Spray patterns are repeatable and consistent.To my knowledge , the tank does not come with any markings to gauge the amount of liquid inside . I simply took a one gallon jug and filled it one gallon at a time and used a permanent marker to make a hash mark showing the level on the side of the tank . I would purchase this product again and would recommend it to others who do a decent amount of spraying .
 I was looking for a sprayer that would handle `` Surround WP '' a non-toxic micro-particle kaolin clay used to discourage the Plum Curculio from deposing eggs in fruit on fruit trees . This clay is mixed in water to form a slurry that is sprayed on the fruit . The insects ca n't stand the feel of it , it annoys them so they avoid the areas that are sprayed . Organic gardeners use this to control insects without poisons . I googled this and could find very little information on sprayers that would not clog with wettable powders . My cousin told me about the SP Systems SPO sprayer and said that might work . So I took a gamble and bought this sprayer.Another concerned was whether pumping up the pressure would be difficult . Some sprayers I tried in the past were a real challenge to your arm strength and a royal pain.I am happy to report that this sprayer is fantastic and it works flawlessly with `` Surround WP '' . Also , the pump travel is only about 6 '' and it is so easy to pump , requiring hardly any effort . You do not need to remove this backpack sprayer from your back to pump it . The pump handle sticks out near your left elbow and pumps with an easy downward motion . It pumps up surprisingly fast - a quick 20 pumps and it is ready to go . Not only that , but each pumping action stirs the mixture so the powder does not settle . The directions say to give it a pump every 5 seconds to stir the mixture . I thought that would be a hassle , but it is so easy , and a non-issue . One thing , for those of us that do n't read directions , the directions say to put a light coat of oil on the cover gasket to prevent air leaks . I used a Q-Tip to apply some mineral oil . That worked well - no leaks . This needs to be done each time you use it.It comes with four different sprayer nozzles . I like the adjustable brass nozzle for `` Surround WP '' . You can adjust the spray from wide to narrow and the distance it travels from a few inches to about 20 feet . The greater the distance , the narrower the spray.Being a backpack sprayer , it is so easy to climb my orchard ladder with my hands free . No canister to lug around and juggle.It is a 4-gallon sprayer . My concern was if I only wanted to spray one-quart would it work . The answer is yes . You could put in just one cup and it will work until that one cup is gone . It turned out I needed about 3 quarts to spray 24 young fruit trees and a large fruit tree.Cleaning is easy . Put some fresh water in a couple of times and sprayed it out . I found cleaning went much faster if I removed the nozzle.I never imagined spraying could be so easy . I was pleasantly surprised and I highly recommend this sprayer for use with `` Surround WP '' .
 Saves chemical and can get up to 35 feet in the air . Eliminates my power sprayer for all but termite foundation rod work .
 I have owned this sprayer and used it often for about 2 years . I own and operate a nursey/greenhouse business so I get plenty of use out of this thing . It is far and above the best quality sprayer I have owned . The price may be higher that some other units but as the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' . This may be a little more than the average homeowner needs but it will outlast anything else you buy.Week in and week out I spray everything from fruit trees to vegetables with solutions of liquids , wettable powders , and anything else that is required . This sprayer has always performed perfectly . You can generate very high pressures with this sprayer to spray even very tall trees with a little adjustment to the nozzle . I give this unit 5 stars because for the money I do n't think you can buy a better sprayer .
 Excellent for use with wettable powders , keeps product in suspension with triple action pump . High pressure allows distance desired for application of chemical on trees .
 Ordered item on a Monday -LRB- holiday -RRB- ; recieved it on Wednesday , less than 48 hours after order . The sprayer is very durable and easy to use , particularly for fruit trees . Not something you 'd find at Wal Mart or Lowe 's . Highly recommend it .
 I bought this 6 years ago . I am a small vineyard -LRB- 50 VINES -RRB- beside my suburban house , and this unit continues to perform well . The agitator is needed fro some of the more `` thick '' fungicides . My only frustration is the number of pumps it can take before it begins to build pressure . . sometimes as many as 50 . Once the valve catches , its a treat . Rarely clogs and easy to clean . It is tricky to put it on with a full load , so I typically only fill it 2/3 's , so as not to damage my back!Worth the extra few dollars
 Have owned for a few years now and it is BY FAR the best sprayer I have owned . Husband uses it for traditional applications and we own a log home which requires constant maintenance and this is perfect for applications of many different liquid products . If this thing ever does die , it will be replaced by another just like it !
 Nothing negative to say and I would buy again . Have had and used for a few years now and no clogs drips or fittings needing attention .
 Stick with the solo that cost about $ 85 . Do n't need the 150psi pressure because its so hard to pump it up to the higher pressure . Good product . solid built . Like the different tips . Have pumped about 75 gallons through mine with no problems . Good tricept burn after about 10 gallons .
 Excellent product ! This sprayer is ideal for all my needs . Have had 2-4 gal . hand-held tank sprayers for years . Always hated spraying chores with those `` old '' sprayers . The backpack is the best !!!!! and pumps up much more pressure for far longer than any of the `` old '' hand-held tank sprayers ever imagined . Well worth the money !
 This item is perfect for our needs ! The order process was very smooth , delivery timely and the shipment arrived in excellent condition - well packed . We love the sprayer and would recommend this to anyone in the market for a professional quality sprayer . We actually use it to water our indoor and outdoor plants .
 I 've always liked this clipper . I used to have it under a different name and searched to replace it . I love the clipper . There 's not much else to say about it . The long handle is a different story . It 's great when you can get it attached but that 's not always easy . Sometimes it goes right on and other times it seems almost impossible to click into place . When attached , it 's a nice convenience , but it can be knocked off a little too easily . But as I said , I had it before under the name of the previous manufacturer and liked it enough to search for it , find it , and buy it again , flaws and all .
 This is a must for ease of clipping with the clipper/shrubber that is made by the same company . Really helps a senior citizen who does her own yard .
 I have bad knees and I love to garden . This helps alot .
 Fast shipment . Great for my dad 's hand trimmer as he can not bend over at all these days . A big help for his trimming needs .
 After reading the reviews , I had some reservations about ordering this tool . I went ahead and ordered it anyway.This tool is mainly to be used by my wife who has back trouble.After using the tool for the first time she was very impressed . She could do all the trimming without bending.She said the tool fit the trimmer well and was easy to use.A decent tool for a decent price.I would recommend this tool after watching it in use .
 Works well but is not as sturdy as a previously owned Black and Decker similar product . The two piece handle does not fit tightly where the sections connect . This causes some wobble when in use . Other than that it does what we want and expected it to do .
 Handle is easy to use and a great back saver for use during light touch up trimming of grass around lawn edges and flower beds .
 It fits the American Gardener grass cutter easily and securely , and works perfectly with my bad back .
 This handle is a great time & back saver . I 've had the Clip 'n' Shear for over 2 years now and the handle only a few months , I wish I would have gotten it sooner . The handle is very light which makes it easy to use , I generally run out of battery power long before my arms get tired ! It is so much nicer to use the trimmer while standing than while on my knees . The wheels can be handy but with one hand on the handle grip and the other a little way down on the handle it is easy to manipulate the trimmer anywhere I need to use it .
 I , too , read the reviews and decided to get the handle anyway . I , too , experienced the difficulty of attachment . Carefully , from every possible angle , I tried to attach the handle to the shear . Finally , I had to ask my patient and talented husband to try . He , too , was gratifyingly baffled for awhile . Eventually , however , the answer was discovered . The problem is on the shear . The lower pin on the shear is slightly bent at the wrong angle to insert into the handle . Even though it will work with the charger , the tight confines of the handle wo n't let it in . A tiny adjustment solved the problem and the switch and everything work great !! I wish the handle was a bit more heavy duty , but otherwise , it does all it claims to do .
 Well , Im 70 and cant `` get down '' in that way , anyway !!! I have men who do the mowing and weed eating but there are times , I have to sorta trim in between , especially flowers , which I wont let them cut around ... so I ordered the handle to my little cutter , and it works quite well , no stooping . . not quite as much control as with the hand , but hey , , , who wants to put their hand down in a bunch of grass or weeds ... . I dont . . scary ... so its a good thing a Martha Stewart says ... thank you
 I had been looking for an inexpensive but classy pineapple door knocker and this product is both . Great Find !!!
 This order is the second pair I have purchased . This new pair is for an elderly relative , I also ordered the handle attachment for it for her . Before I gave that to her I tried it on my shears , that is probably going to be my next purchase . The shears are lightweight and they do hold their charge for at least 45 minutes .
 I debated over 2 or 3 gal model , probably should have got both . Do n't bother buying cheap , this is well made and lifetime sprayer .
 My experience with the 2 gal sp systems yardtender made me purchase this 3 gallon model . It is everything that I expected and in my opinion well worth the money . Sure cheaper sprayers cost 1/3 the price but I believe the durability and superior ease of use is worth the money . The main downside to these tank sprayers is that the pressure is not regulated . If using more touchy products that need to be carefully metered , I would recommend a pressure regulated backpack sprayer that you calibrate to your pace -- 40 psi or so is all you need .
 It came just as I expected it . Timely and looked perfect . I was very satisfied with the flag I received
 This is about the best acid sprayer we have found . The ones I just bought do have a better hose than those of the past . The one thing that could be improved is to add a pour spout to the top molding to facilitate easier pouring back of unused product . Strap is great also .
 In my opinion , SP Systems makes the best sprayers on the market . Good materials , solid construction . this is the second acid sprayer I have owned - the first was purchased 10 years ago and finally became worn out , despite my repairs - SP Systems repair parts are good too . I noticed evolutionary improvements on the new sprayer that I had often thought were appropriate .
 I purchased this sprayer for staining my patio . I am completely satisfied with the product , but if you are only doing a small patio and not doing it for a profession , save some money and get a cheap plastic one like from a home improvement store . I used this sprayer and a $ 20 one gallon pesticide sprayer from a home improvement center . I liked the spray pattern on the SP20A which put out a finer spray that the other , but for staining , one rarely needs the accuracy . I also used a squirt bottle to put a mist on areas that were too light , and that worked great also.As a reference , I completed my raised concrete/steel patio that is approximately 530 square feet . I used full strength in the cheap sprayer and squirt bottle -LRB- believe it was 25 % muratic acid -RRB- as well as diluted . Both the SP20A and the cheap $ 20 sprayers are good for the rest of the walkways and drive ways . The squirt bottle did very well and could do more , but they normally do n't last very long with even water , so I am reserving judgment on its comparison .
 Great ordering and shipping , got here sooner then expected . Have not had a chance to use with cleaning acid yet , but the sprayer looks and feels very well built .
 Had same type before and loved it . The old one just finally wore out . Quick and speedy service . Would recommend this to anybody !
 I 've owned several of these over the years , and except for the weight , they are excellent trimmers . They start every time , as opposed to some gas trimmers , and the charge -LRB- battery -RRB- is more than enough to trim my average size suburban lawn.AND I like the fact that I do n't have to drag a cord around the yard.I do , however , wish the battery had a longer life , or at least did n't cost so much to replace . I usually get about 2 years out of a battery , and just purchase another Yardstick .
 This is my second Yardstick Trimmer . It works as good as the first one that I had for about six years . The first trimmer quit working so I bought a second one . Then figured out that all that was wrong with the first one , was the 15 amp fuze needed to be replaced . Now I have two and alternate using them . Have no complaints . Very good product and well made .
 This replaced a Worx , which was under-powered at best . It 's heavier , but it has the power to edge and trim without dragging 100 ' of power cord around or deal with the noise and fuel of a power trimmer . Highly recommend for standard trimming and edging . It probably wo n't clear a field of hay .
 Perfect for the areas that I could n't get with the mower ~ I used it for over an hour and the battery was still ready for more . Easy to do the minimal assembly . Light weight .
 This is the best trimmer I have used and the price was a deal.Keep up the good work .
 I 'm totally sold on buying the American Gardner Yardstick from Amazon.com . I personally think it works Awesome for me . Especially with theheavyer line , .080 . If I were to look back , the only thing I would change , would be to have the batteries on the outside , similar to the B&D. ; Or to offer a rapid charger . Since the chargesometimes seems to end before you get done . However , I still would n't trade it , since I enjoy the heavyer line .
 After trying a Black & Decker NST2018 Grass Hog 18V electric trimmer & being very let down -LRB- no power & very short battery life -RRB- , I was not sure what to expect with this one . WOW , it really trims & cuts GREAT plus the battery last a long time . This trimmer is NOT a plastic piece of junk . It 's very well made & has metal parts where they are needed . I have a 40 acre piece of what I think is almost heaven . But my heaven has rattle snakes & ticks from spring through summer . So I mow & trim a lot around my home & pathways where we walk . My old gas trimmer was loud & very heavy so I wanted to replace it with an electric trimmer . I 'm sure glad that I gave this one a try ! I 've been trimming daily for almost a week now & no problems at all . Very happy with trimmer & the price .
 I was going to get the Worx GT , but read reviews and most said it was not powerful and the battery had a short life . A lot of the articles said the Yardstick 24 was a better choice and I did n't see nearly as many negative reviews . I bought it and have used it 3 times . I cuts through any grass very easily and some smaller other growth . Fro the money , I could n't be happier . The charger makes storage easy . Two things I would change . The string is .08 which is a little thin , but I guess helps the battery last so long . I have replaced the string that came with it with a square string to help with cutting . Also , the Worx GT has a guide wheel on it for edging . The Yardstick would benefit from that . Some of the bad reviews I read said the guard falls off easily . Not a problem with me . Either they did n't attach it correctly or there has been a design change . Highly recommend !
 I have had my problems with battery operated tools - circular saw = a disaster . Lawn mower = disaster # 2 . Honestly , this was the only alternative for me because gas/oil was out of the question , they are just too much trouble to maintain for me and electric trimmers are a huge pain with the cord always pulling out of the outlet , etc. . I did n't have high hopes for this item but it 's really great . It 's a little heavy but it 's balanced well . The only trouble I 've been having is the guard keeps falling off however I am using it far beyond it 's intended level of weeds and frankly being quite rough with it . By the time I got it I was dealing with massive overgrowth and it handled the job really well . Super saver shipping was fantastic . Got it in 3 days for free . I was expecting it to take weeks for delivery . Right on !
 I took a chance on this product without actually seeing one in use . I have a .22 acre lot -LRB- fences , sidewalk and edging all around -RRB- and this trimmer busts through the entire yard without issue but does drain a bit at the end of use -LRB- especially in early Spring when the grass is thicker -RRB- . It 's .080 line holds up much better than the .065 that other models I have used . I saw some complaints about line feed and I have not had problems with that . I also find changing the line/spool out to be easier than other models I have used -LRB- Ryobi/Toro -RRB- . I usually only get three years out of these cordless trimmers so if this one lasts three ... I have no complaints about that either . This one is impressive enough I am considering a new one next season to keep a backup on hand.The only issue I have had is the ` shroud/shield ' that snaps on has popped off a few times . I glued it on with some silicone and it stays on now.April 2012
 I have recently purchased a 24V Cordless Yardstick Trimmer/Edger . I was not expecting much , but must say I am thrilled beyond words . It lives up to all the advertising hype . Since I am now elderly I got tired of fooling with a `` corded '' weed eater , and even when young never had much luck starting a gas powered one . It takes about 30-45 minutes to trim all the areas in my small yard and I have never had to recharge except between using In my opinion this is better that the Black and Decker which is also sold on Amazon . The main complaint with the B&D which I read in the reviews is that it needed to be recharged too often . AGAIN . I am so pleased with my purchase and as usual buying through Amazon was a good experience . I HATE to get out and shop and have bought a super-duper toaster oven as well a vacuum cleaner through Amazon ... not to mention books as gifts for others .
 Have used this a few times to trim & edge an average size residential lawn . Nice , sturdy product so far . Like with any trimmer , you need to take your time reloading the string . Battery lasts long enough to complete the whole job and then some . Four stars until I see how it lasts over time.American Gardener YS24 YardStick 10-Inch 24-Volt Cordless String Trimmer
 I 've had 2 other string trimmers but this is by far the best - worked great after charging up . Light and not hard for a woman to handle to get the job done ! I am impressed . For what I had to do around my yard the unit stayed charged up the whole time . I like the cordless operation . Did n't miss dragging that cord around .
 I have previously used two-cycle gas string trimmers which were difficult to start and required gas mixing . I like that I can simply pull the Yardstick off of the charging cradle and go . The battery has more than enough charge to go around my large corner lot and all the trees . I did attempt to use the edging function on some grass that had encroached onto a sidewalk and found that the recommended string was too wimpy for the task . It broke off twice at the spool causing me to have to take it apart and push it back through the hole . This occured within a matter of a few minutes and I was therefore only able to edge about 8 inches of sidewalk .
 I have more than an acre to deal with , so we have a variety of yard implements . My husband deals with a weed-eater that requires this mixture of gas and oil that is more than I want to handle , and the darn thing is so heavy that I ca n't manage it . On the other hand , I have a much more rigid idea than he does about when I want the lawn right around the house trimmed up . A perpetual conflict until he found this handy little weed eater . It does n't have the power to get those wild blackberries in line , but with one charge , I can get the more civilized part of my yard looking tended to . It is very easy to handle , and comfortable to work with . I would recommend it .
 I have always had an Echo gas weed trimmer . I have had the carburetor rebuilt two times because even my husband could n't start the darn thing . Out the door it went ! Reluctantly , I bought the American Gardener Yardstick because of being 24 volt as opposed to 12 volt , ease of starting , and price . It does the job well , making short work of weeds with pencil sized stems , no fumes , and no noise . Sure it 's sort of heavy , but no more than a gas one . If it were light it would be too flimsy to do the job . I have only used it a few times and I left it always off the charger until it was weak , which was about a month . Maybe the key is that with rechargeable items , you must let them run down so rhey get a full charge . It 's that way with other rechargeable items . I was hesitant to buy but I certainly did n't want an electric one . So far I 'm impressed . Time will tell if it holds up .
 I 've had my yardstick for about a month now and it is just what I needed for trimming after I mow . I have the more powerful gas trimmers for heavier jobs , but I 'm an older woman with back problems and find the yardstick easier to handle for everyday use as I can pick it up and trim a little here and there . It is a bit heavy but well balanced , and I attached a shoulder strapstrap to it . I think it 's a pretty good product for the money .
 I had gotten the last blister from trying to start the gas weedeater and sent it to the garbage . This Yardstick Trimmer is quieter and with easy stop and start , makes getting around the yard easier and safer . I have 2 acres of lawn and can do most of it in one charge . The gas weedeater had more power , but this Yardstick is n't a wimp . No more mixing fuel , no more blisters . Less polution and noise . I think it 's just what I was looking for .
 i 'm surprised anyone would rate the YardStick below 4-stars . i 've had mine almost 3 yrs with weekly 3-season use and it still works perfectly ... the toro or b & ds i previously owned were n't even close 2nds . it easily switches from trimmer to edger and you will appreciate the 24-volts & thicker line . *****
 Ease-of-Use and Versatility ! That 's why you should buy the 24-Volt YardStick Cordless Edger . I did . Think about it , why do you avoid trimming your lawn each and every week ? The trimming and edging really does n't take that long . In my case , the reason I only trimmed about once every three-weeks was , -LRB- 1 -RRB- I needed to uncoil one 100 ft. extension cord for the front yard , -LRB- 2 -RRB- secure and tie the cord at the source and around the trimmer 's handle -LRB- to avoid the `` Houston , we 've got a problem '' power outage -RRB- , -LRB- 3 -RRB- avoid the cord itself , -LRB- 4 -RRB- work a strategy for getting the cord around trees and flower beds , -LRB- 5 -RRB- trim the yard , -LRB- 6 -RRB- then rewind and store the cord ... only to repeat the process for the backyard ! All the real work was in the prep and storage time . What needless pain.So , I did the research , and my wife got me the YardStick for Father 's Day . I looked at other cordless trimmer/edgers , but the recommendations on Amazon for the YardStick , countered by user cautions/comments about other battery -LRB- awkward position of start/power switch -RRB- and gas edgers -LRB- noise/hassle -RRB- , helped me take the plunge and try American Gardener . A look at American Gardener 's web page will help anyone understand that `` trimming is their thing . `` I knew I 'd received a quality product right out of the box . The YardStick , although not a lightweight , was balanced , comfortable to hold , easy to maneuver while being rugged with an elegant/practical design . I 'm a tall person , so the `` turn style-like '' handle adjustments and easy conversion to edger-mode were important . The test drive was a blast . I was amazed at the `` quiet '' torque created by the 24-volt powerhouse . Cordless has come a long way . This is also the only dual ball-bearing motor I could find , and it hums . The precision of the edging feature was a welcomed surprise.The chore that used to waste a good 35 minutes , now only took about 12 - front AND back ! Then , I just placed the YardStick in the charger for next week . Cool .
 Grass trimmer is perfect for a quick follow-up trim on edging around the house . I have a very high maintenance yard with multiple high-end gas mowers and trimmers , but this trimmer compliments the others due to its quick-no hassle touchups around the house . There is absolutely NO hassle as the line never sticks or breaks inside the head . However , keep in mind this is only good for short 15 minute runs and limited to thin grass . The motor is not powerful and there is only a single line off the head , but this is OK for how I use it . One thing I would like added by manufacturer is a quick change secondary battery . The charge time is very long .
 Do you know how many grass trimmers you have to buy before you can actually delegate starting it , changing the line , and keeping it running to your wife ? Well for me it was 5 and this is the only one that works . So easy I may even ask to use it myself . Honestly , if you 've ever had trouble with trimmers , this thing is easy . We have 2.3 acres and it never runs out of charge . It has enough power to do all the jobs we have for it including edging a long walkway and drive . I had my doubts but it really is pretty cool .
 I like the power . I never had any luck with any Black & Decker batterymodels -- no horsepower.I have a small yard -- a tenth of an acre -- and the battery lasts almost exactlytwo years before it wo n't charge anymore . Then I take the battery out , takeit to Lowe 's for recycling and buy a new model YardStick.I do n't know who made the decision to replace the reset button with a fusebut I hope you enjoy whatever reward you received because you caused me pain.My teenage son drags the unit on occasion , it overheats and I have to re-place the fuse.Overall , the unit does the job for me and I will continue to buy theYardStick especially since my son is older and does n't drag it as much .
 I love this product and highly reccomend it ! It is the best trimmer I have ever used gas or electric included . Who is American Gardener ? With a product this awesome I am surprised that I do n't see their products everywhere .
 I reciently purchased this trimmer and put it thru its paces.It worked perfectly.Plenty of power . ive used it 5 times for a total of about 45 minutes and never had to charge it once.Beleive me it will hold its own against any corded trimmer.It has tremendous cutting speed.Its well balanced the line feed works perfectly.The biggest plus that blows away all other string trimmers is the fact you can rotate the entire assembly at the trigger end 180 degrees and it turns into a trimmer.The best part is when you rotate the assembly it brings up a duplicate set of on off switches.Not so in any other brand of trimmers.You have to stop and reach down and rotate the bottom half of other brand trimmers . Best designed trimmer i ever used .
 I 've had this trimmer for 1 month and have decided I wish I had one of these years ago . It is so easy to use and I 've never run the battery down , even trimming the half acre of lawn the condo complex we own sits on.I 've had corded trimmers and gas trimmers over the years and I think this one is the best of both worlds . It has all the power of a gas model and the convenience of an electric model.If you 're thinking of buying a string trimmer do yourself a favor get this one , you wo n't be disappointed
 This is a great improvement over the previous trimmer . I love the lightweight design . It is so much easier to use !! I especially love the convenient `` switch '' from edger to trimmer . The Yardstick along with the Clip and Shear are a must for anyone who is serious yardwork addict like me !!
 It works really well i 'd recommend this product to everyone . It 's real easy to use .
 IVE HAD THIS FOR ALMOST 6 YEARS . I BOUGHT IT FROM SEARS WHEN THEY WERE THE ONLY SELLER . THEY USE LEAKPROOF LEAD ACID BATTERIES -LRB- 2 -RRB- THAT ADD TO THE WEIGHT , BUT IT BALANCES PRETTY WELL WITH THE ADJUST FOREHANDLE . THEY ARE POWERFUL RECHARGE FULLY OVERNIGHT . LEAD ACID BATTERIES DONT HAVE MEMORIES EITHER , SO IF YOU DONT RUN IT DOWN , BATTERIES DONT CARE . IVE NEVER RUN IT LESS THAN 30 MINUTES AND CHARGE NEVER DIMINISHES . AFTER THE 3RD YEAR , TRIED TO USE IT AND IT HAD VERY LITTLE CHARGE . LIKE YOUR CAR BATTERY , TIME TO CHANGE . I THINK I PAID 60 FOR THE TWO BATTERIES . AFTER AN OVERNIGHT CHARGE , IT WAS LIKE NEW AGAIN . VERY EASY TO CLEAN ; JUST HOSE OFF THE CUTTER AREA USING CAUTION NOT TO SPLASH ONTO BATTERY CONTROL END . STRING IS EASY TO ADVANCE.MY ONLY PROBLEM WAS WITH THE FEEDER . IF YOU BUY THEIR BRAND , SPOOL AND LINE , THERE WAS NO PROBLEM . I BOUGHT AN EMPTY SPOOL AND WOULD REWIND MY OWN FROM A BULK SPOOL OF LINE . IF I USED THE SPOOL IMMEDIATELY , THE LINE WOULD BREAK CONTINUOUSLY . I WAS SO FRUSTRATED , I ALMOST JUNKED IT . I LEARNED THAT YOU NEED TO WIND SEVERAL EMPTY SPOOLS , THEN LET THEM REST FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS IN THE SUN TO LET THE PLASTIC STRING `` SET '' OR CURL TO THE SPOOL . AFTER DISCOVERING THIS , I NEVER HAD ANOTHER PROBLEM.IM READING WHERE BLACK AND DECKER AND OTHERS ARE BOOSTING THEIR RECHARGEABLE UNITS TO 24 AND 36 VOLTS . HOWEVER , THEY ARE CONTINUING TO USE THE NICD BATTERIES . THEY DONT LAST , AND THEY 'RE TWICE AS MUCH COST TO REPLACE AS THESE LEAD BATTERIES.THIS IS A GREAT TOOL . I JUST WISH AMERICAN GARDNER WOULD DESIGN A UNIT THAT COULD INCORPORATE OTHER TOOL ATTACHMENTS -LRB- HEDGE TRIMMER , SAW BLADE FOR CUTTING BRANCHES , BLOWER -RRB- . MAYBE SOME DAY .
 I had a small gas trimmer which I used up until losing it in a flood . Before then , it was hard to start , unwieldy and belched smoke . Needing a replacement , I opted for the cordless trimmer , expecting to compromise the convenience of no gas/electric cord for power and length of running time.It turns out there was no compromise . I have about 3/4 acre of yard to care for and this trimmer lasts for all my trimming needs for the whole area on one charge.It is extremely convenient to change between trimmer and edger , thus negtating my replacing the edger which was also lost in the flood . It does a good job of both for medium to light work trimming . It is lightweight , has a nice balance to it and is very safe to operate , with the double safety of on switch and power trigger , with a safety release that is set when you release the power trigger.The 24 volt battery is a plus for keeping it running longer on one charge . Plug it into the wall mounted battery charger and forget it until you need it , then it will work for you for about an hour 's worth of medium to light level trimming and edging . The AC adapter has a light that changes to red when it is charging , and changes to green when it is fully charged , which is helpful.This trimmer got better reviews than Black and Decker models , so I tried it and am very happy with the performance and ease of use . It cost less than other brands of cordless trimmers with less battery power and less handy features.Overall , I would highly recommend this trimmer and and very happy with my purchase .
 Excellent . Very pleased and surprised at the power , versatility and ease of use of this equipment .
 I just purchased this trimmer last friday , and I was checking for information on it this morning and find that it is listed as discontinued . I wonder why this product is discontinued and if infact it is , can you still buy parts for it if necessary ? It looks as if it will be a good trimmer but would like to know what we will do for parts if we need them . -LRB- 900053-24 Volt Cordless Trimmer . -RRB-
 Had it for three summers and works great . Experiencing battery issues . I did n't realize the battery was lead/acid so it was a mistake for me to have been unplugging it in the winter.This battery was a great replacement except I had to use a side cutters to trip down the negative post . Had them trimmed in about 2-3 minutes and entire replacement of batteries was maybe 10 minutes . Just two screws that get removed , one for each side.Here is a great replacement battery : TR3.2-12A -LRB- order two as the trimmer has two 12-volt batteries in it -RRB- at -LSB- ... -RSB- $ 45 for two batteries and shipping .
 I 'm in my fourth summer with my yardstick and it 's as good as new . I 've had to replace the spool twice , but otherwise , no problems . It cuts everything in my yard . It 's a little heavy , but since I have a small yard , it does n't matter .
 this is my third season using the yard stick . I 'm as pleased today as I was the day I took it out of the box .
 Does a good job on cement edging and border trimming . DO NOT BUY A HEAVIER REPLACEMENT LINE . A heavier line shortens the length of use for the battery . I get about an hour 's use from it , and that does my yard . The battery takes a full 24 hours to charge , so do n't rush it .
 As a weed whip , this was a great purchase . I just wish the edging component was more capable . It maintains a clean edge once edged with a gas edger , but it wo n't cut a new edge . This is about what I would expect though from a weed whip turned vertical . Power is not a problem and it does n't seem to bog down any more than a gas powered whip . Store inside as recommended in temperatures that do n't get too cold or the battery will be shot .
 This is not as strong as my regular corded 20 dollar black n decker trimmer , BUT IT DOES THE JOB . I only need this to trim the edges on my grass lawn and that is it . That 's all I use it for . I do n't thing this is suitable for heavy trimming like lrg bushes and stuff . Unlike my corded trimmer , this is single string only but ... IT DOES THE JOB . 4 stars because it does n't dig all the way in through the soil .
 YS-24 assembled easily , has good power from 24 volt set up . Extra thick trimmer line lowered the number of times the line broke . The tap feature works once in a while although its easy to advance it by hand.The connection from charger to battery connection is poorly designed.All in all this is a bargain .
 The American Gardener YS24 yardstick has performed in an outstanding manner . I have n't been able to exhaust the battery during a typical grass cutting day ... and we have a large yard . The flip from weed eater to edger is a simple process ... both work great . The line dispensing tool works efficently.It 's a great product ... no gas , no oil , no pulling , and pulling , and pulling again again again ... get the message : -RRB- Highly recommended .
 After reading a number of reviews on cordless trimmers , I chose the American Gardener YS24 Yardstick . I 've used it for over a month now , and I 'm very satisfied with its performance . The charge lasts approximately 45 min . which is usually sufficient for a half-acre yard . The only drawback I 've have found is the weight of the trimmer . My arm gets really tired after trimming for 45 min . I understand the size battery is going to make it heavy , so I can live with the trade-off . I love not having to mess with a cord or the problems with gas-powered trimmers . -LRB- It would be nice if the replacement string could be found locally . -RRB-
 I enjoy using the product and it does a great job for me . Yes I had trouble with the string cutter and with the string advance , but found by rewinding it carefully it works fine . I purchased a second yard stick after my first just quit working after 1 year of heavy use . I think it is a switch or some other electrical problem perhaps the resistor.I find the price exceptional for a well made product and bought another because I enjoy using a trimmer that is quiet and does n't use smelly gas/oil mix . The edger worked great for me .
 I wanted to replace my gas powered trimmer and am thankful for the other people who reveiwed this product . They convinced me to buy it and it is everything I wanted . My gas powered unit cut a larger path , but this was a problem when trimming around my chain link fence . The string would constantly break regardless how I used the trimmer and the string advance would not function well . With the American Gardener unit , I have no problems whatsoever . The string advances flawlessly ; there is enough power to cut everything that I want ; there is enough power for about 1 hour of continuous duty ; and it is quiet . My only wish is that the power unit could be worn as a back pack so that the trimmer would be much lighter . After an hour of trimming , my arms get tired . There may even be a positive side to this ; I may develop bigger biceps .
 works great so far!no fumes or dislocating your shoulder whiletrying to start it .
 I sold my gas lawn mower to reduce my polluting ways and purchased this trimmer with the plan to use a small solar collector to keep it charged . Meanwhile , the grass -LRB- weeds -RRB- continue to grow . The neglected and overgrown yard now in my care contains some pretty heavy duty weed beds and this machine , with a little judicious use , cuts right through them . Here is where the heavier gauge string really pays off . The edger can be a little tricky to use and tends to cut the string short . This requires removing the spool and threading the end of the string through a little hole . Otherwise , the automatic spool function works well , just tap it gently on a firm surface while the tool is running . Battery life is acceptable at between 30 and 45 minutes and I make a practice of using all of the available charge and then fully charging it up again , which takes about 12 hours . The weight and balance of the machine strike me as reasonable and the moveable handle allows me to switch hands . It was delivered right on time and shipping was free . All in all , I find this a very useful tool.Update
 This trimmer works better than I expected . Has alot of power . Hopefully is stays that way !!
 I have used a battery trimmer in the past , but most recently a gas powered . When it refused to start anymore , I looked for another battery unit . I am so glad I found this one . I could n't be happier unless someone invents a bump-feed that actually works flawlessly . Other than that it has great power for grass , and the swivel feature makes edging so easy .
 Absolutely love this thing . Plenty of power as both an edger and a trimmer . Easy to switch between the two as well . I 'm actually having fun using it every week . Holds a charge well and I have quite a lot of yard to take care of and running out of ` juice ' has not even been an issue . Would recommend this to everyone .
 The best battery operated string trimmer that I have ever seen . Charge lasts long enough to trim a large sized yard . Easy to work around tight spots . String is heavy duty and can handle large tough weeds . A little on the heavy side but does not affect the operation .
 Glad I researched this item on the internet . I almost bought something called a ` worx ' from an advertisement on tv . The internet blogs did n't speak to highly of it , , , but they did on this item . The Yardstick.Glad I did it .
 I was delighted to find that this trimmer is more than strong enough to run without getting sluggish in the thicker parts of my lawn edge . It 's well balanced , the line feeds easily and hassle free , feather light , adjusts easily for my height , and has lots of charge left when I 've finished our 4000 sq ft lawn.My new favorite tool for making life easy !!!
 This is hot ! It beat Black & Decker NST2018 hands down ! 24V -LRB- 2x12V -RRB- versus 18V . No contest . Plus , you can get Sealed Lead Acid batteries for $ 24 . Type this in to google
 Easy to handle , conveniently wireless , powerful , good autonomy . The only weakness seems to be the cheap quality of the battery covers . That should not be a problem because they are not really exposed to impacts . However , one got broken during shipping . I sent an Email to American Gardener customer service and I got 2 -LRB- even though only 1 was broken -RRB- in the mail within a few days without a question or having to argue . Great service !
 I 've had this trimmer for a year now , it works great -- especially if you use lighter gauge line -LRB- it came with 0.080 '' , when that was used up , I rewound it with 0.065 '' -RRB- . Yes its light duty , and somewhat heavy , but the `` twist-to-edger '' function is way cool , as is the freedom from gas engine/noise or electric cord management issues you have with other weed trimmers . I average about 40 minute run time after a full charge . Wow , under $ 60 delivered to your door ? Dude , what are you waiting for ?
 Have only used the product a couple of time , but so far it has been excellent
 this yard stick is great i orded a spair spool for it where is it thomas taylor
 Dear Amazon.comI thank you for shipping my Trimmer so fast . I had it in 2 days , and did not have to go through waiting forever to receive it.You were very prompt , and excellent with your service . Anytime I need anything , I always check Amazon.com first to see if I can find what I am looking for.The product is wonderful , and also does a good job on the weeds , because the weeds grow so fast , I can keep them down now with very little effort.Thank you ver much.Sincerely , Nita Brownell
 Yes ar can , Yes ar can . I am inlove with my new yardstick . First day after it charged I was able to whack down my overgrown garden with out worring about cords or gas . And And And it is surprising lightweight !!! I 'm inlove .
 I 've had this trimmer for 3 years without any problems and have recommended to my neighbors who also are now using it . I 've tried the gas -LRB- too loud & smelly -RRB- and Electric products -LRB- tired of buying extension cords -RRB- and have finally found a quality cordless product that handles my 1 acre yard . I actually use the edging feature more then the string trimmer - however its handy having both in 1 unit.I did call customer service once because I thought the charger had gone out however the CS manager had me re-insert the charger more firmly in the plug and it that took care of my `` problem '' . I want to spend as little time in my yard working as possible and this American Gardener trimmer helps me achieve that . I 'm giving one to my son for Christmas .
 This is a great cordless line trimmer . I use it along my fence line , around several trees , a mailbox pole , and edge my side walks and driveway each time I cut my lawn . It always has an ample charge .
 The Yardstick is easy to use no more pulling a rope and no more gas . The ys24 trims just as good as a gas machine . I live in an adult community an trim four properties . The batteries are still strong after 30 minutes of use .
 American Gardener did their homework in designing the YardStick trimmer/edger . The ergonomic design and balance of this unit provides excellent comfort and cutting control considering the weight is 10.9 pounds . The symetrical design of the handle/battery pack provides effortless change from trimming to edging by simply rotating the handle/battery pack . When edging , the YardStick also has a wheel that supports the trimmer as it rolls along sidewalk to provide more control and a nice uniform edge . While trimming , the bump line feed is smooth without jamming or over feeding . Changing line spools is a snap when the time comes , just press the two latch tabs on the bump cover and the spool pops out . When it comes to power , the YardStick blows the competition away with 24 volts of cutting power . I trimmed and edged my entire property with no reduction in power . After reviewing the competition 's cordless trimmers , this is the best there is on the market . All-in-all the design , ergonomics , and performance far exceeded my expectations .
 True story , I had a Troy-Bilt four-stroke weedeater from one of the home improvement stores that cost around $ 200 that was impossible to start.I hated it . Once it was going , it was difficult to manage and would often `` grab '' the ground and dig into the grass and was generally frustrating to use . I hated dealing with the spool too.A few weeks ago I went to do some trimming and tried to start the weedeater . I grew tired pulling the starter cord several dozen times and sat down on my steps to continue trying to start the weedeater.As I pulled back with all my might , I forgot about the cast iron railing on the side of my steps and clobbered my hand . I instantly had a golf-ball sized lump on the back of my hand and I saw red . I picked the weedeater up over my head and smashed it repeatedly onto the ground , destroying it.I should have done it a long time ago.I told a friend about it and he said , `` You know what I did that has been the best thing ever when it comes to weedeaters ? I bought a battery powered weedeater . `` Hmm , I do n't like electric when internal combustion is an option . But I trust this friend and I decided that I was fed up with gas powered weedeaters - so I gave it a shot.Enter the American Gardner 24 Volt Cordless Trimmer.Best thing I 've ever done when it comes to garden tools.I even paid too much -LRB- when I came back to write this review the price has dropped $ 30 !!! -RRB- and it arrived a little beat up by the UPS guy.But BOY DOES IT WORK.It has exactly the right amount of torque so I can control it easily and it cuts the grass , but does not dig into the grass or pull itself into the turf . It requires NO PULLING OF ANY CORDS to start . It just comes on when you press the button.The spool works excellent and is easy to use . I found it was n't chewing up the wire as often as my gas powered trimmers tend to use up the line also.It is just ideal for around the house grass trimming.Now I will say that it does not have the power for serious weeds with wood-like trunks . But for GRASS TRIMMING this is ideal.I also tried to run the battery down the first time as this seems to be recommended for maximum battery life , but I gave up after 30 + minutes of continuous use . It was still running strong.In short , this is REALLY worth getting if you have a basic house with grass trimming that needs to be done . For the price it is a STEAL right now , and it is well worth even the nearly $ 100 I originally paid .
 I am extremely happy with the purchase of the American Gardener YardStick 10-Inch 24-Volt Cordless Trimmer ! It was delivered promptly and I began using it the next day . Being able to trim and edge all around our yard without the hassle of a cord has made me a very happy wife ! I love working in our yard and this handy trimmer/edger has proven to be one of the best yard tools my husband has purchased for me . I highly recommend it!American Gardener YardStick 10-Inch 24-Volt Cordless Electric Edger and Trimmer #YS 24
 I recently moved from an apartment into buying a house . With a house -LRB- usually -RRB- comes yard care . I needed everything -- lawn mower , trimmer , garden hose , rake -- you name it!Gas trimmers were not considered . Friends ' and co-workers ' experience indicated they were loud , hard to start after a few years , and belch a continuous stream of blue smoke . Plus , I did n't want to deal with the mixing of gas and oil , and filling that wee little tank . Corded electric trimmers are fine , but my yard is big . It would take considerable time to handle the lengths of extension cord required.So , I started to look closer at the battery powered trimmers available . I checked out the Black and Decker CST1000 and CST2000 -LRB- the `` Grass Hog '' models -RRB- . The CST1000 was too light-duty , and the CST2000 had a gear drive I thought was doomed to fail after a few years of grass clippings and dust . Plus , neither model had a way to feed line manually in case of jams within the spool . The Toro 24 volt -LRB- model 51465 -RRB- trimmer looked promising , but the safety switch was awkward and required too much constant effort . I did n't consider the 12 volt Toro because of the small 7 '' cut.I had never heard of American Gardener before , but several selling points caught my eye . I liked the idea of 24 volts for power and run-time . And with a ball-bearing motor , I am hoping the trimmer lasts several seasons -LRB- Both Black and Decker and Toro DID NOT have double ball-bearing motors -RRB- . I had the `` Yardstick '' for a month and think it is well worth the money . The run-time is excellent . I swear I 've had mine running for an hour almost continuously munching grass and weeds ! The power is also excellent , and the motor is quiet and very smooth . The weight balance is good , and the safety switch is easy to operate for long periods of time . The housing is made of a thick rubbery plastic that looks like it would take the occasional `` whoops ! `` It is , in my opinion , superior to the other battery trimmers out there . Overall , a well engineered and made trimmer . The only `` cons '' I can think of is
 After years of putting up with a cantankerous , maintenance-intensive gas trimmer I purchased a YS24 trimmer and have not regretted the decision at all . I have used the YS24 for approximately a year and have had experienced no reliability problems . I should add that I use this unit as a trimmer only so I can not comment on its edging capability . The pros and cons of the YS24 are as follows : Pros : Virtually no maintenance hassles - no gas & oil to mix , no spark plug to clean & gap , no air filter to clean , no carburetor to adjust.No starting problems - enjoy expletive-free trimming sessions.Clean and quiet - you wo n't smell like a potpourri of gasoline and exhaust fumes after trimming.Good run times - I 'd estimate run times of between 30 and 45 minutes of nearly continuous use.Adequate power - OK , so you wo n't be laying waste to a thicket of saplings with this trimmer , but there is enough power for what the typical yard has to offer . If you 're used to a more powerful gas trimmer you have to remember to be patient and take smaller `` bites '' when encountering thick grass and weeds.Cons : Weight and balance - this is my biggest gripe with this trimmer . The heft and balance are such that after about 20 minutes of use I have to put the unit down for several minutes to give my back a rest.Cheesy line advance - I skirt this problem by laying the trimmer down , pressing the line release button with one hand and pulling out line with the other hand . Note that this is a common complaint for many makes and models of trimmers.In summary , I feel that the good points outweigh the bad and I would highly recommend this trimmer for use by the average homeowner .
 I was skeptical when I purchased this cordless unit but I had it with gas and have too much yard for an extension cord . This is the best string trimmer I have ever used period -LRB- gas or electric -RRB- ! I have a 3/4 acre lot and it worked well in edge and trim mode . The string is .080 '' and seems to be high grade . There is a lot I love about this product
 As others have noted , you only get about 15 minutes of use with heavy weeds and about 45 minutes with light cutting for every 24 hour charge . That works fine for me as I get tired . The YardStick is not as strong as our gas powered weed eater but that big boy wears out the men in an hour and I ca n't even hold it for a minute . So I use the YardStick for the little stuff and let the men do the rest.An addendum written a year and a half after I bought this trimmer . It still works just as well as when I bought it . I still only use if for about 20 minutes at a time but that works well for me .
 Given the prominently featured rave reviews , I wonder what changed at American Gardener in the last year . I 've just taken it out for a spin , and was deeply disappointed in the runtime off a fully charged battery . After 15 minutes of trimming weeds along the perimeter of our jungle-surrounded lot , it was still willing but wimpy . Perhaps runtime varies with the nature of the trimmee
 I bought my 24-volt trimmer 21/2 years ago . It recently stopped working and I 'm now ordering a new one . I still believe this is the best trimmer for me ! I have no trouble with the weight and the balance is fine . It is so convenient to just lift it off the charging unit and go ! North Florida has a long growing season so my trimmer gets hard use trimming a large lot bordered by woods . I once ordered a new blade-cutting unit after breaking mine . It was inexpensive and shipping super fast . The string used in this trimmer far outlasts any of the smaller guage lines I 've used in other trimmers . Considering the comparatively low purchase price and ease of use , I feel I got my money 's worth . No expensive gas to buy , no rope to pull , no electric line strung across the yard are some of the conveniences .
 I researched cordless trimmers and felt this one was the best from reading other reviews . This trimmer had enough power out of the box to do my small yard , and I have since used it on another large yard where I ran it until it ran out of power . I was impressed by how long it lasted and the power it had to cut thick overgrown grass . It does n't have the power of a gas model but the convenience of not having to deal with the gas and the amount of the power it had more than makes up for it . I would highly recommend this product for homeowners with a moderate size of yard .
 I purchased this trimmer at the beginning of the 2009 season . I mow and trim twice a week and my lot is just over 1/2 acre and contains planting beds , a retaining wall and fences . I do a lot of trimming and edging.PROS
 I bought a house 2 years ago , and moving from my parents ' house , I needed all the equipment yard care would require . I knew I did n't want a gas trimmer because of all of the issues that come with them -LRB- hard to start , need gas and oils , etc. -RRB- , then came the idea of an electric powered trimmer . The house I bought has no outdoor outlets , and the lawn is long and narrow , another not going to work.I started looking into the rechargeable trimmers , and was close to buying a works gt or black and decker when I found this one on sale at a local Menards . I bought it , and have n't regretted it at all . The charge lasts way longer than I need . I have had and used for 2 summers now , and still have n't needed to replace the string . Start up is instant , no pulling a string for two hours , and priming , and oils and gas . Size is just right for me . And best of all , it eats through almost anything . I rarely come across a plant the yardstick ca n't take.I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a yard trimmer .
 This is my third yardstick I have purchased . I get about 3 years out of them , then the battery starts to go . It is the best battery trimmer I have used personally . I found a good product and have stuck with it . It is also sold under craftsman and I think weed eater . But they are made by yardstick . It does what I need it to do in a timely manner .
 I recently purchased this Trimmer and am very happy with it . They use to make the same product for Sears and I have owned two of them and thought they were both great . Sears quit using them for some reason or I would have purchased another one from them . I have used this new one only 3 times , but my yard is large and it works and runs fine and seems to hold a charge for a long time . Am very satisfied with my purchase.YOU CAN SEE WHAT I WROTE ABOUT 6 WEEKS AGO ABOVE . TODAY WHEN I WENT TO USE THE UNIT AFTER BEING ON CHARGER FOR A WEEK IT WOULD NOT RUN.WHEN I CALLED ABOUT WARRANTY , TOLD ME SOUNDED LIKE PROBLEM WAS BATTERY AND BATTERIES HAVE NO WARRANTY . TOLD ME TO CHECK FUSE LOCATED NEAR BATTERY AND WHEN SCREWS WOULD NOT COME OUT I ENDED UP BREAKING THE CASE TO GET TO THE FUSE AND ENDED UP THROWING THE WHOLE THING IN THE TRASH.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK . A REAL WASTE OF MONEY . WORST COMPANY I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH .
 I was skeptical about purchasing this product , but after using it , I can say ... '' WOW what a trimmer '' . The reviews from other users was also a big plus . Our yard is 15000 square feet , surrounded by a wire fence , trees , shrubs , sidewalks , all these require trimming , even though the instructions warned me not to trim too close to the wire , I wanted to try it anyhow , it worked great , but I would not make a habit of this . It is so easy to use and lightweight , just a flick of the trimmer and you have an edger , and it really makes a nice groove between the sidewalk and the grass . It is also easy to maneuver in tight or small places , one speed and not loud like some gas trimmers . So easy to start , no pull cord , I have bursitis in my shoulder and I no longer have to deal with the pain associated with pulling a cord . It takes about 16 hours to charge and its ready the next time I have to use it , I would recommend this to anyone .
 After struggling with yet another 2-cycle gas trimmer that was difficult to start and keep running despite new spark plug , new gas , a complete carb overhaul , etc. . I decided to go electric . I was worried mainly about getting something with sufficient power and run-time to handle my 1-acre yard.The American Gardener Yardstick did not disappoint . The unit is very well built , has a smartly designed charger/storage hanger , plenty of power and run-time . This trimmer is every bit as effective as any gas trimmer I have owned without the noise and the complications of a gas engine . Its not light by any stretch but its no heavier than a gas unit.Overall , excellent buy .
 For a battery operated trimmer , it does the job . I read all the reviews on most cordless trimmers -LRB- including the Worx -RRB- and decided to purchase this one . I do not regret it . My house is on a 1/3 acre lot with a fence , two decks , and flower beds to trim around . It does the job . I used it for about 45 minutes -LRB- on/off -RRB- this week and the battery lasted . It probably has the power of the smallest gas trimmers , maybe a little less . It weighs about the same as a small gas trimmer . Do not think it is lighter ; it is not because of the 24 volt battery . It seems like it is built fairly solid , although if it were dropped on concrete I would not be shocked if it broke . - But I guess you could say the same of smaller/cheaper gas trimmers as well . For $ 80 , if I get two seasons out of it , I will be satisfied . And after using it for a month or so , two to three summers is what I expect to get out it . This is the first electric or cordless trimmer I have ever owned , I have always used gas before this one . I do not regret buying it and would recommend it to others . There is something to be said for a trimmer that can be picked up and used without the hassle of getting it fueled up and started up . My wife loves it .
 Great product . It holds it charge , light weight . Beats carrying around a heavy gas powered trimmer or having to use one with a cord . Would highly recommend this product .
 I have a small fenced-in yard with some trees and flower beds . This trimmer is very powerful and has exceeded my expectations .
 I bought the same model as sold by Sears under the Craftsman label . I 've had it for about six years , and the battery has held up well since then . I like that this battery is a traditional battery and not a Lithium Ion battery as I 've had LI-Ion batteries die on me many times . It 's clean and quiet and does what I need it to do.The Good : - Easy to handle and not too heavy - Battery life is plenty enough for my small yard - Edger mode is pretty useful around paths and driveways - Integrated storage charger is handyThe Bad : - Plastic a bit fragile - Trimmer line is hard to lengthen
 had the same trimmer when sears sold it was happy when i found it on amazon powerful and long lasting perfect for my yard charge last along time
 I have used this item for 3 weeks and I must tell you I am impressed . It out performs the gas trimmer at twice the cost .
 I recently made the switch from a gas trimmer to this cordless trimmer and have been very pleased thus far . I have used it a few times and am very happy with my purchase . I have a townhouse , and am very pleased with the battery life and power output . I have actually done my lawn a couple times without charging it . I think this would even be ideal for tackling a single family house with a much bigger lawn than mine based on the endurance of this 24 volt battery . I do n't think I 'll ever go back to gas trimmers after using this . Dealing with the oil/gas mixture and trying to keep the thing running year after year is a real pain with gas trimmers . It 's nice to be able to just hit the button and go ! The ergonomics are great and it 's easy to switch modes when you want to edge along the sidewalk . I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 This trimmer works really well and is a big improvement from my previous corded trimmer . The best thing about this particular product is the thicker line it uses . The thinner line breaks quite easily and I was always running out . This trimmer uses a thicker line which does not break nearly as often . It 's a little heavy at times , but much better than dragging a cord around . Plus I can pretend I am helping the earth by not using a 2-cycle trimmer .
 After one season 's use , I 'm happy with the Yardstick . I 'll admit that it 's a little heavy , but my yard is small enough that it does n't matter . It works equally well as an edger or a trimmer . The radius is plenty wide , too , and the line feed is simple . No complaints .
 This is the second one of these I have purchased . The battery gave out on the first one after about 5 years . It 's a great tool . Lightweight , and the charge lasts plenty long for my purposes . I love it .
 Looking for a portable and powerful trimmer for the yard . Got tired of dragging out the extension cords so I read up on this and could not find a reason to not get it . It works wonderful in trimming and edging thanks to the power of the 24V motor and the HEAVY line that it uses . It is a good match for my old 3/4HP electric trimmer . The only trouble I have had is the guard comes off when trimming under bushes and shrubs .
 The item I received was in excellent working order . I had one of these when it was a Sears WeedWacker and they stopped making it . I am so glad that American Gardener provides it .
 I 've been using this trimmer for almost 20 years . Sears used to sell it . I was delighted to find another vendor when Sears let it go . I absolutely love it . It changes from horizontal to vertical -LRB- edging -RRB- operation with a flip of the wrist . Ideal for keeping a city lawn looking neat .
 This machine works very well . It is not as heavy as the previous models but may be too heavy for some women . The 24 volt motor is strong and does a much better job than the medium duty trimmer/edgers . The rotating handle is a nice concept but feels flimsy and loosely connected . One feels as though they should be careful when rotating the handle , as it feels as though it may break . An over all good machine .
 I met UPS at the door and the box top was torn off but everything was intact . Easy/quick to assemble . Let her charge over night.I have a fairly nice sized yard and I ran out of yard before I ran out of charge about 35 minutes into using it and it wanted more.The power -LRB- 24-volt -RRB- suprised me ... but it is not gas . I have St. Augustine and it struggled some but I 'm not disappointed . I was pleasantly suprised how easy it was to go from trimmer to edger . The cord is crap when edging and you keep having to tap it to get more string.I did not have a problem with the line feeder . I want to point out that with a gas powered two lined trimmer , I often would get too much grass and hit dirt and leave a skinned spot . Not a problem at all with this device.Yeah ! I have muscles and lift weights but my arms were tired and shakey when I was finished so the weight division is not that great because of the weight of the battery right at your hands instead of extended behind you like a powered model.No smell , no mixing fuel , no loud noise , no pulling a cord . Exactly what I wanted . I have a feeling that my weekly yard care is going to be less frustrating , a little easier , and quieter this summer .
 I was aways disappointed by gasoline trimmers . Spent more time fixing them than using them . And , while my electric trimmers worked well , I had to use 250 feet of extension cords which got snagged on fences , trees , & bushes . So , I crossed my fingers and bought this cordless electric trimmer . And yes , it does a really good job with the .080 line and a motor that never slows or stalls . This is a machine of the future . But , it does n't get five stars yet . It is very heavy with most of the weight at the top of the handle . Not good for extended use if you are elderly , like me , or for the plastic parts on the trimmer if it gets dropped , falls , or tips over . The charger for the batteries has issues . Easy to break and an environmental warning . Replacement parts are n't yet available at the local hardware or big-box store . I would give this product a five star rating for the price , the cordless convience , and the trimming power . Overall , the product is a little bit short of being perfect .
 I read a few of the previous reviews & thought I 'd go with this edger/trimmer . It does a great job of trimming & edging , although I 'm still trying to figure out how to use the bump feature to allow more of the string to come out . The only downfall is that its a little on the heavy side so your arm gets tired before I complete a side of the yard . Not a big issue though - its a trade off I 'm willing to take to be a little green & go low maintenance . No oil/gas to mess with which is great . All I have to do is plug it in the wall . I 've only recently used it so how it will perform long term has yet to be seen , but so far its a good buy & would recommend it .
 I am not a reviewer , but thought it would be helpful to have someone review an item with as much time on it as I have had.This trimmer is amazing . I bought it from Menards about 4 years ago and it has trimmed and edged once a week tirelessly , until today . The unit is so impressive I am now looking for a replacement battery , not another trimmer .
 This cordless edger/timmer works very well . Edging is what I mostly use it for , it 's powerful enough , and it can dig deep . But I only use the edging for about 30 minutes due to the size of my lawn , so I ca n't tell how far the battery can go . The only knock perhaps is where to buy a replacement battery when needed . I have been searching over the Internet , even at the manufacturer 's site . I could not find any . Has anyone -LRB- customer -RRB- around found a replacement BATTERY ? American Gardener manufacturer please let us know .
 I 'm officially out of the back-breaking knuckle-busting gas line trimmer scene . This cordless edger arrived fully assembled and charged -LRB- though they say to charge overnight -RRB- for a quick test run on my lawn . One of the negatives indicated in a previous review was the weight of the machine with battery and , admittedly , it was a bit hefty after a 15 minute trial , but this is because , while well balanced , it does have a 24 volt battery . But I believe this is more that offset by never having to negotiate a long cord around your yard or repeatedly busting your knuckles trying to start a cranky gas line-trimmer -LRB- not to mention much quieter -RRB- . Consider this one a winner ...
 I have bought several gas powdered trimmers and have hated them all ; pull my arm out of it 's socket and my blood presure sky rockets trying to start the stupid thing . No long cords to deal with , this battery powdered is the best way to go . Just pull the trigger and it 's off and running . The battery adds weight to the trimmer and your arms get a bit tired but at least it starts right away .
 I 've had this trimmer/edger for just over a month . It 's the first cordless trimmer that I have owned . Previous experience had been with gas power units . This is the BEST . I like the ease with which you can shift from trimmer to edger . The dual on switches are a great design feature . I have a LOT of trimming to do in my yard . I am still using the same spool after about six uses . The only negative I have found is that the guide lip on the wheel in the edger mode could be wider which would make it easier to guide along sidewalks , etc. . But , overall OUTSTANDING product ...
 I got this trimmer on sale here at Amazon and like it a lot ! It is a bit heavy , but this is a fault of most cordless trimmers . It has plenty of charge to get through my trimming jobs , but would probably not be best for a huge yard ! For your average homeowner and yard , it fits the bill !
 I am using this for the last 8 months and it 's amazing and I love it .
 If you are in search of the perfect yard tool , look no further . This rechargeable weed trimmer is also an edger . No gas mix , no switching out tools or attachments , and save your ears . The Yardstick is quiet , powerful , clean , light , easy to use . With just a twist I can switch back and forth between edging and trimming . I brought it home and let my neighbor borrow it . He 's buying one now . I previously used the ryobi 775r and my neighbor used an electric trimmer . This tool sells itself .
 I bought YS24 in July 2010 on the recommendations of Google equipment review.I was very happy with my yardstick , used like once a week.Last time I had a good edger like this one it was Ryobi105r , I ran it to its natural demise after 7 years of use.Since my Ryobi I coud n't find anything similar until YS24.When I ran out of line I bought generic line 0.08 in Home Depot.It was working fine , until I ruined spool bump -LRB- it is a normal occurence with those kind of bumps -RRB- . I called American Gardener 3 days ago and found out that American Gardener does n't exist anymore , and there are no useful information what to do.I looked everywhere to find spool replacement ; in the process I found that Walmart was selling this trimmer in the past ; now they are out of it.Finally I found a picture of a spool , that looked like one I wanted.Sears had it ; it fits , works well.It is made by Craftsman ; part number is 71-85685 . For now I am happy with my purchase ; I do n't know where I am going to buy other parts when I need them .
 I 'm a new homeowner , so I do n't have experience with other products to compare this to . But for my needs -- trimming grass around flowerbeds and fence lines , and edging along the sidewalk and driveway -- this product works great . As described in the instructions , the trim line broke frequently the first time I edged , but once I got the overgrowth under control , that was no longer a problem . As for battery life , it takes about 15 minutes to go all around my yard , and at that rate I only have to recharge once every 4-6 weeks ; it stays in the garden shed the rest of the time . In fact , the large battery is my only complaint
 I bought this about a year ago . It has a lot of power for a battery powered trimmer . It is a bit heavy because it has a lot of battery power . And the line advance is a little balky like every other string trimmer I have used . But it works really well with plenty of power . After about a year of satisfactory use , I had a problem with the trimmer charging . I contacted the manufacturer by email . They quickly replaced the charger . When that did n't solve the problem , they sent me an entire new unit . Now that 's great product support ! I would highly recommend this product and the company that stands behind it .
 Bought this item due to its ability to trim and edge & not wanting to use a 2-stroke . Does light-duty triming and edging very well , holds charge for over an hour which is more than sufficient for our city lot . Only complaint is the string cutting blade on the line guard . Mine snapped off after about six weeks of ownership -LRB- eight periods of extended -LSB- 30 minutes or more -RSB- use -RRB- . Replacements are available from American Gardener at $ 10 a piece plus $ 4 for shipping . I ordered two due to concerns about the longevity of this part . I 'd encourage AG to work on the design of this component .
 Last year I retired my gas trimmer -LRB- too many expensive tune-ups , noisy , polluting , keeping 2T fuel a nuisance -RRB- and bought the YardStick . It does an excellent job on my small lawn , and I have even used it for clearing long grass on a steep bank that I am attempting to reclaim -LRB- it worked , but was struggling somewhat -RRB- . Contrary to other reviewers , I do n't find it heavy or badly balanced , and it has two huge advantages . The first is the quick head rotation , switching from edging to trimming instantly . The second is the guide wheel , just above the spool , which allows me to maintain sharp edges without `` wandering '' into the lawn proper . But two cautions . The first is that it is fully mounted into the charging bracket when it is off-vertical ! If you put it on vertically , see a green light and think you 're alright , you 'll be disappointed . Make sure it 's slightly tilted and showing a red light , and you 'll get a long running time per charge . The second is that it is definitely not an edging tool . Form your edges with a proper cutting tool , and then use the YardStick to maintain them , or you 'll be frustrated by the slow progress and will use line by the mile -LRB- I pull out the line manually fairly frequently , and so avoid the nuisance of rethreading after a break -RRB- . I strongly recommend this trimmer , without hesitation .2010 updates
 I bought the Yardstick YS24 line trimmer to get away from the messy 2-stroke gas line trimmer that I was using . It did n't cut as well as the gas trimmer and did not last long enough on one charge to do all of my trimming but not having to mess with the gas and oil and fumes was great . Not lasting long enough was okay because the trimmer is somewhat heavy and after using it until the battery ran out I was ready for a break.The problem is that the YS24 cheaply constructed and poorly designed . It is not balanced well at all and many of the components are made from hard thin plastic that will crack or break easily . While my wife was using it the tabs on the cup that hold the line spool in place broke , the trimmer became useless . I called Original Power , the manufacturer , and was told to call another company to order the part even though it should still be under warranty . The other company said that do not handle warranty claims only sell the parts . I called back to Original Power and spoke to Kris again and she informed me that the part I needed only carried a 6 month warranty . The warranty information in the manual says it has a two year warranty and only excludes the spool , shroud and batteries . This piece is poorly made and poorly designed and I have chosen not to give original power another $ 20 of my money to fix it as I can see this part will fail over and over again.I 'm very disappointed as this trimmer could be a perfect gas trimmer replacement for those looking to be greener in their lawn care . I was also considering buying a second YS24 since one would not last long enough to do all my trimming in one day.I would not recommend buying this trimmer as is it poorly made/designed and the company does not stand behind their product or honor their warranty .
 I am a small woman , and I just could not use those gas weedeaters . They were too bulky and heavy for me to pack and I had trouble pulling the cord to get them started . I 'd heard bad things about the electric models , so I did n't even bother trying those.Although this is not lightweight , it is not unmanageable for short periods of time . I do quite well with it actually.You have to have a place to screw the charger into a wall and the trimmer hangs up nicely out of the way , while charging.I just love it ! The cost to replace the batteries are $ 25.00 , if that issue ever comes up . I hope it lasts because I really needed a weedeater like this .
 I have the Craftsmen model from Sears . It is the same thing . I have had it for almost three years.The only reason that I do n't give it 5 stars is because it is a bit on the heavy side . It sure beats the heck out of a gas trimmer , or one with a cord .
 Love how this cordless trimmer works . No cords to drag around . And no nasty emissions from the gas powered one I replaced . Fairly light weight . Easily gets around my yard with its many beds on single charge with power to spare . Trimmer string good and heavy duty .
 This does light-duty trimming just fine . Very good battery life ; as strong after about 30 minutes of use as at the beginning . On the heavy side ; so your arms will probably give out before the charge does .
 Extremely pleased with my trimmer . Has plenty of power and the battery lasts for the time I need to do my entire yard . I have a 1/2 acre lot and it has proven to be the perfect trimmer for my needs .
 Good product . Each to handle . Light weight . Battery life is only about 45 minutes - the last 15 minutes gives weak power .
 This product was listed as new but appeared to be an open box item . The trimmer is easy to use and was in good working condition .
 I love it ! It arrived a few weeks ago , and it was easy to put together , charge , and use . I have never before used a line trimmer , but this was a very positive experience for me . The weight is not too bad and the batterly lasts longer than I needed it to . I have used it three times and am very happy with my purchase . It cuts through everything I need it too , including some heavy weeds and even accidently took down one of my giant sunflowers ! I think it 's a great tool , especially for women and first time users .
 I HAVE HAD A RYOBI 24 VOLT WEEDEATER , A BLACK AND DECKER 18VOLT WEEDEATER , AND NOW THE YEARDSTICK 24 VOLT WEEDEATER . I HAVE TO SAY I AM REALLY HAPPY WITH THE YARDSTICK ! IT WILL ALMOST GET MY WHOLE YARD DONE BEFORE THE CHARGE GETS WEAK . I USE IT FOR EDGEING AS WELL AS TRIMMING AND IT DOES THE JOB ! I LIKED IT SO WELL , I GOT MY MOM ONE FOR MOTHERS DAY AND SHE IS HAPPY WITH IT AS WELL . GINGER
 Does the job nicely . The battery failed after a couple years , though . I found that I could get a replacement battery for around $ 50 , so I just bought another new edger/trimmer instead .
 I 've been using this about 6 weeks , it has worked well , and does a good job trimming thick Bermuda grass on a typical-size suburban lot . It does the job of a dirty finicky 2-cycle gas trimmer I had previously . Compared to the gas trimmer , this has a little less power and only one string -LRB- vs two -RRB- , so its just a bit slower , but at the same time it seems to do a neater job as I feel I have more control.I read other reviews from people that had trouble with the battery longevity . I have yet to measure that for myself but these sealed lead acid -LRB- SLA -RRB- batteries should work better and last longer than ni-cads , though one needs to follow instructions on keeping them charged and stored properly . Also it will harm the longevity of any battery to run it down to less than 20 % charge . Absorbed glass mat -LRB- AGM -RRB- technology for SLA batteries -LRB- not used in supplied batteries -RRB- should do better with storage and be less sensitive to deep draining . When the time comes to replace the original batteries I hope to find some AGM SLA batteries in this form size from a 3rd party supplier , if not from the manufacturer.UPDATE
 Works perfect . I really like the fact that I dont have to deal with gasoline . It has plenty of power for my yard -LRB- 1/2 acre -RRB- .
 I purchased two of these due to the size of my yard . Overall I am pleased with their performance . However , as I had read in another review I experienced problems with the line cutter . It broke off after the third use . I am fairly handy so I drilled out the rivets on the old line cutter and made a stronger one and riveted it back on . So far , so good . The company needs to re-engineer this small component ! Otherwise , these trimmers are doing a good job.Clarence BellBryan , OH
 Being a 1st time home owner just recently , I had to buy all the necessary things for my house . I did some research on trimmers and found this trimmer to be the most bang for my buck . Depsite some up and down reviews , I also based my purchase on the specs it 's self.Well Im happy to say after 2 months of using this product , I had not a single malfunction or witnessed any major problems . Works great , lasts a long time and cuts like a charm . The only problem that I can say really is that the handle is flimsy and when holding the trimmer for long periods of time can be frustrating but otherwise overall a great product . I highly recommend this product for 1st time home owners .
 I purchased this trimmer because I was tired of the difficulty starting and keeping my gas trimmer running . At first I kept breaking the trim line trying to use the trimming roller along a sidewalk . I then read the instructions and came to realize that I needed a good trench along the sidewalk before the trimming roller would work correctly without breaking the trim line . So I started using the trimmer in the same manner I had used my gas trimmer and it worked very well . The only negative issue I have is that it only has a single trim line as opposed to the two trim line of my gas trimmer so it is not quite as efficient as the gas trimmer . But I love the ease of use and the thoughtful design that makes it very easy to switch from standard trimming to edging . I definately recommend this trimmer and I am saddened to see that Amazon has discontinued it .
 I received my yardstick 3 days ago and have been out in the yard putting it to the field test . Great power , super quiet , performs well . My only complaint is that it is heavy and does not come with a shoulderstrap . I guess heavy is a relative term , but for an average sized woman , it is heavy holding it outwards and moving it in a sweeping motion . For a man , I think this would be no issue . I guess I 'll get bit biceps out of it . ha
 Really powerful trimmer for grass . I have St. Augustine grass so I was concerned that it would not be strong enough since it was battery powered . I was pleasantly suprised - it trimmed the grass like butter . The only hassle was the string kept wearing out and breaking - not too surpised since I edge around cement . Went through the string pretty fast . I opted to not buy another spool because it would have the same string . Instead I used heavy duty `` Extreme Trimmer Line '' I got from HomeDepot -LRB- sure they have it as Lowe 's too -RRB- . It was easy to wrap around the old spool and it is very durable .
 I received this trimmer about 1 month ago and I am impressed . Although it is a tad bit heavier than I would like , it certainly works quite awhile before running out of juice , like some of it 's competitors . Plus , it gets though heavier stuff than I would have imagined . The string feed works great ! The wall bracket/charger is nice.I have had a couple wired trimmers and gas trimmers over the years . I believe this is my favorite . I do wish it had a strap , but thats not a major issue.It is so nice to trim without smelling like 2-cycle oil or having to drag out drop cords . Great value here .
 This is a nice trimmer ! The only problems we 've had are that it is kinda heavy and the connectors from the battery have come loose . This is an easy fix ; remove the housing and simply reconnect . It is kind of a pain though if you are in the middle of the yard ! The edger function works well and leaves a nice clean edge . It is highly recommended !
 I received my Yardstick trimmer/edger and was surprised it came quicker than expected . I have used this product about 4 times and am happy to say that so far I 'm very pleased with its performance . It 's a bit heavier than what I 'm used to do to the weight of the battery however being able to use it when needed without having to use an electric cord is great . The trimming feature with the guide is very useful also with a quick turn it will change from trimmer to edger is quite convienant . It last about 30-40 minutes of use and that is acceptable for me . Overall a very good investment .
 Best of the bunch I 've seen.battery last long easy to handle even my wife can do it .
 I have only used the YardStick a couple of times & only as an edger but so far so good . It is easy to handle & easy to use . We have a small area at home and two small areas at work . One charge gets everything done -LRB- about 30 minutes -RRB- with no loss of power so ca n't comment on the length of one charge . I agree with a previous reviewer who said that they could n't figure out the `` bump '' feature to get string to feed . Other than that it works fine for our application and we feel good about going green .
 Works as advertised . Excellent price and fast delivery . Great value . It is not the most powerful , but still meets my needs .
 I got tired of having to use cords to use my other edger , and I really do n't want to spend $ 250 on a decent gas-powered edger . I stumbled upon this one , read the reviews , and decided to order it.First impressions
 Based on my positive experience with the Yardstick 24V Trimmer , I decided to give another American Gardener product a try.Right out of the box you can tell this hedge trimmer is serious . The 18 '' cutter is stainless steel and almost razor sharp . Balancing the large cutter blade are two 12V -LRB- wired together for 24V -RRB- sealed lead-acid batteries inside the housing . The balance -LRB- center-of-gravity -RRB- of this tool is nearly perfect . Gripping the rear handle with one hand , and the front handle , with the other causes you to naturally hold the trimmer level to the ground -- nice ! And considering it has two batteries , it is surprisingly lightweight.After an initial overnight charge , and some light machine oil on the cutting blades , I was ready to tackle two large bushes and four medium sized bushes that were much past due for a `` haircut . `` Even with a full charge , I noticed the hedger was quiet and low on vibration . I would say it 's three times quieter than an equivalent 120VAC powered tool . It 's so quiet you can talk in a normal voice to another person while using it.But does quiet mean wimpy ? Not in my experience . A pass over the top of one bush made the branches fall like dominoes . I could tell the motor was working hard , but it never slowed or bogged down.An hour later and all six bushes looked great ! The weight balance is so good I almost forgot this beast was at the end of my arm . The motor was just starting to slow down and I had been using the hedger almost continuously . So the one-hour run time seems right on . Others may experience even greater run time , if they trim their shrubs regularly . On mine , the trimmer had to cut back some serious growth . To recharge the battery after one hour 's run took about 24 hours . Not a problem for this tool 's occasional use.Other features of note
 I received the American Gardener ready hedger today . I charged it up and took it outside for a try . I live in New England and it 's January but I had to see if it worked . The hedger feels great and cut through one of my PJM bushes like it was butter . I own a black and decker electric hedge trimmer it does a good job but the hassle of dragging out the long extension cord is just awful not to mention the countless times I have had to replug the extension cord into the hedge trimmer because it kept falling out due to excessive vibrating . Uhhh it was enough to drive me crazy . This unit is going to be so convenient I wo n't feel as though I have to trim all of my shrubs and bushes in one day . I can do them at my leisure . A bush here a bush there ... In case you are wondering the hedger comes with a 2 year warranty .
 I purchased this for the convenience of not having to lug a cord around . I am more than satisfied . It is powerful enough to do all my trimming . I ca n't comment on battery life , since it has n't run down on me . I have spent two hours trimming with it -LRB- not running 100 % , but running as often as a trimmer would while while trimming bushes -RRB- , and the battery held up just fine .
 I bought this for my husband . Naturally he has a larger clipper/shear , but it was too heavy for him to use for the length of time he needed it . He loves this clipper - it does a good job !
 I have had this unit now for over 2 years & it is still working great . I use both the grass trimmer & hedge trimmer quite a bit & the battery is still providing strong power . Also do not have to mess with an electrical cord . For the price , this product can not be beat .
 I originally was just looking for a cordless grass shear to trim the grass adjacent to my wife 's prized flower beds . I made the mistake of trying this with my string trimmer and turned her flowers into salad . After looking at the available grass shears , I decided on the Americam Gardener Clip and Shear because it included a blade to trim shrubs and NiMH batteries for -LSB- a little more -RSB- than a grass shear alone.I have not been disappointed . This tool runs for over an hour on a charge . In fact , I 'm not sure just how long it runs because I 've never been able to run it all the way down . I can cut the grass right down to the dirt and it never slows down . It only takes about 2 seconds to change it from a grass shear to a shrub clipper making it real easy to keep the bushes around our house trimmed up on a regular basis . It also comes with stainless steel blades so I 'm not worried about them rusting , and its charging stand mounts on the wall in my garage so it 's always handy.My wife 's flower beds have never looked so good . I would highly recommend this clipper for anyone needing to trim areas where a string trimmer might do damage .
 This Clip & Shear Shrub Clipper is a fantastic product . The blades are interchangeable and really easy to change . The battery life is good also . I use it to trim my herb 's , shrubs , flowers and small bushes . I really like it .
 This lawn trimmer has met our needs well for two and a half years now . We purchased the optional handle/extender that allows me to stand up while trimming the grass . Each fall I use the hedge blades to trim our bushes , and they have also performed well . Now into the third season , the battery only lasts about half as long as it did when new . It is convenient simply hanging the trimmers on the wall into the charging stand -LRB- which also holds the hedge trimmer blade -RRB- . We 've had no problems with jambs or slipping gears . The trimmer has held up well . -LRB- If I can get a replacement battery quickly , I 'll be very satisfied . -RRB-
 I am an avid gardener and have tried about everything imaginable . I love this product ! Light weight and so convenient to grab and go ! Keep the products coming !
 This is a very useful addition to a property dominated with trees . For a relatively cheap price -LRB- versus a Stihl -RRB- , you have a product that does what it promises - prume limbs up to 3 inches in diameter with no pressure needed . The extension pole is sturdy and and the unit solidly built . While I am quite satisfied with the unit , a few improvements would make it even better . A top grip for the second hand would be very useful - this would allow for a steady grip than grasping the pole . Second , a lock and unlock mechanism on the extension -LRB- rather than a screw -RRB- would make for changing length easier in the yard . Still , I recommend this product for someone who has to periodically lop small tree limbs from 10 to 15 feet off the ground .
 Product comes fully assembled except for the blade . Does need initial charging of 16 hours . I used it on 10 branches approx . 3-4 inches thick the first time out and it did the job . I do n't know what the problem was with the guy in Texas that recommended the chain saw type of pruner . Maybe he sells them.Anyway with no gas & oil to mix , no winterizing , no cords and totally portable this is one nice yard tool .
 Like some others who have reviewed this , my unit broke . Amazon replaced it immediately . Before returning it , I called American Gardner customer service . They were excellent . I was trying to figure out if I could repair this thing without returning it . The well-informed person I talked to discussed this with me and we could n't come to a solution . She said she 'd have someone else call me . Within an hour , I got a call and decided I could n't fix this saw . I 'd thrown the box away and had to wait for Amazon to send the replacement so I could use its box to return the first saw . The only difficulty in the whole process occurred at my local post office . There , the lady sternly told me that it `` might be too big to mail '' with Amazon 's return label . I might have to pay to mail it . I asked if the box was too long . She said it was n't that simple , since other dimensions had to be considered . She handed me a tape measure and I helped her measure the box . After several measurements and not too few calculations , she determined it fit for the U.S. mail.Why do I mention the post office stuff ? Because the saw can break and to help anyone returning it do so easily . You could probably cross the border with this saw more easily than you can mail it . Know your rights , America.How long will this second saw last ? I do n't know , but this one works very well and keeps me from falling off a ladder . Battery life is very good , it cuts well , is lightweight , and very easy to use . If I fall off a ladder one less time during the annual seasons I pay attention to plants , it 's worth it to me . If it breaks , I 'll just get another one the next time I 'm in the mood to trim trees . I have n't found a better one , and I 've owned three - four if you count this one twice . American Gardner and Amazon customer service were outstanding.I 'm no engineer , but it seems to me that the business end of a saw this light and effective would have to be made out of far more expensive materials than simple plastic to maintain this combination of use and function . If you consider it eventually disposable , like a big , sharp Bic , its eventual failure -LRB- if any -RRB- is acceptable . Consider the consequences of error with a heavy , unwieldy chainsaw pole device , and the 91-buck price is an absolute bargain.UPDATE
 Charge it for 2 full days and it can cut about 18 branches . But like the manual says , it only cut branches up to 3 '' . So it 's good for younger and regularly trimmed trees . I was able to trim all seven 6-year-old trees in 2 weekends and they were picked up by the sanitation dept. I 'm happy with the product and saved $ 600 by doing it myself . It 's easy to use and not as intimidating as a chainsaw .
 We have several trees on our lot and my husband will only use the American Gardener YardSaw to trim those trees . He has used other saws but none of which compare to the quality of the American Gardener YardSaw.You wo n't regret buying this saw .
 This yardsaw works very well . It does a nice job pruning my apple and pear trees and other trees each year .
 We order this and if came very fast . WE love it.It is the greatess . My husband trims alot of trees and it helps that he does not need to get on a ladder and reach .
 I have had this table on my deck for most of the summer , and it is awesome . Like all Cedarlooks products ... which are all made with Canadian White Cedar ... is very sturdy and well made . Putting four or even six people around the table is no problem.I put some clear coat sealer on it , in hopes that will help keep the finish . That said , my other Cedarlooks deck chairs , which were not sealed , have withstood five years of outside use with no problems .
 I was impressed with the quality of this product and the price ! I recommend this product to anyone that has a use for a pick axe with the intention of heavy duty digging .
 Item arrived on time and well packed.I have used this product for at least two weeks now and did not find anything wrong with.This pick performs well on all types of grounds from top soil to rocky soil .
 Carl Johnson - I searched through all the various hardware stores for a Pick Mattock with a hardwood handle and did not find any that appeared to be built `` tough '' enough for my application . This tool is of high quality and will undoubtedly last for many years . I will recommend Amazon to my friends for top quality tools . Thank you .
 This tool is awesome . I returned the one I got from Lowes once I saw this one . This tool is a must for the DIY landscaper .
 This was a gift from my husband for Christmas . It was very easy to put up . The suction cups are plenty strong . The plastic is sturdy . It 's the dead of winter , blustery and cold , but the feeder has stayed where we put it . The birds come right to the window and provide us with a unique experience . I would recommend this to anyone looking for an easy way to watch the birds from the comfort of your own home .
 This is a great window feeder . It stays on and the birds love it . It 's big enough for my cardinals . The big pidgeons have a rough time getting on it , but they get what is dropped on the ground , so everybody is happy .
 unlike the photo , our cardinals hovered but never landed on this feeder . Maybe not enough clearance for their heads ? Chickadees luv it and even at -15 , it stays stuck to window
 I love my bird feeder . It took quite some time for the birds to arrive but now they are swarming to it . It was well worth the wait .
 Great product . I always fed birds but then my neighbors got cats . So now I Have a feeder that attaches to my window where the cats ca n't get them .
 My daughter in law loved this as a gift . She has it on the bay window in her design studio where she can enjoy watching the birds as she works .
 Very easy to see the birds . The birds sit on the top , the sides , and inside . The suction cups work very well and its easy to empty and fill . Very happy with this feeder !
 We have enjoyed our Duncraft Classic Window pane feeder . I hung it in the middle of winter and no problems with it sticking to the window . We have enjoyed watching the birds from our kitchen window.I have had Big and Small birds eating from this feeder . The roof could stand to be taller , but the birds have managed . Very easy to refill , I just tilt out the feeder from the window and pour the food in .
 The feeders are wonderful for several reasons . The birds are not crashing into the windows anymore . The feeders provide entertainment for our indoor cat . The birds seem to know the cat ca n't get to them and continue to feed while baffling the cat . Lastly , the size discourages large pinyon jays from raiding the feed . Best buy of the year !
 It takes awhile for the birds to find it but what a delight when they do ! Bought another.for my mother-in-law ...
 This is working very well . I am using it on a window in my classroom . The students love watching the birds . I could have used a larger one .
 We saw these feeders at a State Park in Michigan and bought one for ourselves . It is simple and appealing to the birds . We love this birdfeeder .
 I bought this bird feeder to hang outside my son 's bedroom window , so he could see all the birds more close-up . It works great , as far as durability and attracting birds . The feeder itself is clear , plain , and not very attractive , but the birds decorate it nicely . The plastic is sturdy and the suction cups -LRB- which I worried would n't hold it up -RRB- work great . It has never budged from the place I orignially hung last year , despite very warm or cold temperatures . It is quite small , so the larger birds have a hard time eating from it ... but I have seen some manage -LRB- a few Blue Jays and male Cardinals -RRB- , and the feeder does hold them , but it certainly does n't accommodate larger species well , which is fine with me because the larger birds tend to eat more food , and this is a small feeder , which requires frequent refills . I have another feeder that hangs in my back yard that larger birds can easily eat from . If you do n't mind the size , it is a great way to see many types of birds `` up close and personal '' ... we have constant activity at ours , especially in the morning and evening , when birds tend to feed , and it did n't take the birds long to find the feeder . Of course , we do live in a rural areal where birds are plentiful .
 lOVE IT ! ~ Stays on the window no matter what the weather or if a bird or two lands on it .
 I have purchased several of these over the years and really enjoy watching the birds feed while sitting in my family room .
 I am well pleased with this tool . I was pleased with the seller also . I use it all the time it does a great job even for some really big tough logs that you would n't think it would tackle .
 This product exceeded my expectation , the packaging for the Maul was inadequate and there was a hole in the box from the maul .
 Love these clippers ! They make shaping my hedges a breeze . The branch cutting notch comes in handy , I dont have to put the clippers down to look for my pruning shears .
 I have few more gardening tools from Corona and have been happy with every single one , so when it came to finding a pair of new shears I decided to also go with this company . Shears are pretty heavy , but solidly build and very sharp . Great for cutting the clumps of ornamental grasses and clumping perennials -LRB- like epimediums or daylilies -RRB- . And the speed of delivery was amazing . I ordered these shears in the afternoon -LRB- Prime -RRB- and got them at my door around 10 am next day . How awesome !
 Hi quality shears like you would expect from Corona . I would have made the handles a bit longer for reach and leverage , but they work very well and hold an edge through hard use .
 I use this on my mower and snow blower . Works great when its hot or cold . What more can I say
 Great feeder - combined with the humbrella - we have had no ants , no squirrels - no problems.Easy to clean and fill!The hummingbirds love it !!!!!
 This is an excellent feeder . I have had several feeders before this and they have either leaked -LRB- ugh !! -RRB- or the hummingbird has n't been able to perch . This feeder allows hummingbirds to perch and makes it easier to observe them as well as feed them . It also has n't been dripping which makes it cleaner and easier to use . It has an easy shut lid so it does n't require screwing the top on which can lead to more issues if it does n't get screwed on correctly . The design is perfect and looks good . And , our hummingbirds love it !!
 I purchased 2 of the 16 oz . feeders since I was having to fill my old 16 oz . inverted bottle feeder 4 or 5 times a day . I am having trouble with the bees getting into these feeders and they do not make the gaurd tips for the 16 oz . model to prevent this . I was told to put vaseline around the flowers to keep the bees from entering the feeder . This has helped some but I still find bees in the feeder when I go to clean and refill them . I do n't understand why they would not make these larger feeders with the insect guard like the 12 oz and 8 oz feeders . I have put these feeders out in my garden and rehung my inverted bottle feeder in the original place . I still have to refill my inverted bottle feeder 2 or 3 times a day and these feeders only every three to four days . I love the design of these feeders but my birds seem to prefer the inverted bottle feeder .
 I could see the hummers while they feed so it is a hit for me ! I would recommend it because it is also easy to clean .
 I much prefer this style of feeder because it is easy to clean , no bottle brush required . Would purchase again .
 This hummingbird feeder is a gem . It is attracting ruby throated and black throated hummingbirds every day . I placed it on top of a 1/2 inch copper pipe outside our bedroom window and we have them coming by all day long . We did also get some butterflies to try it . It came as indicated , is easy to use , and no bees or other insects seem to know about it.Paul
 If you are an admirer of nature , you will be delighted to see these elusive little birds up close . This is a great feeder because it easy to clean , holds a decent amount of nectar , and allows the hummingbirds to stand on the perch while they feed . Love it !
 My wife is an avid `` birder '' who 's been after a hummingbird for years with no luck . Within two days of setting this one up and filling it with her tempting sugar brew , we had a couple of `` lookers '' that only hung around for a few seconds -LRB- you 've got to be fast ! -RRB- . Next day , one came back and sipped for a while , then returned every day in the morning . Now he comes around several times a day , every day . Hopefully , he 'll spread the word to his buddies , and more will come . Mom 's ecstatic.Now for the vendor 's part
 We have had so many hummer feeders over the years and all had issues with breaking and being hard to impossible to clean . This one is the ONLY one I will ever buy and I believe it is the best for the hummers . Bacteria which looks black can kill hummers so I am told and this feeder is the absolute easiest to keep clean . My hummers love it and it is worth the price .
 I have this feeder hanging just a few feet from a bottle type feeder . The hummingbirds choose the Hummzinger over the bottle feeder every time.One of the little rascals has decided that it 's worth protecting and guards it for hours at a time . It even chased away a red finch that was wanting in on the action ! It 's so much fun to watch the mini-skirmishes ! I 'm buying another Hummzinger and hanging it out of sight from this one to give the other birds a chance!Posted a photo of the territorial hummer ...
 All the positive reviews on this product are correct . However , it simply does not hold enough liquid for my needs . At the peak , I feed 75 to 100 hummers all day long . 8 one-qt feeders need to be refilled daily . I would need 16 of these to keep up ! While it is the easiest of all feeders to clean , I 'll still pass .
 I really love this feeder , it is so easy to clean . I have been using the bottle type for years and laboring to clean them free of mold and yuck . It took about 3 days before the Hummers finally used it and not the others in my yard , I have 4 quart sized feeders . I will definately replace them with this type as they break .
 My hummingbirds love it ! It is very easy to clean . Ants , bees etc proof . I highly recommend it .
 Very easy to clean , you can see hummingbird tongues through the clear plastic , they sit quietly perching and feeding -LRB- until a Rufous hummingbird comes along and chases them off anyway -RRB- - all reasons why this is my favorite feeder . Have seen 5-6 on the feeder many times , although I notice that the females seem to be more willing to share the feeder than the males . The ant well in the top that gets filled with water keeps them from getting in . Bees and wasps seem frustrated , but they sure try . Noticed that the feeder with the nectar guards is n't visited often as the ones that do n't have it . I 've tried switching locations , so that 's the only explanation I can come up with . Maybe they 'd rather not stick their beaks through the plastic tip if they can avoid it . They still love the hourglass shaped feeder with no perch , but it 's just more fun to watch them when they have a place to sit ! Makes a great gift too .
 This is the best , easiest to maintain , and safest feeder made because it IS easy to clean/fill , does n't leak , and what a lot of people do n't mention is that it has an ant moat in the middle that you can fill with water to keep the ants away ! I 've had every type of hummingbird feeder made and this is it ! Order several , during peak season when they get competitive and aggressive you need to have several feeders , as far apart as possible so everyone can eat ! I have them perching on it when I 'm rehanging it so I know they like it !
 Do n't waste your time , money , and energy on other type of feeders . This is simply the best in many regards , as others have already reviewed those positive points .
 I love this feeder ! I have tried many types , but none compare with this . It 's sturdy , easy to clean and keeps the ants away . I do have to fill the ant moat every few days because the water evaporates pretty rapidly here in our hot climate . That 's not really a problem for me though , since I clean and refill it once to twice a week . I have the `` Hummbrella '' with it and I love it .
 If you have hummingbirds or want them , buy this feeder . I have had two other types and this is the one the birds love!I started with one lonely bird , now we have 6 or more . They have a place to perch and feed , and there is plenty of spots to eat from . And also the bee 's can not get in as easy , one or two still hang around once in a while . But for the most part this is for the birds.Also it is easy to fill and clean and to keep track of . I 100 % say , buy this feeder , I am so happy I did .
 This hummingbird feeder is a keeper ; my birds have not had to fight off bees and ants to get to their food . It is easy to clean , refill and hang ! I 'm enjoying the hummingbird population in my yard now more than ever .
 I have to agree with the other positive reviews here
 I have enjoyed the Hummingbird Hummzinger Feeder very much since I received it . It 's everything that the advertising said it was
 Easy to fill . Easy to assemble . Easy to clean . Easy to see when it 's getting low , and best of all , the opaque top keeps the liquid out of the sun pretty much !
 The birds love it . It is easy to clean , fill and use . I love it too . Always has feeding hummers around it .
 Easy clean , easy fill ! And it DOES N'T leak . Acompaning bee guards would be nice though .
 I love this Hummer feeder ! When I first bought it I was afraid the hummers would n't like the change . My other feeder was much different than this one . It sure did n't take long for them to find it though . Within a couple days the birds were fighting over it !! We had 3 of them trying to feed at the same time but of course one of the males kept chasing them away . This feeder is very easy to clean & fill . I have not had any problems with bees however a couple very small insects have found their way inside the feeder . I figure the bugs are extra protein for the hummers.I would highly recommend this feeder . We loved it so much we bought two more , one for ourselves and the other for a gift !
 I have used a couple of different feeders and this one is so easy to clean and the hummers love it .
 This would be a perfect feeder if the hummers were n't so territorial . There is one guarding the feeder at most times which means the sugar water does n't stay fresh as long since only one guy is using it ! Guess I need to get a couple more feeders to help out the other guys . This one is easy to clean which is nice .
 I was skeptical when I received this hummingbird feeder . It is easy to clean and fill . I have 3-6 feeders out much of the time . By far the best I have used are the old Perky Pet 16 oz # 210 glass feeders . Not the easiest to clean . They do not blow around in the wind as much as the Hummzinger . The birds can feed to the last drop with the Perky Pet . They do not seem to be able to reach the bottom of the Hummzinger . They are fun to watch with 8 or more hummingbirds feeding on them .
 I bought this feeder two years ago and have been very pleased . First , it does not have those stupid yellow plastic flowers that attract bees . In case you are not aware , bees see YELLOW , so why would you put yellow flowers just to sell more hummingbird feeders because it looks cute?I went to Home Depot and purchased a copper pipe and had them cut it off , and my feeder sits on top of the pipe in the flower bed . Feeder is designed to do this.Also , I have the Window Box feeder Aspects Nectar Bar Feed Tray -LRB- 6-oz feed tray - 4 '' x 4 '' x 5 '' -RRB- and love it as well !
 It 's the easiest feeder to clean -- no hassles and done in five minutes . Even the woodpeckers like it . I ca n't keep them off the feeder . Any suggestions ?
 I was plagued with bees most of the summer . Then I bought the Aspects feeder and my bee problem vanished . It is easy to fill , easy to clean , and the birds use it all the time . I am so grateful for having found it .
 Seems to work really good overall . However , it does not keep the ants out . Overall , recommended .
 The Hummzinger is a good feeder although my hummers still will not share the feeder with each other . Maybe next year . : -RRB- I like the sturdy handle and the ant moat which does n't need to be filled as often as I thought.Very easy to clean and an attractive feeder . I am thinking of ordering one as a gift to a friend.It is a bit expensive but we will see how many years it holds up .
 I like aspect products . The company is easy to deal with and the products they sell are very high quality .
 Good feeder for hummingbirds . It is easy to fill , easy to clean and durable . Hummingbirds can have adverse health affects from mold in their feeders . Without much effort , this feeder can be thoroughly cleaned before refilling . Result
 Excellent product . Easy to clean . Strudy . I would suggest this product for any one wanting to attract hummers . Bees do n't bother it and when you want to clean it there are no small areas that are hard to get to for cleaning . I have 2 for myself and I gave one to my daughter .
 Thank you for quick shipment and a very nice product . I appreciate the enclosures explaining where to hang the feeder , how to make the recipe for the Hummingbirds , etc. . This thing really does hold up well under very strong winds !
 This is THE best hummingbird feeder on the market today ! It 's made of LEXAN and can either be pole mounted or hung by its sturdy brass hanging rod . It 's the easiest to clean because the interior is completey accessible , no bottle brushes necessary . It does n't drip , it has an ant moat , the recipe for nectar is molded into the inside cover , bees ca n't get in , and the birds love it too ! I have 6 of these and can attest to their durability . A few of mine are several years old and still going strong . Other bird species besides hummers land on the hanging rod and slide down to drink the water from the ant moat . You just CAN NOT go wrong buying this feeder .
 lt is early to judge hummingbirds in the Northeast , but I ca n't wait for it to get warmer . This feeder is beautifully made and very easy to clean . Think I will be very happy .
 This feeder is simply the best for all the reasons such as ease of cleaning , durability in construction and overall design.-PROPER CLEANING IS A MUST-The Hummzinger Excel by Aspects Inc. is the easiest to clean feeder that I have ever owned . Unlike the inverted bottle style feeders this feeder has no recessed or unreachable places that will harbor mold and bacteria . This feeder is simply three parts , the red top that is basically flat on the underside , the bowl like basin and a metal hangar . Cleaning is simple and requires only removing the top and flushing the top and basin out with hot water . DO NOT use soap , as hummers can taste the residue ! This cleaning should be done every three or four days -LRB- more often if in a warmer climate or if mixture becomes cloudy or has black specks -RRB- . Once a month soak the feeder top and basin in a mixture of 1/4-cup bleach to one gallon of water . Soak for one hour then rinse thoroughly with hot water . Dry and refill.-What to feed ? - DO NOT BUY COMMERCIALLY AVAIALBLE NECTAR . It 's a complete waste of money and they are NOT PROVEN SAFE for hummingbirds . Hummingbirds only need -LRB- from us -RRB- the sugar/water mixture that is one part CANE sugar -LRB- sucrose -RRB- to four parts water . This is a very close reproduction of natural flower nectar . Natural flower nectar is mainly water and natural sugars like sucrose and/or glucose , among some other trace sugars and elements . The other nutrients hummingbirds ' need they get from catching small bugs like gnats and spiders . The sugar/water syrup recipe is stamped on the underside of the Hummzinger 's lid for reference . Mix well until all the sugar is dissolved then fill your feeder . Commercial mixes contain many unneeded chemicals and red dye that has not been tested for safety in regard to hummingbirds . Do n't risk them and save your money ! - Is the Hummzinger durable ? - Yes , constructed of UV stable polycarbonate and backed with a LIFETIME GAURANTEE the Hummzinger will last a lifetime . The thick plastic components of the Hummzinger are unbreakable and there is NO plastic snap on flowers to worry about . The metal hangar screws into the basin in the middle and is quite strong . No more hanging by wires that can become brittle and break.-What other features does this feeder have ? -1 -RRB- Durable construction of unbreakable UV stable polycarbonate plastics that will not fade in the sun . However to avoid syrup spoilage hang the feeder in the shade .2 -RRB- Comes with a metal hangar or is post mountable .3 -RRB- Built in ant moat with overflow drain channels , just fill with some water and hang . TIP
 If you have ever seen six hummers sitting on the perch enjoying a drink while others buzzed around waiting for an empty stool you have seen the biggest reason that so many people are using this low profile feeder.You may refill every day -LRB- if nature gifts you -RRB- , but it is so easy to clean and fill with nice fresh nectar , which is healthier for the birds , it is no chore at all . The hummers are so used to me because I fill the feeders daily that they just back up a few inches and chatter at me while I do.The ants are not any problem because of the simple built in water moat at the top and these do n't seem to attract bees like the large capacity feeders do.The smaller version of this one -LRB- fewer feeding ports -RRB- is great too and I have a mixture of both sizes.I have tossed my bigger feeders because they just attract too many bees - which is not a big deal - they are great for my vegetable garden - but if there are too many bees the hummers WILL stop coming around .
 I had the Perky Pet bottle type feeder . It was okay but was hard to clean and after some time , the red plastic feeder part that screws into the bottle became stripped and then the feeder started leaking . We used plumbers tape to improve the seal between the bottle and the plastic , but finally it would n't stop leaking . I purchased the Hummzinger 16 oz feeder . It took the hummers several days to get used to it but now it is well used . It is easy to clean and to refill . It is much more sanitary than the Perky Pet .
 I have owned several hummingbird feeders - some great , some not-so-great -LRB- and some downright terrible -RRB- . I had always read rave reviews about the hummzinger and made a promise to myself to get one someday . I should have fulfilled that promise ages ago ! This is , bar-none , the absolute best hummingbird feeder you can find . The innovation that went into this design is elegant , simple , and -LRB- nearly perfectly -RRB- effective . From the fact that you can mount this feeder either on a pole or from the included hanger , all the way down to the built-in ant moat , molded `` flower '' rain guards -LRB- not those cheap inserts -RRB- , SIMPLE disassembly and cleanup -LRB- very few feeders allow such full access -RRB- ... the list goes on ... ! Besides the fast assembly , among the first things I noticed were the easy measurement marks on the side -LRB- marked every 4 oz -RRB- . The next , and most important , observation was the fact that the hummingbirds went bananas over this feeder . Literally , within minutes I had a swarm around the new feeder -LRB- placed in the same spot as the previous ho-hum feeder -RRB- . The hummers were ecstatic ! In fact , I begin to wonder if I 'll have problems with the other two -LRB- perky pet bottle-style -RRB- feeders not being drained fast enough . I was fascinated with the fact that I could watch them drinking from below - through the clear-bottom reservoir . The next thing I noticed was the genius behind the way this feeder thwarts bees . My usual-suspect wasp was up to no good ; trying to get to the sugar . Because the flowers are on the very top of this feeder , the bees just simply CA N'T get to the sugar at all!I think the only -LRB- slightly -RRB- negative thing to say about this feeder is that it 's completely made of plastic , but that should never be a problem as long as you 're not letting the squirrels get to it.I 've run on too long with this review , but I think most will agree that you ca n't say enough about how well-designed this thing is . Get the hummzinger ! The only word of caution I offer is that you watch out for some sellers -LRB- * cough * -RRB- who over-charge on shipping .
 It 's super easy to clean , which is important in ANY bird feeder . While most hummingbird feeders have several parts -LRB- bottle , cap , flowers , bee guards , etc. -RRB- this has the bowl and a lid ... there are bee guards you can attach to the INSIDE of the feeder , but I find I do n't need to use them . And the folks at Hummzinger/Aspects are great to work with ... very customer friendly . A -LRB- cuss word -RRB- squirrel got to my Hummzinger and attempted to drink from it , gnawing at the feeding port doing some teeth damage . The Aspects people , no questions asked , sent me a replacement lid for my feeder . I 've bought two more and they stay full of hummers .
 This is very easy to clean and does n't attract bees - at least last summer it did n't . But , I did get some ants - carpenter ants that are big enough to step the distance from the narrow rail and fall into the nectar . Fortunately , they 're easy spot when they fall in and just as easy to wash down the drain .
 I love the Hummzinger feeders , they are the only type I own now . We have 3 feeders in the yard and so many hummer 's they empty the feeder 's daily to every other day . These feeder 's are easy to clean , and that means everything to me when it comes to humming bird feeders . If you hassel with other types of feeder 's you know how hard they can be to clean up . The Hummzinger 's take seconds to rinse & clean - and back into place with ease .
 My hummers love this . The ants stay away.Easy to maintainThe '' no questions asked '' warranty is unbelievable .
 I have owned several hummingbird feeders - some great , some not-so-great -LRB- and some downright terrible -RRB- . I had always read rave reviews about the hummzinger and made a promise to myself to get one someday . I should have fulfilled that promise ages ago ! This is , bar-none , the absolute best hummingbird feeder you can find . The innovation that went into this design is elegant , simple , and -LRB- nearly perfectly -RRB- effective . From the fact that you can mount this feeder either on a pole or from the included hanger , all the way down to the built-in ant moat , molded `` flower '' rain guards -LRB- not those cheap inserts -RRB- , SIMPLE disassembly and cleanup -LRB- very few feeders allow such full access -RRB- ... the list goes on ... ! Besides the fast assembly , among the first things I noticed were the easy measurement marks on the side -LRB- marked every 4 oz -RRB- . The next , and most important , observation was the fact that the hummingbirds went bananas over this feeder . Literally , within minutes I had a swarm around the new feeder -LRB- placed in the same spot as the previous ho-hum feeder -RRB- . The hummers were ecstatic ! In fact , I begin to wonder if I 'll have problems with the other two -LRB- perky pet bottle-style -RRB- feeders not being drained fast enough . I was fascinated with the fact that I could watch them drinking from below - through the clear-bottom reservoir . The next thing I noticed was the genius behind the way this feeder thwarts bees . My usual-suspect wasp was up to no good ; trying to get to the sugar . Because the flowers are on the very top of this feeder , the bees just simply CA N'T get to the sugar at all!I think the only -LRB- slightly -RRB- negative thing to say about this feeder is that it 's completely made of plastic , but that should never be a problem as long as you 're not letting the squirrels get to it.I 've run on too long with this review , but I think most will agree that you ca n't say enough about how well-designed this thing is . Get the hummzinger ! The only word of caution I offer is that you watch out for some sellers who over-charge on shipping .
 only feeder the i have seen the hummingbirds land onno problem with wasps or bees
 I have 5 of these feeders and they are the only ones I will ever buy . The company is excellent to deal with . The quality is superior and they are so easy to clean . I have used the same ones now for at least 3 years and they have not faded , cracked or yellowed . I clean them frequently and at the end of the season I run them through the dishwasher before storing them . Wonderful product !
 The first rule I have for Humming Birds is that the feeder has to be clean . No Mold , No Algae . This feeder is easy to scrub and place in the dishwasher . Also , the ant guard is very effective . I usually use three of these feeders at my house and I have given a half dozen away and no one has any problems with them .
 OUR HUMMINGBIRDS LOVE OUR HUMMZINGER FEEDERS THAT WE PUT OUT EVERY YEAR !! AND , YES , THEY DO SIT AND DRINK AS WELL AS HOVER AND TALK TO US WITH THEIR LITTLE SQUEAKS . WE OFTEN GIVE THE HUMMZINGER FEEDERS TO OUR FRIENDS AND RELATIVES WHEN THEY ARE DISAPPOINTED WITH THE ONES THEY HAVE OR THEY ARE EXCITED BY SEEING OUR BIRDS COME IN AND FEED AND THEY WANT TO BRING HUMMINGBIRDS TO THEIR YARDS .
 I was skeptical at first ; nothing is going to attract hummingbirds to my front lawn . Boy , was I wrong ! I have never seen a hummer in my life , and when I placed this feeder up , they came ! What a wonderful product!Make sure you mix the right solution . For this feeder , I use 1/2 cup of white sugar to 2 cups of warm spring water . You need to mix until the sugar is dissolved and change `` at least '' twice a week in the warmer months.This product is also very easy to take apart and clean . I rinse and brush the feeder out well with hot water before I use it again.Another feature I love , no flying , creeping , or crawling bugs when you clean this feeder ... Amen to that !!!
 Great product if you want to start or continue to feed hummers ! Easy to clean , easy for thr birds to access the necter and very few bees ! I love the idea of an ant moat , although this feeder works so well the ants have not discovered it yet ! Arrived in a timely manner as expected . I will purchase from this seller again .
 We found this hummingbird feeder at a bird store several years ago after trying several that did not work well at all , for us or the birds . This feeder is amazing , and I was so glad to find another one on Amazon . It does n't drip , the ants DO NOT get in the food -LRB- best feature about it ! -RRB- , it is easy to clean , and well ... just an amazing feeder .
 I have the smaller feeder with the 3 holes and the larger one with 6 ... they are BOTH GREAT ! Easy to clean , and they attract the hummingbirds right away . I love it that this feeder is made so the hummers can sit down and drink . Its cute when I get a couple of them sitting and drinking together . I started with just the smaller one thinking that is all I would need but the hummers would empty the feeder in about 2 days . Sucked it dry . lol They love it . So I got the bigger one to hang out there and now I have twice as many hummingbirds coming.They seem to be territorial because now I have a couple that will sit up on the power lines and trees and KEEP WATCH on THEIR FEEDER . lol Once a hummingbird comes to the feeder the other hummingbird hiding up on the telephone line will DIVE BOMB and chase the others away . Then they sit out their and chase each other away . I 've really enjoyed watching them ... they love these feeders . -LRB- And so do I. -RRB- I 've had other hummingbird feeders and nothing comes close to being as nice as these . As I mentioned before ... these are so easy to open and clean out . Has the directions of how much sugar to mix on the bottom of the feeder if you did happen to forget . It takes seconds to open it and add the nectur . I can highly recommend these . I 've had no trouble with ants , wasps , bees , etc. . It does have a little moat where you can put a touch of water in it that keeps the ants away . I 've had these for months now and they are the BEST . Buy them ... you wo n't be disappointed ... I guarantee it . Enjoy !
 Easy to assemble and durable product . After having this up for about 5 days , the hummingbirds found it , and now they are daily visiting the feeder . I have seen a couple of hummingbirds share the feeder , which I had never seen before with the other bottle-style feeders .
 Great feeder and allows the hummingbirds to land wich allows for good views of the birds .
 We bought this sprayer after going through a great number of plastic sprayers that did not perform or did not last . This sprayer is durable and offers great performance . The yellow canister looks good . It is easy to use and is durable being able to withstand the knocks and falls of a cluttered garage .
 Finally found a steel sprayer that works well for my needs around the house , just like anything you want to last , you have to take care of it , handle with care .
 As promised , wish it was made in the USAArrived on time at reasonable cost . I would buy again and would recommend to a friend .
 After burning thru about 6 different feeders , this one did it all . Simple , easy to clean , excellent tough material and construction , and the best part -- to the detriment of too many pigeons -- the dome is easily adjustable -LRB- up/down -RRB- protect the seeds and adjust to the type of bird you want to attract . Absolutely 5 + stars .
 This birdfeeder is the best way to keep unwanted visitors away from your birdfeeder . Small birds are able to fly in and out but crows and squirrels can not get in . It saves a lot of birdseed and makes life easier for the little guys .
 I have several bird feeders and this by far is the best . It keeps the seed dryer than most due to the dome and small drain holes in the base . Also the birds prefer this feeder to the other types in my yard . . It is easy to clean , strong and the adjustable dome allows you to keep larger birds from entering and running off the smaller . I purchased my first one at a retail store and have since found them on Amazon for a good price , so I have ordered them as gifts . Great product !
 We lent our previous dome feeder to a friend who had lost all her feedes to a tornado ; the birds were flying around looking lost . She could n't find it later as her house had received enormous damage , So we bought a new one that has a larger dome , better design .
 Perfect sized domed bird feeder for a backyard . Keeps seed dry when it rains . Birds love it . Easy to assemble
 We have several feeders and zillions of birds in our back yard . We 've also enjoyed several generations of cardinals visiting daily . They do n't really like our other -LRB- mostly tubular -RRB- feeders and prefer to eat on the ground with the larger doves from the spillover . The adjustment on the hood is very easy to use and looks like it will last . It can be adjusted to easily keep large birds out .
 I have had the mower just a few weeks and have been very impressed thus far . The model I have does not include the blade clutch mechanism that lets the motor run while the blade stops , just because I did n't feel that feature was worth an extra $ 100.00 The cut quality is excellent compared to my old craftsman mulching mower . With my old mower , any time the grass was a little long or damp , I 'd have to end up using the bag . With my new honda it rips through deep grass without leaving anything behind . The twin blade system must really make the clippings small because they seem to just disappear.One thing I have to address is all of these complaints about `` thumb fatigue '' using the smart drive system . ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!! It requires very little pressure at all with your thumbs to engage the smart drive . It also has five positions for the mechanism so that you can find the most comfortable position . If this thumb fatigue concern was holding you back , DO N'T LET IT .
 I have had this mower for roughly 6 years . Have n't had a single problem with it . I cleaned its air filter from time to time , changed its oil twice and the blades twice . That 's about it . Starts on first string pull , no smoke . Clutch works without a hitch . It could use a bit more HP to cut bigger/thicker grass at higher speeds . I usually leave it in first gear to make sure the engine does n't die when the grass is big or I push it myself .
 I recently purchase this after much research and comparing mostly to Toro . I paid $ 529 at a local shop . The only controversial point with this product is the thumb control that controls the speed of the mower . Many people find it uncomfortable or unnatural . It did bother me a bit but for some people it is unacceptable and many have returned the product for just this reason . The Honda in theory had a more modern engine and self propelled drive train . The blade overide system requires no maintenance while Toro 's does but I 'm not sure which one is superior . Basically , the equal Toro model is about $ 50 more . I decided to go with Honda in part due to the brand .
 I kept going back between 6 and 10 circuits but in the end for a 5000 watt generator this was the best choice . I had it professionally installed but after watching him install it I am sure anyone could do it with basic electrical understanding . This was the best kit on the market my only issue was it ca n't be added to later if you want more circuits . Overall great device and brings me piece of mind in an emergency . A generator does n't help if you ca n't run your furnace in the winter .
 This is a good product at a fair price . Everything needed for an outside power receptacle installation is included in the kit except the wire connecting the receptacle to the switch . The installation was relatively easy and well within the capability of anyone with a moderate amount of electrical savvy . The only hitch came when the electrical inspector said the pre-wired whip connecting the switch to the power panel had to be up-sized as it was overfilled with wire . However , after telling him that the switch was pre-wired and UL rated , he agreed to approve the installation . No other issues noted .
 Excellent kit , has everything you need to hook up your generator.Mine was made in USA , very well done.The electrician that installed it said I could not make better choice .
 I can not add a lot to the positive reviews seen so far . We ordered the kit , it arrived on time , and it went in easily as several have already said . In my case , the inlet plug box was installed in the garage first which required boring a 3/4 '' hole through the sill plate and routing the wire down the basement wall . I also had to mount a plywood panel on the concrete basement wall to facilitate attaching the switch panel ; and I enclosed the exposed wire on the basement wall with conduit . This slowed me down a bit so I did n't make the 2 hour installation time many speak of . I will say that from the time I started wiring the load center , to the time I was reinstalling the face panel was barely one hour . I also spent about 1 additional hour with my voltmeter making sure all of the circuits were performing correctly . They were . Total time involved , with the work described above , was about 4-1/2 hours.I only came across one bugaboo that cost me time . The installation manual and the videos show a snap-in fitting on the loose end of the flexible conduit whip . They also say to knock out one of the 3/4 '' knockouts in the load center cabinet to snap this end into . I selected a knockout , measured to the plywood panel I had installed and attached the transfer switch . However , the conduit whip on my unit had a 1 '' threaded end with a nut ; and I had no 1 '' knockouts anywhere near the center of the load center . I ended up hogging the 3/4 '' knockout hole out a bit with a Dremel , and then I could install the whip . This little project cost me about 30 minutes . I considered dropping my rating a star but overall , I am pretty happy anyway .
 The transfer switch arrived in very good packaging - no damage . The instructions are easy to follow , and I had no trouble installing it . I tested it out and it works great . One great feature is that the wires are all continuously printed with the circuit letter designation on the wire , rather than stick on labels that can come off when you pull the wire into the breaker box or have to shorten the wires . I recommend this to anyone . So , other than looking like 1950 's technology , it rates awesome .
 I had done quite a bit of research on transfer switches before purchasing the Reliance model 31406CRK . Price , features and ease of installation were the determining factor for this product.Reliance has an easy to read step-by-step instruction sheet , and their web site has a video you can watch . Although I would say this is an easy product to install , that would be providing you have some basic electrical knowledge along with the proper tools and safety precautions.I would recommend this to anyone who looses power more than a couple times a year like me . Also your generator should be a minimum of 5500 watts to effectively take advantage of the double bar 220v breaker along with the four 125v breakers.In this case `` Bigger is Better '' . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a quality product that is easy to install.The instructions and/or video are clear and easy to understand.This kit is an outstanding value , all I needed to buy extra was my connecting wire . In my case , 10 ' of 10-3 with ground.Works great and comes with a 5 year warranty .
 Good product , real easy to install , works great . It took me awhile to buy one and I researched every transfer switch I could find and this one seemed to be the best both in ease of installiation and price value .
 This was an easy to install switch if you 're comfortable working inside your breaker panel . Directions were very easy to follow . You will need to provide the 10/3 wire from the outside box to the switch . The most difficult part was finding the best path and installing the 10/3 wire from the switch to my chosen outside mounting location . Now I 'm just waiting for that first ice storm to try it for real !
 Simple and easy to install . The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five was that I feel they should include a 3/4 flex straight connector as well as the 90 degree one that comes installed . Not everybody can come off the bottom or top of the power box . A quick trip to home depot and 84 cents later the problem was resolved .
 I decided to install it myself and I found the instructions to be simple and very well written and NOT chinese translated into English . It took me three hours taking my time and it works perfectly .
 I can see why this item has so many positive reviews . It does what it is supposed to do . It 's easy to install . The wires are both labeled and color coded . Gives you great piece of mind to know that this device is ready to work when called upon .
 I installed the control box just above my breaker board and ran conduit and cable 40ft to the connection box at the side of the generator . Had no problems with cable size and connections . However my gen set is only 120V single phase . So had to connect the red and black wire in the control box to my incoming black wire.Now in the box are two CTs -LRB- current transformers -RRB- that connect directly to the meters . There is no voltage connections to the meters so they do not read Watts only current no matter what their calibration is . If one assumes that the loads will all be resistive then one can assume that current can be multiplied by voltage to give correct watts . However if the load is inductive , as in connected motors and some fluorescent lights , then this calculation will not give true watts because the power factor is not taken into account . My swamp cooler and furnace have a low power factor so the meters do not read watts . The cable supplied is meant for two legs of 120V each and the connecting plug to my gen set had to be changed to a 120V 30A RV stile plug . Not for a novice , if you get it wrong the installation could be dangerous . Other than this I consider the equipment to be well put together and a good buy . .
 I am ready for the next FPL maintenance schedule on a beautiful saturday sunny morning of summer . Here in Florida we do not need an hurricane to experience power outage .
 I am very very happy with the Reliance controls that I purchased because it was a very good price and contained all of the parts necessary for the job . The local dealers had the controls I wanted but parts were n't included like this package . You ca n't beat the price for the quality controls that this package contains .
 This switch is awesome , easy to install , directions were n't the best , but very easy . I would recommend to anyone who wants to use their portable generator safely .
 Just what he wanted . Installed and working great . He know more about this than I but he was pleased with the item and the Amazon price .
 delivery was fast , finally got a chance to install it.After a test , it works great ! I just wish it had a few more breaker connectors , but I am well satisfied , & would recommend buying this product !
 I have no complaints , but plenty of praise for this switch . It is easy to install if you are good around a circuit box , but this is not for the novice DIYer . Make sure you follow the instructions . This includes everything you need , including a spare plug you may need , depending on your generator . Once the switch is installed , you can resume power after an outage in just a few minutes . Make sure you test it regularly , as per the instructions .
 It is exactly what I needed and works great . If anyone is looking to pewee their house with a generator , this will make your life so much easier
 This product looks and seems like quality . The instructions are the best I 've seen in a long time . Fortunately since I 've installed it I have n't had to operate it in the generator mode . Still I 'm impressed so far .
 I bought a generator after being without power for several days . After reading about how to properly use the generator I realized that I needed a transfer switch kit , if I wanted the installation done properly and safely . I went to the Reliance website and watched the video and realized I could do the installtion with the help of an electrician . After researching places to buy the switch kit , Amazon.com had the best price . I installed the switch and took my time and got everything neat and tidy on the wiring job . You need to take the extra time to plan how to divide the wattage you will use and which appliances you really need to run . Also the location of the plug and the distance from the transfer switch needs to be taken into account . I have tested the unit as instructed and everything works . The real test will be when we lose power which has not happened yet . Maybe that 's all it took to keep the power on ... -LRB- just the threat of having a backup generator . -RRB-
 I found this very easy to install . Had it done in a few hours and then tested it with my Troy Bilt 5550/8550W generator . It worked flawlessly . A couple years ago during an ice storm , a tree took out the power line going to my house and I went a week without power . I bought the generator then , but had no transfer switch . This is definitely a must . Amazon 's price is also excellent . I could n't get this cheaper anywhere .
 This is the second Reliance Transfer switched I have installed and after shopping around I saved $ 70 through Amazon over any other vendor . The Reliance Transfer switch is easy to install and meets the safety requirements of emergency power systems that protect linemen .
 I finally had this installed by my electrician . He said it was the best system on the market . The directions are easy to follow , and the system works like a gem . Great being from the NE when the power can go out for multiple days on end .
 I was really impressed with this switch kit . I thought the instructions were well written and the components well made . The color coded wires were clearly labeled which made the wiring an easy task . The hardest part of the installation was deciding where to mount the panel and how to attach it to my cement foundation wall . I mounted the receptacle outside so that required planning a route for the wiring from the receptacle to the switch . The actual hookup to the panel was very easy . I watched the instructional videos on the company website and felt completely confident about installing the switch myself . However , I do recommend that you have some basic knowledge of wiring and grounding . What I liked about this switch , was that you did not need to install a dedicated breaker in your main load panel to power the generator switch .
 If you can do simple wiring do n't hesitate to make this purchase . I 've learned over the years that no home project is quick , but this is one of the few that took me less time than I expected . Less than half a day and I am slow and methodical when I do this type of work . The product works perfectly and appears to be built well . I ca n't speak to long term reliability because I have only had it installed for a few weeks . The instructions are easy to understand and they have installation videos on their website if you need to `` see '' the work being done . I highly reccomend this product !
 The hardest part of installing this transfer switch is hanging the switch on the wall . So if that 's the hardest , anybody can do it -- go ahead winter -- bring it on .
 What a fantastic product . My husband fell `` head-over-heels '' in love with this product . I 've never seen him happier . A must for `` manland '' -- highly recommend it . This product came in a timely fashion and was well packaged .
 We lose power fairly often , so I have a 5,500 W Honeywell generator for backup . We had been using extension cords , which is time consuming and potentially dangerous . After looking at several products , I got this one and have been totally satisfied . I can switch over four lighting circuits , the blower on our gas-fired furnace , and the refrigerator just by starting the generator and flipping the switches.The kit provides everything needed to make the hookup , except for wire from the transfer panel to the generator plug in . -LRB- Use 10-3 with ground wire . -RRB- The instructions were clear and very easy to follow . Plus there are installation videos at the company 's web-site . I read the instructions , planned out the installation -LRB- including which circuits to switch -RRB- , and was done in about four hours.If you are not comfortable working inside your home 's main breaker box , hire an electrician . In any event , turn off the main switch before you start working .
 This is what your looking for ... meet code and safety requirements , quick installation , keeps exsisting breakers in use in panel . Still need a qualified person -LRB- electrician or very compentant do it yourselfer -RRB- involved . Place cord connection on transfer switch or outside depending on your application . Comes in 6 , 8 , or 10 circuit models . Do yourself a favor and do not go much larger than you need . Quick , safe connection of generator to house in an emergency .
 I ordered this on a Friday with Prime overnight delivery just before Super Storm Sandy . My electrician installed it on Monday morning and by Monday night I was using it to power my house . Easy to install , easy to use .
 product performed as expected ordered an installed just before hurricane sandy hit made life easy during 14 days without power.even thought being an electrician , installation pretty simple an possible for the average home owner with basic knowledge of home wiring
 Installed this last year after Hurricane Irene after purchasing a portable generator . Just had a chance to test it during a 6 day power outage with Hurricane Sandy . It worked like a charm . Have it wired to Kitchen circuit to cover refrigerator , Furnace , Sump pump and the rest various lighting circuits throughout house to get by.If you have a portable generator , this is the only way to go . Many of my neighbors were running units with extension cords , but its not ideal . I had heat !
 Nice kit . Very complete and well put together . Very DIY friendly for those comfortable around electricity . Just understand that although the unit is rated for 30 amps , individual circuits are 20 amps max . Ads and wording on box indicate it will run your well pump , but not if you require a 30 amp circuit and 10 ga wire .
 I used the video instructions found on the Reliance website . The videos made the install a breeze . All the wires were clearly marked . So unless you are color blind and ca n't tell the difference between a red and black wire , I 'd say go for it . After install I tested it for one hour with a Champion 6000W generator . I ran 2 fridges , microwave , 2 tvs , furnace , garage door , and all the lights . Would like to run more but I ran out of circuits .
 Have used the same transfer switch for 5 years . Have purchased new house . It is easy to install , directions are complete . Here in the state of Washington , we get to use it often !
 I bought this unit and Im pleased to have it . Our home has been plagued with outages several times this year . I had a portable generator but never used it . The last outage lasted for several hours . I was determined to get my generator working and I did . It took a few hours and patience to install this unit . However , it was not hard . I went on Youtube and the people on there were great in instructing how to install . You only have to get over the fear of doing it yourself . It works perfectly and now I have several friends who want me to install theirs . I highly recommend this product .
 Purchased this from Amazon in July 2012 . It was easy to install , just remember to take your time . I took my time with it and had it installed over about three weekends . I have some electrical experience as I worked for wholesale electrical supply for 25 years . Just remember to plan your circuits first as it will take less time . I was able to work the panel hot and been extremely careful . My panel is a split bus type with a 60amp main . The only problem I had was I did not have a large enough to knock out on the bottom of the panel that was flushed melted . So I had to remove the wires in the larger knockout and move them to another , remember you need I 'll believe it is a knockout . The twist lock receptacle on my generator is a 20 amp so instead of replacing the receptacle I used the 20amp male 2 feet of 10/4 SO cord and purchased a 30amp female adapter instead of cutting off and then then wiring the tent foot cord that came with the transfer switch . All in all very happy with this product . I could have bought it on Ebay for a little less money $ 249 but felt safer ordering from Amazon $ 263 . Remember to view the video at reliance.com and if you have some electrical experience you can install it yourself .
 Last October , the power went out for a week at my house from a fluke snow storm . Because I did n't have a transfer switch , I had extension cords running all over the place . It was then that I decided to take care of that . After some research , and based on the reviews I saw on Amazon.com , I decided to go with the Reliance Controls 31406CRK . It was very easy to install , the hardest part being finding the circuits I needed to run since the previous homeowners never labeled the panel . Once I determined which circuits to run , from start to finish on the installation , it took less than 2 hours which included running the cable and installing the power inlet box . Tested it out and works like a champ . I highly recommend this kit .
 There are two ways to get power from an emergency generator fed to appliances that need to be run during a power outage.The first is to run multiple cables from the generator to each appliance , which is cumbersome , requires running cables all over the place - leaving more things to trip on in the dark.The second is to feed the generator output to the home wiring . I 've seen this done by back-feeding the generator 240V/30A output to the home wiring through the dryer socket after switching the main breaker off . Back-feeding is completely illegal , and very unsafe - especially for linesmen working on downed utility lines.The correct and safe way to connect an emergency generator to home wiring is through a transfer switch . The Reliance Controls 31406/30306 LOAD-SIDE transfer switch was perfect to connect ourDuroMax XP4400E 3600 watt generatorto our home wiring . The transfer switch can support up to 6 circuits -LRB- labeled A-F -RRB- , two of which are 20 Amp -LRB- C & D -RRB- , and the others are 15 Amp , and generator output of up to 7500 watt . Circuits A-C are on one 120V leg of the 240V generator output , while D-F are on the other . You can probably use generators with higher output , as long as your appliances do not draw MORE than 7500 watts.The transfer switch comes pre-wired with a single neutral -LRB- 10 gauge wire -RRB- , single ground -LRB- 10 gauge wire -RRB- , and six pairs of red/black wires -LRB- 12 gauge -RRB- that run to each of the switches/breakers on the transfer switch . The two wires in each set are labeled with the identity of the circuit , i.e. red and black wires labeled `` A '' connect to circuit A on the transfer panel . Connecting the panel to the main electrical panel is very , very easy - requiring just three steps . Make sure you turn your main breaker off before connecting the transfer switch to the main panel as described below : a -RRB- Remove the cover off the main electrical panel , and feed the transfer switch wires to the main panel through a cut-out on the main panel.b -RRB- Cut the neutral wire -LRB- white -RRB- to a suitable length and connect it to the neutral bar in the main panel.c -RRB- Connect the ground wire -LRB- green -RRB- to the ground bar in the main panel.Now , identify the circuits that you wish to be used with emergency power from the generator , and decide which transfer panel switch to connect each of these circuits to . Keep in mind that a 20 Amp circuit on the main panel can only be connected to a 20 Amp breaker on the transfer panel , but a 15 Amp circuit on the main panel can be connected to either a 20 Amp or 15 Amp breaker on the transfer panel . Once the circuits are identified , you can continue - but make sure that you only work on one circuit at a time :d -RRB- Disconnect the black wire from the desired circuit breaker on your main panel , and connect it to the black wire from the appropriate switch -LRB- eg . `` A '' -RRB- on the transfer panel using a YELLOW wire connector.e -RRB- Now , connect the red wire from the same switch -LRB- `` A '' in this example -RRB- to the main panel breaker that you disconnected in step `` d '' . Repeat for each of the five other switches on the transfer switch and the five breakers you selected on the main electrical panel.Put the cover back on the main panel , flip the breakers on the main panel back on , and you 're done!Each switch on the transfer panel has three positions :1 -RRB- Generator2 -RRB- Off3 -RRB- LineBecause this is a load-side transfer switch , when the switch is in line mode , the circuit is connected to power from the utility through the appropriate breaker on the main panel . In the generator position , the circuit is connected to power from the generator , using the appropriate breaker on the transfer panel . In the off position , the circuit is disconnected from both the utility and generator feeds.The load-side design completely isolates the utility and generator sides of each circuit . When using the generator , you do not have to turn off the main breaker on the main panel , or even the breakers for the circuits fed by the generator . When utility power is restored , the switch can be flipped from the generator to the line position without any danger of a back-feed to the generator , which can cause it to break and potentially explode.The transfer panel can be directly wired with a plug for a L14-30 outlet from the generator -LRB- see the pictures -RRB- , and comes with wattmeters to ensure that both 120V legs from the 240V generator output are used equally . Circuits C & D on the transfer panel can be used together for 240V/30A output to an appliance if necessary.The main panel in our house is flush mounted in the garage . Reliance Controls sells a flush mount kit -LRB- part # KF06 -RRB- to flush mount the 31406/30406 , and attach it to a stud.Flush mounting the 31406/30406 in the drywall took me longer than making all the connections in the main panel - but over all the entire process only took 2.5 hours . Following the instructions that come with the transfer switch makes the process very simple for any DIYer .
 We recently bought a 5000 watt generator to power essential home appliances -- this is if and when a power outage should occur.To make this convenient , we installed a Reliance transfer switch . -LRB- Note that the Amazon description is inaccurate in regard that the Reliance Kit 31406CRK is actually rated at 7500 watts -RRB- . We connected the switch to the house wiring right at the circuit box -LRB- as required -RRB- . We found installation of the generator transfer switch to not at all be difficult -LRB- only a rudimentary knowledge of electrical circuitry is required -RRB- . When the electrical power from the grid is out , we can now keep essential appliances -LRB- well pump , refrigerator , and lights -RRB- in operation by running them off of the generator . The transfer switch allows connecting 4 house circuits at 120 volts , and 1 house circuit at 240 volts ; or 6 house circuits at 120 volts.As a side note , safe operation of sensitive electronic devices requires a clean power supply . Consequently , when running off of a generator , devices like TV 's and computers should additionally be connected to a protected outlet . Ideally , the current should pass through a line power conditioner that has a voltage regulator . -LRB- Note that Tripp Lite sells a 600 watt line conditioner with voltage regulator for less than $ 100 -RRB- . Another good option for more safely operating electronic equipment when the grid is down would be through an DC-to-AC inverter.All-in-all we find the 5000 watt generator combined with the Reliance transfer switch -LRB- the kit -RRB- to comprise an effective -LRB- yet inexpensive -RRB- system that can power most of our essential home appliances .
 This kit is nice . You can not beat the price if you were to get all that 's included separately.Again its a very nice kit but I 'm not so sure about the well built comments I read in some of the other reviews.I installed mine in about two hours . I turn back on the power feeding the six circuits that I 'm feeding with the transfer switch and one by one I flipped each switch on the transfer switch to the line position . Once all of the six circuits were on I then checked around the house to see that everything had power and worked . Well , I found that my furnace and one of the two bedroom circuits were dead . You know DEAD , as in No power , dark and cold . WTF . So I 'm thinking to myself , ok Ive been working for one of the largest companies on ALL OF EARTH as a electrician building industrial equipment for the last 21 years and I 'm very confident that I did n't make any mistakes . But , I 'm only human . So I checked all Of my connections and found that all was good . Next I made sure that none of the breakers just needed reset and found that this too was ok . Next out of frustration like you would an old tv I gave the side of the transfer switch a good smack . Well not so funny to me as it may sound to you readers but that worked for the bedroom circuit . `` LIGHT ARE ON IN THE BEDROOM '' my wife gave a yell . OK I do n't know about the rest of you , but this to me was not acceptable . It did however give me a clue as too what was wrong . Everybody say it together now `` SOMETHING IN THERE IS LOOSE '' . I Turned off the power to the SIX circuits feeding through the switch and removed the two screws in the case to try and see what was amiss . THERE IT WAS PLAIN AS DAY . ONE OF THE WIRES WAS NOT EVEN PUSHED ONTO ITS POST ON ONE OF THE SWITCHES AND THE OTHER WAS ABOUT TO COME OFF -LRB- bedroom circuit -RRB- . Firstly , why are all of these connection made with just push on connections . We call these `` fast on connection '' at work . Secondly , and more importantly why are they not on there termination points . WHATS WITH THIS CRAP . I SHOULD N'T HAVE TO BE TAKING EQUIPMENT APART TO MAKE REPAIRS TO IT . Anyway , I pushed the two wires onto there termination points and closed the box up and turned the power back on . TA DA ! everything worked . Are you all still with me ? There 's more . Anyway , an hour later the family and I return from getting lunch and would n't you know it . Both of the bedroom circuits are not working . I found that the two bedroom arc fault breakers in my main breaker panel were tripped . This to me automatically indicated to me that Something is loose and is , are you ready for this ? Something is ARCING . Arcing is bad . Arcing leads to electrical fires under the right conditions . BUT , My arc fault breakers did there job . So again I open the transfer switch to see what was loose . I found that everyone of the push on or fast on connections were loose and needed some attention . One by one I had to remove and with needle nose pliers make all of these connections tighter by slightly closing or crushing each of the push on crimps . This is NOT something anyone should need to do on any new piece of equipment EVER . But since I was really not into the idea of tearing it all out and returning it to Amazon for a new one , only to receive another half assed unit from a company that 's apparently not that concerned with quality . I decided to just make the repairs . And to add insult to injury I was disappointed to see that this shabby work was made in the USA according to the box . COME ON GUYS WERE BETTER THAN THAT . I would have expected this type of work from elsewhere on the planet.ANYWAY , that all having been said . I would have giving this Kit a five star if it were n't for these wiring issues . Its a nice kit with all that it comes with for the money . Easy to install with some basic electric knowledge and a few tools . I guess I would recommend this kit as I hope this is just an isolated case . I did write a lengthy e-mail to Reliance controls support team about my issue two weeks ago and as of this writing and have not received even a peep from them.Mmmmm.OK Ive said enough , or to much , you decide .
 I purchased this transfer switch in the Fall from Home Depot -LRB- it would have been cheaper getting it through Amazon -RRB- along with an Elite Series 6200 generator from Sears . Even though we lost power several times this winter , I was putting off the installation because it involved running 100 feet of wire . Well , we lost power again and that prompted me to finally give it a whirl.The first thing to note is the great installation videos , available on the DVD that comes with the kit and also online . I actually watched the videos online before I made the purchase , which is what made me feel comfortable about doing this on my own in the first place . I watched the videos several times and made notes for the section of the procedure where I would n't have power . These were : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Label switches A , B , C&D ; , E , F -LRB- 2 -RRB- Turn off main and remove cover . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Tap out knockout and pull wires though -LRB- you also need to tighten the clamp ring , not mentioned in the video -RRB- . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Mount transfer switch -LRB- I had prepared the area ahead of time -RRB- . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Connect white wire to open position in neutral bar -LRB- explained in the video -RRB- . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Connect green wire to grounding -LRB- neutral -RRB- bar -LRB- all this is explained in the video -RRB- . -LRB- 7 -RRB- For wire A , turn off breaker and remove existing wire , cut red wire A , strip , and connect to breaker . Take black wire A , cut and strip , and attach to wire taken out of circuit with yellow wire nut . -LRB- 8 -RRB- Repeat for the rest of the wires . -LRB- 9 -RRB- Tuck wires in a bit and replace.This procedure went very smoothly.Similarly , installing the remote port and wiring it and the transfer switch was easy to do following the instructions . I did have to run out and get wire conduit clamps , but in the end I was feeling quite confident , fired up the generator , and started testing the circuits.Circuits C&D ; -LRB- my well -RRB- and F -LRB- my boiler -RRB- received power . Unfortunately , circuits A -LRB- my fridge -RRB- and B and E -LRB- misc -RRB- were not working . I spent a while trying to troubleshoot this , checking to see if the generator was overloaded , etc. , and realized that these circuits were failing even when they were the only ones the generator was powering . The amp meters read zero . It seemed to me that my wiring in the main panel must be OK because the appliances work in LINE mode , and turn off in the OFF setting . Finally , I called customer support.I ca n't say enough about the customer support . The technician was patient and knowledgeable , and together we analyzed the problem . Because my well was working on circuits C&D ; , he said that the generator was probably not the problem , since it was sending power on both `` legs '' -LRB- another thing explained in the video -RRB- . He had me check the switches by watching the fridge after switching to GEN , and then pushing on the switch -LRB- upward , checking for a loose connection -RRB- . Still , no power . He suggested that it might be the circuit breakers , which could be accessed by removing the black ring and screw , and then two additional screws in the transfer panel at which point the upper assembly can tip forward and out . I told him I would try swapping the good F breaker with the failing A breaker and call him back with the results.Well , when I had the switch apart and was swapping those circuit breakers -LRB- wiggling them free from their connectors -RRB- I noticed that one of the connectors on the A switch seemed loose , so I tightened it . Also , one of the two connectors on the B breaker was off , although that might have been caused by my efforts in swapping the two breakers.Anyway , I button the thing back up and not only does the A circuit work , but all the other circuits as well.I 'm sure that my experience was unusual , but it 's good to know that where I had problems they were readily resolved through good technical support . I will definitely recommend this product to my friends , and maybe for a beer I 'll even help them install it.ADD
 I bought the product at 289 $ -LRB- US -RRB- . With shipping it totalled 308 $ -LRB- canadian $ -RRB- . It got home in a few days by UPS with an added unexpected 52 $ brokerage fee which was n't announced before hand in the shipping fees.It is sturdy and exactly as specified in the advertizing . The accompanying documentation is complete and very well detailed . You should also consult the Utube detailed explanations offered on the manufacturers site . You can download to better view the videos.The installations documentation and video are complete and I could without help install the switch.I installed and tested the switch with the ETQ generator -LRB- 5 250 Watts -RRB- which I also bought to power the house in an emergency and electric failure.Everything works great and according to the marketing . I power the motor of the fan on the oil blow furnace , the refrigerator , two other important electrical circuits and even the water heater . I have n't fully tested heating up the water heater though in a prolonged situation so that I ca n't vouch for this result . According to the specs it should be ok as it requires 4 000 Watts for this appliance.Great product .
 I looked this item up at Reliance Controls . While this price is dramatically lower the actual specs are a little inaccurate . The Max Wattage is actually 7500 W not 4500 W . In any case it will support 30 or 20 amp generators .
 Finished installation 2 days before a 14 hour power outage ! Performed exactly as described and really made it easy to use generator backup . We had heat when it was 18 outside ! Installation is very straightforward and if you view the excellent video demo on the Reliance website , even more so . In fact , this viewing should be mandatory before you start ! Instruction manual is excellent with step-by-step descriptions and good illustrations . I would not recommend the installation into the main electrical box for someone who is not familiar with the basics of what is in there ! Other than that , if you are a moderately skilled do-it-yourselfer , you should have no problems.This is a top-notch product with excellent support by the manufacturer .
 Great item for adding power inlet and control to your home . This will only cover a very small amount of circuits and not a lot of input power but great for the medium size generators out there for home use . Very Very easy to install with all the parts you need . If you connect the outside inlet box based on most code requirements you will need to buy a couple of things from your local hardware store . If you are not an electrician or do not have this kind of knowledge HIRE THIS OUT . It is simple and will not cost a lot to have the right person do this right . If you have the background to install it this can not get any easier . ALL THE PARTS YOU NEED ARE THERE .
 We moved in to our home about two months ago and are already on power outage number three . Most of the neighbors simply hook up their generators to a 220v outlet in the garage and `` remember to turn off the main breaker . '' I 'm not willing to risk the lives of the workers helping to repair the lines . This unit was simple to install and eliminates the risk of sending power back into the grid . It is very easy to use once installed and the instruction manual is clear and concise . Total install time for me was about two hours but the majority of that time was running the cable to the remote power inlet . The process of hooking the transfer switch to the breaker panel only took about ten minutes since the wires were so clearly marked.Another great benefit is the wattage meter than helps ensure the load on the generator is balanced . The only other item that needs to be purchased is the cable that runs between the transfer switch and the remote power inlet . I ran 10/3 plus ground wire through 3/4 '' flexible conduit . I also drove a brass rod into the ground connected to the generator frame by a # 12 copper braid to make sure everything is well grounded . This is a very easy project .
 This is the perfect product if you have a small generator and want to operate up to six circuits . The instructions are clear and step-by-step . All you will have to purchse is a length of 10-4 cable to attach the included exterior box to the panel . Worth every penny .
 Easy installation.Very good instructions with a video.Price was very fair considering you get the outdoor receptacle and the cord .
 Arrived in great shape and included plenty of information to install . I found it easy to follow the instructions , but I 've also had some experience with electrical work around the house and the panel box . If you are new to electricity , this might be too much to take on yourself . That said , the product worked great . Another note , make sure you have space near your panel box to mount this switch . The metal conduit only gives you 12 &#34; or so of room and is n't super flexible . The hardest part of the install for me was clearing a space and mounting it onto the wall . Fortunately , I had the tools on hand to accomplish this . Like many manuals the instructions merely say &#34; fasten &#34; the device to the wall . Sounds easy enough , but make sure you have fasteners -LRB- I used tapcon screws -RRB- and a decent drill/driver to get the job done . All in all , a good product and a great value .
 After installing two of these , I can say this is a very good product . Very easy to install , everything is clearly labeled , and includeseverything you need except for a 10/3 wire to reach from the bypass to the generator receptacle . The only thing I 'd say is a negative is the proprietary design of the switches and breakers that would prevent easy replacement , but I have n't had one of these running long enough yet to determine how well they will hold up .
 Just purchased this in antispation of `` Sandy '' watched the DVD instructions and installed in about 2 hours . Super easy , great instructions , and worked great when I tested it . My guess is that the powere will not go out now . Well worth the price .
 I had an electrician friend help me install this . It really was n't too hateful to install since I already had conduit from the outside of the house to my basement . All I needed to do was hang the plug on the outside of the house -LRB- which is fully weatherproof by the way -RRB- , run some wire to the transfer switch , -LRB- I did have to buy some longer wire at Lowes -RRB- and wire it into the electrical board . I also unhooked the connectors between the two middle 20 amp circuits and now have 6 circuits total instead of 5 . Tested it and it works great .
 Great product for a great price . My electrician was so impressed with this value that he was going to buy one for a relative .
 I 'm in northern New Jersey . After the 2011-Halloween snow storm , I finally decided to get a backup portable generator -LRB- PowerMate Vx 6500-PM0106507 w/electric start -RRB- . After reviewing the online videos on the Reliance Control website I realized this would be a very simple straightforward task . I did not use an Electrician , fortunately I am comfortable with working inside the box -LRB- know what to touch and what NOT to touch , Master switch off first !!! -RRB- . Filed for a permit with the town . Had it inspected and passed without a hitch.If your code enforcement department gives you a hard time on the specs , stress to them the transfer box is pre-wired and that the installation videos are on-line for them to view and the videos come with the kit on CD .
 I wavered before attempting to install a transfer switch even though I have advanced electrical skills . This switch was easy to install , had instructions that were actually readable and had everything included I needed to install the switch -LRB- Except the tools ! -RRB- . I would recommend this switch .
 When the power goes out , you 'll be glad you bought it . After you have a qualified electrician install it , it 's just a flip of a few switches and you have power again . Once the power get 's back up , just flip the switches to back to the line power and shut off the grenerator . It powers most everything in my small house .
 First of all , I 'd like to commend both the written documentation and the videos that are available -LRB- this product did n't come with a DVD , but you can find the videos on YouTube -RRB- . Both of these did an excellent job preparing me to install this product . After purchasing some flexible conduit and romex from Lowes , I was able to drill a hole in the side of my house near my power main , and run the conduit through the top plate , dropping it into the basement near the main power panel . I drilled through a stud and broke out one of the power panel knockouts , and was able to wire the whole thing very easily . All the wires are labeled nicely . I got my generator to run my sump pump , refrigerator , 1st floor lights , and a few other things . I have gas water heating and a fireplace , so I 'm not concerned about either of those . It took me around 7 hours to install this completely . I made a quick summary video here
 Nice unit easy to install no problems . Just as decribed . Hooked right up to my Generators no Problems . Yours generators may not have the standard plug on your unit and may require you to go purchase one , Still no problems . Watch the video on youtube on how to install . . Fast shipping wonderful price .
 I had an electrician do the install , which was quick and easy given all the included pieces , he said . Operating the switch is easy . Combined with a small-ish 4000w generator , it should power a few key circuits in the house during an outage .
 The instructions were complete and VERY easy to follow . Completed the installation in a couple of hours , and that was taking my sweet time .
 This is a very nice package of items to provide a safe means to connect and control portable generator power use in a home during a power outage . The cord connects the generator to the externally mounted receptacle . After connecting the receptacle to the transfer switch -LRB- materials not included in kit -RRB- , the supplied , labeled wires need only be connected inside the breaker panel . I did not need the plug which comes with the kit -- I used the cord as it was supplied . The components are substantial in construction . The equipment is well-labeled , and the instructions are clear and complete . Well done , Reliance !
 This product is fantastic and very well thought out ! It is one of the best kits available for the intended purpose . Very well made and easy to install . You only need to provide the 10/3 wire if you are installing the outside receptacle . A great product and highly recomended !
 I received and installed the 30 amp Transfer switch to my home . I must say it works exactly as discribed . No more need to run endless extention cords troughout my house during power outages . I recommend highly . 5 Stars I ratethis product .
 The Reliance switch is one of my best purchases at Amazon . After the last would be Hurricane , I was not going to be left in the dark again . The great price and easy hook up were the two best attributes in securing my generator power to my home . Thanks Amazon and Reliance for a worthy and valuable solution .
 Just what I was looking for to connect my electric power generator safely to the house power panel . -LRB- A few more circuits would be desirable to allow connection options - but the price of this unit made it the cost-effective choice vs. a 10-ckt unit . -RRB-
 This product is great and installing it was easy , except the directions assume that you have only one circuit breaker panel box . I have a larger house and it has two boxes . I wanted to connect to 3 circut breakers in one box and 3 in the other box . Not really a problem . I had to buy another 3/4 wire conduit to run to the other box . I 'm no electrician and began to wonder about grounding the second box , as I used the only white and green wire to ground to the first box . The boxes are probably already grounded to each other , but I did n't want to take the chance . I ran another white and green wire from box # 1 back thru the conduit to the transfer box and on out the other conduit to the second box . I hope I am right , as everything seems to work just fine.They ought to address this situation in the directions anyway .
 I wired this myself . No big deal if you have some home wiring experience and have no issues with working in the circuit box . Otherwise get some experienced help just to be sure . Follow the instructions closely . The videos on their web site were great . I am using this with a Honeywell HW7500E I purchased on Amazon as well . It 's a great combo - powers what we truly need in the house . I have the following hooked up
 I purchased this transfer switch after my hooking up my generator to my breaker box a few times during power outages , the old way.The old was consists of , taking the cover off of the breaker panel.Killing the main breaker , then hard wiring each breaker buss to the generator.Then locating and turning on the breakers to turn on to power up the circuits I need.Not to mention all of this is done in total darkness , if the power outage happens at night.Then the process has to be reversed after the outage ends.The Reliance Controls 6 Circuit Transfer Switch eliminates all of this hassle , and almost makes hooking up my emergency generator fun.I did the instillation myself , and found it very easy to do . It took me about two hours of my time , and everything I needed for the hook up , except the mounting screws for the box , and wire for hooking up the units receptacle is in the box.Reliance has a step by step video on how to install the switch on their web site.I watched the video a couple of times and then installed the switch.The instructions , and video showed me how to balance my circuits to avoid overloading my generator.The transfer switch has six two way circuit switches , each having its own built in breaker.Now when the power goes out I plug in the cable that came supplied , one end to my generator , and the other end to the supplied receptacle.Then I start the generator , and flip the 6 switches from the line side to the generator side , and I 'm back in business.Now from the time the power goes out , to the time that the generator is hooked up and running my house circuits is about ten minutes.The time it takes to start the generator , plug in two plugs , and flip six breaker switches.I do n't even have to open my house 's breaker box door.If you are thinking of buying this item , I say go for it you will be happy you did the next time you loose power.Now instead of dreading a power loss , I know I can be comfortable again with just plugging in a cord , and the flip of six switches.This is the best money I have spent in a long , long time .
 The 6 circuit Reliance Transfer Switch is a great product . It 's easy to install & provides the safety required by electrical inspectors . In addition , it 's easy to use . There 's no need to ever go into your main breaker box when you want to switch over to generator power - just flip the switches on the Reliance and you 're power is back on .
 I purchased this transfer switch along with a portable generator . The switch is well made and has all of the components needed for install . I used the remote -LRB- outside -RRB- connection so I had to purchase house wire to run from the remote location to the panel switch box - no big deal . The installation was very simple and straight forward . I already had the hardware mounted so the actual connection to the electrical panel only took about 30 minutes . I highly recommend that you watch the excellent video series on the Reliance Controls web site . It takes all the guess work out of the install . I had a professional finish the electrical connedtion . He watched the video first and was very impressed . I would highly this switch . Prior to my purchase , I checked the area stores for the switch and the Amazon price averaged $ 80.00 less than the store prices . All around , a very good price and excellent product . No downside to this switch .
 This generator transfer switch is the best way to go to be prepared for home emergency power needs . I looked at some less expensive `` plates '' that block out the breakers but did not feel very safe about using them . The manufacture has an excellent web site with video on installation of this product . The circuit breaker panal is in my finshed basement . Working out the details of where to loacte the tranfer switch inside and run the wiring for the power inlet box outside took some time but was well worth it when I was done . With a little encourgement I think even my wife could set up the generator and power up the house .
 Came in pretty fast 3 days Ground . Well Boxed and Intact . Was Easy to understand the Manual . Had to buy 15 ' of 10/3 Wire to run the Input Box to the Switch.Plus some Wire Hold Downs . Hardest part was to Balence the load and figure out the Outlets I wanted to run with Generator Power.I Chose a 5500W-R/6800W-P Generator to Match up Demands.Took about 2.5 hrs to put it all together Start to Finish . Just Follow Directions and watch the Videos and youll be all right . Double check your work . I wouldnt recomend trying this yourself if you dont understand what your looking at after you open the Breaker Box Cover . If you do , Its Cake .
 I 'm basing this review on two aspects . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Installation
 I bought this to install on a commercial walk-in-cooler . The cooler has separate circuits for lights , the inside evaporator coil fan , outside compressor , and condenser fan . If the power goes out , it would be a catastrophe for our company ... In steps this product
 I purchased the DuroMax XP4400E generator from Amazon and decided thatit would be a nuisance to run extension cords around the house so I decidedto purchase this Reliance Kit . It comes with everything you will need forinstallation except the 10-3 wire and any 3/4 conduit you might need . The kitwas delivered in pristine condition along with a full installation manual . Icontacted my electrician and he came out and quoted me $ 1150.00 to install.Needless to say , I sent him on his way and he became my ex-electrician . Istudied the manual and the on-line video over and over and being familiarto a degree with basic wiring , tackled the job myself . It took me all of 1-1/2 hours to install and wire the transfer box and another 2 hours -LRB- the next dayto run the 10-3 from the transfer box to the inlet box I installed on theexterior of my home . I used 50ft of 10-3 purchased also on Amazon . I calledReliance once to clarify something in the manual and was given the informationimmediately . Everything tested out perfect and I saved a bundle of money.I guess the electrician needed his $ 328.57 an hour but he wasnt getting itfrom me . . Anyone with a basic knowledge of house wiring can install this bythemselves without any problems as long as you FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS . Myneighbor who does concrete work poured a 36x32 '' slab on the exterior near theInlet Box to hold my Generator If you are leery or are in the dark about electricity , GET PROPER HELP and dont take a chance on getting hurt , or worse !!
 I used to work for a gen-set company . My generators are on all the Panama canal locks . I 'm a licensed electrical contractor with 35 years exp . This unit has everything you need except the generator and gas . Very easy to install . I called tech support and they answered all the questions I had . Very simple to install and Evan simpler to use . Do n't forget the Stay-billfor the gas and a battery tender if it 's electric start .
 This thing has everything you need except the cable running from the transfer box to the outlet . It took about 30 mins to hoo everything up , but I am an Electrician , so take that into account . Great quality , it has brought me through several storms . I get many compliments on it and the install job . It comes out looking very professional .
 Easy installation and works great . Would recommend this product to anyone who needs backup power connected to their home . Everything is included except wiring for transfer switch to inlet box .
 I bought a Briggs & Stratton generator and was advised but other Amazon buyers to buy this kit . This is the only way to go to install the generator and be ready for blackouts . Worth every penny and easy to follow instructions
 The one thing that greatly impresses me about this product are the great videos which are available online . You can find them on YouTube -LRB- holisticplanthealth -RRB- or the RelianceControls website.I did have an electrician do the connection to the main fusebox , but I did a lot of the other work.The only suggestion I have is that instead of cutting the wires short , keep them long so that during a loss of power if you decide you want to change your mind about the circuits , you can just move the wires around . Right now I have the two furnaces wired up , but during mid-July I might want to run an air conditioner.I also had trouble drilling into my concrete . If you rent a hammer drill , not a cheap one , it will be worth the cost.I put up a piece of 3/4 '' plywood and screwed my box into it.I also connected my outside plug to the transfer switch before connecting it to the main box . The video connects the main box first and then the outside connector box.You will also have to do your homework and figure out which circuits are critical and balance your load.My wife and I got on our phones and turned off each circuit to figure out what each controlled .
 Installation is a breeze . Well designed and easy to use . Only minor issue that could make this 100 % fool proof is the need to pair up A - E Circuit wires . Other than this very minor issue this is too easy not to recommend to any DYI weekend warrior .
 This product is absolutley a must have if you own a generator . Bought it since we have power outages fairly often due to storms / tornados . If you can follow written istructions then you wo n't have a problem installing this transfer switch . I also viewed a few videos and found them most helpful . Installed in a few hours , tested it and it worked perfect !!! You wo n't be sorry you bousght this item at all .
 Purchased this transfer swith after super storm Sandy.I had to wait over 6 weeks to get it but it was worth the wait.Everything you need is all in the box except a short piece of 30 amp wire that goes from the transfer switch to the outlet.Hookup was a breeze IF you know some electricty.This is a surface mount box for use in a garage setting.I had to purchase a flush mount kit for an additional 50 bucks because my electrical box is recessed in a finished wall.That took a little longer but the final look is nice.I was able to wire 6 circuits up to my generator which will now provide me with all the essentials . . Play it safe and get this kit as it is worth the money to do the job right ...
 The installation is as easy as the directions say it is . A DIY'er with some electrical knowledge can install this switch easily . Of course , a little pre-planning helps . The hard part is determining what circuits to use and how much wattage each draws . I am glad I got it and it was at a good price .
 Very clear instructions , even a minor electrician can mount and install this switch . Works as good as more expensive models .
 Great product , easy to install and wire.Directions were easy to understand and equipment is well made and gauges very accurate
 Having installed electrical transfer switches on larger systems , this is an easy alternative to those for emergency power on a few circuits . It was easy to install and the instructions provided with the switch were very easy to follow .
 Instructions were clear and easy to understand . All wires were clearly marked making connection to the main fuse box easy . Everything needed was included in the box except for the wire needed to the remote outlet which can be purchased at your local hardware store .
 Bought this based on research and other reviews . Excellent product , fast shipping , straightforward install . Local `` blue house '' giant box had similar item for a few bucks more but did n't include the exterior box . Though they carried it for another fifty-clams ! Very satisfied with the build quality of all of the components , would buy again .
 Dealer lived up to their name ` quick_shippers_4u ' when I received it well before the anticipated delivery date . I installed the product and it worked out very well . I was able to test the product without having to shut the house down and still power the rest of the house using the Transfer switch and my portable generator . I have confidence now to do a quick power up during any outage.I will only add , if you do not have any electrical experience , consult an electrician to make sure you are not improperly loading the circuits . Even though the instructions may give you some direction , your house wiring may not be as advertised by the builder . Make sure you do a breaker check and find out which breaker is powering portions of your house . Improper balancing may damage the generator you are using through this switch or any switch you use!In the last year we had the opportunity to need this device and it has worked out very well . Make sure you show your significant other and/or children -LRB- age appropriate ... 18 or older recommended -RRB- how to use it , mark your breakers and supply simple instructions near the panel . Remember K.I.S.S Keep it Simple!This device is perfect for our needs , Sump pumps , refrigerators , freezers , TV and internet devices . If you live in an unstable power grid area , this product works great ... only your proper wiring technique will affect your switch and generator effectiveness .
 This item was easy to install , when I checked out the installation , everything worked.I have not had a power outage yet , but i 'm confident it will do the job I purchased it for .
 Have not needed to use the transfer switch function yet but the instalation was simple following the instructions and quality of the equipment is good .
 This is a great product , very easy to install if you have a head on your shoulders and an ability to turn a screwdriver , and it works great .
 Can someone that has ordered this kit from amazon answer a question for me ? I see the connector in the picture for of the `` Power Cord Inlet Box '' that mounts on the outside of the house . Is this included in the kit ? I ca n't seem to fing that information anywhere that I have searched .
 I bought this transfer switch and had it installed in about 2 hours . The instructions are excellent and the Reliance website has video of the installation which made installation a breeze . The only other thing you will need is a length of 10-3 wire to connect to the receptacle . After installation I tested out everything and all worked perfectly . If your a a do-it-yourselfer , this installation is really easy and being able to power up 6 essential circuits in a few minutes , is priceless when the power goes out .
 You must spend the money and get a transfer case for a portable generator.It is a saftey item that prevents backfeed to the power line when the electricity is restored.Also , a little known fact is these transfer cases actually increase the capacity of the generator by allowing various circuits to be turned on sequentially.I have a ten year old 5,000 watt generator and with this set-up , I can run a furnace ,2 referigerators , a well pump , and a kitchen panel for a microwave , coffeemaker , kitchen lights , and I also hook-up my T.V. to an extension from the kitchen to living room!The transfer case makes all the difference , so , even though the parts and professional hook-up -LRB- highly recommended fot about 150-200 dollars -RRB- may cost as much as a generator , it IS WELL WORTH IT !
 Installed following video without a hitch . Can be installed on breakers spanning 2 panels just ground and neutral to one -LRB- I do not know if this meets code -RRB- . Hardest part was finding a conduit to run between panels . Only downside is the use of proprietary , non replaceable breaker switches . Do n't know why they did that .
 Everyone who has a generator needs one of these -LRB- Or you can spend 10K and get a whole house generator -RRB- . As a homeowner the transfer switch was a breeze to install - A to A , B to B. ... . The only downside is there are only 6 circuits . Our new home has 23 on the main panel . It was difficult to decide which circuits to power . The washer , dryer , unused rooms did n't make the cut . I did double up some of the circuits while the generator was running -LRB- not for the first timer or someone who does not know electricity -RRB- . We have the most wanted circuits - microwave , kitchen , family room , bathroom , AND the home theater . There is only so much a guy/gal can live without.For a small generator this panel is a must . Read the directions and do n't play with live power . If you are new to this , turn off the main breaker AND check with a probe that there is no power present . Spend the money to get a good probe - you will use it in the future .
 Decided to purchase this switch after a week-long power outage and having to run extension cords all over the house to provide generator power . This switch is perfect for the Do-It-Yourself ` er who has some electrical knowledge/experience and is comfortable working in the electrical panel . The Transfer Switch is a `` Load Side '' switch which prevents power from being backfed into the grid , which was a big concern of mine . The switch comes all pre-wired internally which makes installation really easy.I also purchased the flush mount kitFlush Kit for 4 and 6 Circuit Modelbecause I was mounting it in a finished wall next to my breaker panel . The flush mount kit comes with a longer conduit which gives you a bit more flexiblity as to where you can mount the switch in relation to your breaker panel . This was very helpful . In addition , I purchased the Clear Plastic CoverReliance Transfer Switch Clear Cover - For 6-Circuit Switches Item #s 100002to protect the switches from getting accidentally moved.Installation is relatively easy if you take your time . It helps to have all your circuit breakers marked in advance so you know exactly which breakers control the various areas/appliances in your home . It comes with a receptacle that you can install outdoors and plug the generator into OR you can remove the outlet from the receptacle and intstall it in the front of the transfer switch . If you install it outside you will need some 10/3 wire to run from the switch to the receptacle . I 'm really happy with the way it looks and the way it works.I would highly recommend this switch .
 The transfer switch itself is designed so that the installation can be done quickly and easily by some one who has basic handyman skills . A few tips :1 . Other than the transfer switch I had to buy about 50 feet of 10/3 romex wire with ground , wire staples , cable clamps , 3/4 inch emt , compression connectors etc. . These are readily available in your local home improvement store . What you need depends on where you want to install the external outlet .2 . Install the external outlet and the # 10 wire going from the transfer switch to the external outlet first . For me this took about 4 hours -- a # 10 romex wire is not the easiest thing to manipulate . I had to drill through a concrete wall to get the wire from the basement to the external outlet . If you do all of this before connecting the transfer switch to the load center , you will minimize the time you need to turn off the load center . Since my load center was in the basement , I had to do this last step using a work light once the mains were off .3 . On a piece of paper write down how you want to map the circuits in the load center to those in the transfer switch . Put little sticky tapes to ID the circuit breakers in the load center that you want to connect to the transfer switch . Once you take the load center 's cover off there will be no easy way to identify them . The rest of the steps wont take much time . Double check all the connections -- for example , it is easy to mistake the E and the F wires . This whole process took me about half an hour .4 . You can safely map a 20 Amp circuit in the load center to a 15 Amp circuit in the transfer switch . When the circuit switch in the transfer switch is in line position , the corresponding 20 Amp circuit breaker in the load center will be active . When the same circuit switch is in gen position , the circuit breaker in the transfer switch will be active . In either case , there will be no issue of overloading the house wires carrying the power to the appliances .
 This transfer switch kit is well built , complete and about as easy to install as something like this can be . I installed it in about 2 hours . The only thing not included is the wire to connect the outside input plug to the transfer switch . Installation does not require extensive electrical knowledge . If you can replace a light switch or outlet you can probably handle this .
 I bought this transfer switch kit minus the outdoor outlet . The night before I read the directions and watched the DVD I got with the kit . I went downstairs and marked the breakers that I wanted to use and figured out the load balance . The next afternoon I attatched the switch next to my box -LRB- on plywood -RRB- , turned off the main power , ran the conduit to my box and started wiring . 45 minutes later I was done . I triple checked everything so it could probably take less time . When I finished , I closed the box and got my generator out . Plugged it in , checked to see that the load was balanced , and voila ! I have a 5500 watt generator and I power my furnace , fridge , upstairs lights , downstairs lights , and downstairs outlets ! This product is easy to install for anyone . Great directions , good DVD , well labled , and well made in the USA . I liked the small size of the box as well . I paid $ 250 for my kit with shipping so I have no complaints .
 Do n't let anyone scare you about installing this switch . It 's a well made unit with wonderful customer support . Reliance 's website has a video that walks you right through the installation.They also include a DVD of the same series of videos . I am not a person that is comfortable messing with electricity , but this install was a breeze . The hardest part was drilling through my exterior brick to mount the outdoor receptacle . The wiring with the printed wires is a breeze . By the way , this unit is the same as the 3006HDK -LRB- which stands for Home Depot Kit -RRB- so if you find the 3006 for less , rest assured that it 's the same unit . Follow the videos and you 'll save a lot of money by not hiring an electrician .
 I am no electrician but I am handy . This was very easy to install . Review the online video and read the instructions . I installed the power cord inlet box inside my basement near a window 30 feet from the electrical box . I choose to run 10 gage wire inside conduit to the inlet box . The end of the power cord did not fit my generator . I purchased the correct end and made a change , now everything works as it should .
 Excellent product , although the kit comes complete with do it yourself instructions , we had the unit installed by a licensed electrician for $ 150 . This was to ensure we had no issues with our home insurance policy . We combined the transfer switch with a 4000watt generator we found on Amazon that was the only model that offered free shipping to Hawaii . The switch works perfectly and comes with meters that monitor the power usage -LRB- watts -RRB- as appliances are turned on . If I had known just how effective the switch was before purchasing , I would have bought the 10 switch kit and an 8000watt generator . The kit comes with the interface power cable and outside wall outlet that connects your generator to the transfer switch . The installation was passive and the electrician only had to turn the power panel breaker for each of the 6 inputs I selected off during the installation . This is a must for every homeowner . We recently had a wind storm that knocked out power for a few days -LRB- the utility company conveniently decided to go on strike the first day of the storm -RRB- . We were the only house on our block that had true back up power to our home . We ran 2 small freezers , a large refrigerator , house lights , home security system , and automatic garage door system without any issues . We love you Amazon and highly recommend patrons to shop online @ Amazon.com !!!
 I primarily bought this product so that my wife could easily connect the generator to the house . After installing it I also love it . No need to run drop cords all over the place to try to run the appliances . You do n't have to rewire the furnace or anything else . Just fire up the generator and flip the switches . Well worth the money !
 Incredibly easy to install ... video explained every step . Just wanted to add my positive comments ... only question I have is , do I need a qualified electrician to put a stamp of approval on my installation to satisfy insurance regulations ?
 I have been looking for a transfer switch . I read several reviews here at Amazon . I decided to order the Reliancetransfer switch . It had all the parts I needed and compared to several other companies , the best price.When I got the kit I was impressed how well made it was . No cheap stuff here . I put it all together installed iton the wall put conduit and the proper wire in it . Installed the outlet outside next to my generator . Just tomake sure it was all done to the satisfaction of the power company , I had a electrician come and wire it . Iam sure I could have done it , but was concerned about code in our area . They came out and took a lookat the unit and what I had already done . They returned the next day and in an hour finished up . I ran thegenerator and checked out the essential circuits I had selected . It worked perfect . the load was balancedjust great . They commented that this the best unit they have seen and thought I had made an outstandingChoice . Yes I recommend it highly
 Compared many transfer switches and this one is easy < foolproof > to use , easily installed with some basic electrical/wiring skills -LRB- hire an electrician if you do n't feel `` comfy '' playing with 220 -RRB- . Once installed simple to transfer power in an outage to your generator without possibility of feedback from utility.Also does NOT require extra add on bits and pieces as do others for install -LRB- IE
 This is a nice unit . We were without power for over two weeks during Ike . A friend sold me his brand Sears new generator a day after the storm and gave me 28 gallons of gasoline . I had no idea we would be without power for so long . I have a two year old and six year old boy . The two year old thinks he is a master electrician . We had multiple extension cords and it was very dangerous and a big mess . I knew I would find a better way once I had access to the internetWell it has taken me almost a year to figure out what I would do . I selected this unit because it works with what I already have . This system is not as easy to install if you have drywall . I had two professional electricians install it and it took them four hours . The combination of very tough Oklahoma red brick and drywall played a factor.I used John Kuenstle Electric -LRB- Houston -RRB- 832-425-2152 to install it and they were impressed with the design . We spent about 45 minutes after the install thoroughly testing all the circuits I had it on . I am not sure if this is right but it seemed like my generator was working less because it was going though this 30 amp cord . I could be dreaming but it did not seem to bog down with the transfer switch . They also found a wiring fault in my Sears -LRB- Briggs and Stratton -RRB- Generator and that might have had something to do with it.This one product I hope I never need !
 I purchased this item for a family member , and I installed/wired it into their house , but we have not lost power since so have not had an opportunity to see if , or how well , it works .
 I purchased this product in my area and it cost twice as much as what amazon.com had it for . The service was excellent , website was very easy to use . Matter of fact , I got my co-worker to purchase items on amazon and he also loved the site . Thank you .
 Very simple to install and use . I sleep much better during our many snow/sleet/freezing rain storms knowing that I have a generator and transfer station .
 I bought a pair of these loppers two years ago , for use around our home . We have about 3/4 acre and do most of our own pruning and stuff around the yard . I love these loppers , they do n't lose their edge , or get loose , and make clean cuts on even dry branches.Unfornately , a few weeks ago , I broke the forged tang of these loppers while cutting a branch . I contacted Corona , who asked me to send photos , which I did via email . They sent a complete new pair to me in the mail within two weeks , no charge ! I did n't have any problem with their support staff or anything.If I could give them more than five stars , I would ! Thank you Corona for standing by your product and providing a no hassle warranty . For once , a lifetime warranty actually means it ! I will definitely buy another pair of Corona 's .
 Bought these wind chimes for a Christmas gift for my mother who is a big Radiators fan . . She loved them . . It would probably take a strong wind to produce noise but they are still awesome !!
 This was a lovely addition to my fathers garden . It has a soft tinkle to it , and complimented his bass rain gauge . As a fisherman , dad loved it . I definitely recommend this company and this product .
 Arrived quickly and we found they were very easy to put on the lawn mower . Pretty basic and easy - just as they should be .
 Item arrived quickly and as promised . We 're now able to get a little more life from our OLD lawnmower .
 Excellent product . Powerful , cuts through wide logs with a minimum of effort making quick work of large trees .
 Prior to purchasing this saw I read all of the negative reviews which seemed to focus on problems starting the engine . I decided to take a shot , and although the saw was difficult to start , I was able to get it started each time I needed to use the saw . On one particular occasion , the saw was impossible to start until I reset the chain brake , and `` voila '' , it turned over immediately . I wonder if this relatively simple fix , is something that has plagued others.Most importantly , the saw kept up with my buddies 16-inch Stihl , as I took down several trees in my yard . For the homeowner who needs an occasional chainsaw , this baby does the trick . I deducted one star , because it is not the easiest machine to start .
 This is a great little saw for the homeowner . It 's got adequate power and bar size for all but the largest jobs . I had an ancient one of these that I have used for several years -LRB- I got it for free -RRB- but finally decided to replace it with a new one and I 'm very pleased with this one . It started and ran right out of the box , though I did have to increase the idle slightly -LRB- a very minor adjustment -RRB- to keep it from dying when the throttle was released . Overall , it seems sturdy and dependable , works great !
 I 'm not too experienced with chain saws . This one performs well if not a little heavy for extended use . But it does have one huge flaw which I credit to bad engineering . The gasoline cap which is male is supposed to fit into female threads that are part of the saw body . Problem is the plastic gas cap swells and it takes channel lock pliers to remove it and you ca n't replace it . Poulan customer service says and I quote `` Put the cap in the sun for 2 hours . '' Bull ! I can put it in the freezer for a couple of hours and the cap struggles back into place . But that means my chain saw is good for one tank of gas , then a long break.Poulan ought to supply each new saw with multiple gas caps so the saw can operate for more than a tank of gas .
 Let me start by saying that the Poulon chainsaw I am writing about is about 10 years old -- but it is the same make/model as the one shown here . For an inexpensive chainsaw I ca n't complain about the performance , ease of use , and reliability of this chainsaw . Although I have little basis for comparison because I have not owned many chainsaws , it has performed and exceeded my expectations in all departments.I am not known for taking excellent care of my home/garden tools and equipment . This chainsaw has endured neglect and abuse yet has never caused any problems . It starts reliably in cold or warm weather on the third pull every time ; it never has been adjusted , and never has been cleaned other than a basic wipe-down . In fact , the only thing I 've done to it is replace chains over the years ; it still has the original bar . This saw has tackled some serious tree-cutting projects far in excess of what it was designed for.If I had a complaint , it would be in the gas cap and bar oil cap . They both are difficult to open , especially the bar oil cap . I have to use pliers to get it open , which is a pain . That aside , I do wish I had opted for a slightly larger saw/bar . The 16 '' is fine for most things but I think the 18 '' would have been better for some of the projects I need it for.Some of the more recent reviews here look horrible so I ca n't say whether quality has changed , but by external appearances , the saw looks almost identical to the one I have . Which is a shame because the gas cap and bar oil cap look the same as mine .
 I have a little 14 '' Poulan which gets heavy use on my property . It always starts right up . I 've dropped about 35 trees with it and cut them into log size for our woodstove . Diameter from 9 '' to 24 '' . It 's been a work horse for me these last 2 years and I 'm now replacing the clutch & a bar guide bolt and nut . Decide to buy a 2nd saw and ordered the 16 '' Poulan after reading the reviews listed here . Ordered it on Sunday May 1st and it hit my driveway on Wed. . May 3rd . Good job Amazon . Was a little curious if it would start with difficulty , which some people seemed to have . I followed the instructions to a Tee . Full choke , on/off switch in the on position -LRB- goes to on position when you pull the choke out -RRB- , pressed the primer 6 times per instructions , pulled the cord 5 times about 12-15 '' , 1/2 choke and it started with the 1st pull . Sweet !!! I did notice that this 16 '' chain takes a bigger bite out of the wood which you can feel while cutting . It wants to buck some somewhat . Make sure you maintain a good grip on the saw . And mine came with the traditional guidebar adjusting screw , so not sure what some of the comments about a self adjusting system is about.A GREAT saw for $ 130 . And not a `` throw away '' as some have said . Easy to service . The average homeowner with a few acres does n't need to spend more than this.Ok . . I 've had the saw for a few days now and have found that it starts easy and runs strong . Was out cutting logs -LRB- 5 '' to 12 '' Diameter -RRB- this morning and had no issues . On a side note ... I was in WalMart yesterday and they have the Poulan Pro 16 '' saw for $ 122.00 . It 's only an $ 8.00 difference so I 'm still fine with buying this thru Amazon .
 Poulan P3416 16-Inch 34cc 2-Cycle Gas Powered Chain SawI had a faulty chain break and the saw froze after 2 uses . Poulan honored their warranty and replaced the saw . Once you get the idea of starting up , it is a good saw for the money .
 Got this about a month ago . Used it to cut and cleanup some smaller , dying trees on my property . I also have been using it to cut some firewood . My neighbor owns forested land , and we 've been cutting ash for firewood . No problems with the saw . It starts well and cuts well . Since firewood is selling for $ 250 - $ 300 a cord in the Northeast , this saw has already paid for itself . We 've cut one cord already and hope to do another cord before the snow flies . Came quickly from Amazon , and it was fully assembled . The only thing I 'm missing now is some sort of blade guard or case for storage . I did n't do 5 stars just because I have to see how long this saw lasts .
 Despite not having the carburetor adjusting tool to set the carb for an altitude of around 9,000 feet elevation above sea level , I have been able to fell a 15 inch diameter pine tree with this saw.Unfortunately , most new chainsaws are built with `` tamper proof , '' carburetor adjustment screws . The 3416 requires a special factory tool to adjust the low and high speed air fuel mixture if you use the saw at high altitude . You will probably need to order the adjusting tool from the internet - It is highly unlikely to be available locally . You might acquire tendonitis or chainsaw elbow continually restarting a chainsaw which will not idle . It apparently runs well , at lower altude , without any carburetor adjustment.The chain which came in the box with the saw was incredibly dull , before I sharpened it . I still wonder if it was a used chain.I also read a more aggressive chain with more cutting teeth is available for the 3416 . If you have good safe procedures and technique , antikickback chains are not necessary and you can use sharper professional chains.I am interested in seeing how the Poulan Pro will perform with a carburetor adjustment and a more aggresive cutting chain.The newer CARB/EPA compliant model did not have the plastic tooless chain tensioner , which so many reviewers have complained about . Exhaust smoke and engine noise were much lower than other chainsaws I have used , in this price range . Most vibration from the engine is eliminated by the vibration dampening features in the handles.The 3416 does apparently leak some chain oil , when it is stored laying down . A partial workaround for bar oil leakage might be using more expensive canola based chainsaw bar oils , which can be ordered , on the internet . Due to some apparent leakage , I recommend that the Poulan Pro be transported in a leakproof plastic or metal container , ouside passenger areas of vehicles . It might be possible to store the 3416 vertically in a chainsaw case to stop bar oil leakage during storage.It would be nice to have a manual chain oiler , to reduce contamination from excess chain oil spraying , during operation , but using canola based chainsaw bar oil should make cleanup easier and reduce any risk of oil stains.Most veteran chainsaw operators recommend making an extra effort to purchase gasoline with less than 10 percent ethanol , to reduce the possibility of carburetor gasket damage.Some of the negative reviews of the Poulan Pro appear to have been written by inexperienced novices , who do not understand how to sharpen or tension chainsaw chains or follow simple fuel and oil mixing instructions for two cycle engines . No 2 cycle chainsaw will cut well for long without correctly mixed engine oil/fuel mixture , and a sharp , correctly tensioned chain.Many Americans live where a small , lightweight chainsaw could be valuable after a forest fire , tornado , hurricane or ice storm strikes . The Poulan Pro 3416 is a lightweight , inexpensive chainsaw adequate for cleanup , after most severe storms.This would be a great first chainsaw , if you have never used chainsaws and the 3416 is also handy as a second or only chainsaw . Fuel and oil consumption were surprisingly low , and this saw would be very handy for situations like clearing deadfalls on trails where long hikes are required . I believe with a correctly adjusted carburetor and professional chain , the 3416 would perform better and give the saw 4 stars , although it does appear to leak some chain oil.Steven Sponaugle
 I 've owned , perhaps , seven of these little machines over the past 25 years , or similar 16 '' Poulan models . The life of any saw is a difficult one where we use them . They travel in boats along coastal waters - saltwater . They ride on sleds or snowmobile racks . Without even running , they see plenty of abuse . Then we expect them to start when it 's -20 F - and they do . While the bigger machines are awfully nice for many chores , I prefer these small saws when it comes to most of what we do . We gather logs , sometimes still floating in the sea after being spit out of rivers such as the Yukon . To do so requires boats which have the power to pull . But even with adequate power , large logs are slow and fuel consuming when they still have the root ball attached . So we cut the stump off . Of course that means saltwater all over everything . That is no place for a $ 400 saw . But these little Poulans do the work without a hitch . And ruining chains and bars is less expense on these when the beached driftwood we also sometimes gather blunts and wears the teeth and bar with the sand and rocks they are imbedded with.Six years ago we began to build a cabin from driftwood logs . The cabin was constructed from three-sided logs , ripped down the middle and edged . The flat sets toward the inside , the logs nest atop each other on their edges . I expected to do the work with my old Stihl 036 . Two logs into the process , the Stihl died . I grabbed the little 34 cc Poulan , knowing it would n't last , and proceeded . After two summers , the last log was set in place , the roof was completed , and the door was hung , the little Poulan still ran.Regardless where you buy them , they are a great deal , and good little machine regardless the price . While I would n't expect every one of these saws to last as well as the one related above , based on what I have seen with other specimens , most will last about as well .
 I 've used a 2150 -LRB- 10-yr-old precursor -RRB- hard , cutting and ripping tens of cords of stove wood . Needed only the odd cleaning and sharpening ; piston and cylinder bore still look great ; still has original bar & chain.In spite of all the external plastic pieces , it 's proven to be very durable and capable of working all day on a few fillups ; possibly the plastic tank helps avoid fuel heating . Relatively low vibration and noise level ; hearing protection still advised . The combination of factors -LRB- weight , noise , vibration , fuel capacity -RRB- enable me to get more cutting done in a day than with its `` big brother '' 3400 . THE PROBLEM
 This chainsaw is awesome!I have n't had a chance to use it on wood yet , but I tried it out and it starts right up ! Poulan is a good brand and I know it will work great when I actually get to use it . This seller had this 16 inch chainsaw for sale for less than I could get a 14 inch one from walmart , and I work there and get a 10 percent discount ! Also , the chainsaw came in about two weeks before the estimated delivery date ! I would highly reccomend this product , and this seller !
 I 've owned one of these -LRB- or the equivalent -RRB- for nearly ten years , and it still starts without crazy amounts of maintenance . It 's not very powerful , given the size , but it 's more than I could expect for the price -LRB- I bought a Stihl a few years ago and learned what I 'm missing -RRB- . But it passed the ultimate test , severing a thigh through pants without clogging the mechanism , so I 'm happy .
 Works as advertised . They ship this in the manufactures box . It arrives in the same box you 'd get in the store and luckily mine survived the UPS trip.The chainsaw DOES NOT come with everything you need to use it out of the box . You will NEED to purchase `` bar and chain '' oil . I got a gallon from wal-mart . I got home and mixed some gas up , added the bar oil and gave a it try . A couple of pulls on full choke , then two more pulls on half choke and it started right up . You need to let it warm-up , about a minute worked for me . After the warm-up period this thing runs like a champ.As for actually cutting down trees ... Well this is no Husqvarna or Stihl but it 'll still dropped some trees . I cut down about 15 trees varying from 6 inches to about 30 inches . I noticed hardwood trees would cause the saw to bog down quite a bit , but it still got the job done . As for softwood trees this thing ate right through them . I ran through two tanks of gas and about the same amount in bar oil . The chain tensioner is manual and I had to adjust the tightness three times through out the day . So before walking off into the woods make sure you bring the tool for it.Overall nice little chainsaw for the price . No extra features like more expensive saws , but it gets the job done . I 'll see how it last over the long run before I give it final judgement .
 I purchased the Poulan P3416 16-Inch 34cc 2 cycles Gas powered chainsaw about a month ago . So far it has performed well . I have not used it continuously for more than two hours . I still do n't know how durable it will be but I will find out.I am hoping that it will provide me with many years of service . I do n't abuse my tools and I always provide good maintenance to them , so I think that it will last me for a while.Make sure that you read all the instructions . Especially the starting instructions for this chain saw otherwise you will have a hard time starting it.Fcoram72
 Jim loves it . It replaces the Poulan 16 '' saw that he used for twelve years . It 's familiar and IT WORKS .
 saw works fine , easy start , light weight.bar oil reservoir leaks at the cap oring all in all , good occasional use saw.Could use bucking teeth .
 Nice little saw for the price . Easy to handle and use . Great for general home and yard use . Not a good choice for the big jobs , but very useful for general casual use by the average homeowner . Was a bit hard to get started the very first time , but after that there did n't seem to be much problem . Have used various chain saws over the last forty years from Alaska to Puerto Rico and this one does the job I bought it for . If you want to do some serious cutting , look for something bigger . Otherwise , you 'll probably be satisfied with one of these .
 This chainsaw has worked out well for us on our Avocado ranch . We bought 5 of them and let abusive employees use them on and off for about 5 years . We 're down to three that still run . You can buy a replacement bar and a few chains for them and the engines will run for quite a while . After the engine goes , just toss them . We used to have an expensive Stihl which lasted even less time and then would have cost $ 250 to rebuild . We just threw it away and started using disposables . If you 're not going to use it for a while , drain all the gas out or you 'll be sorry .
 It 's a Poulan . It has a powerful , but compact 34cc engine that did n't complain too much starting for the first time in 28 degree -LRB- F -RRB- weather . The instructions for starting the chainsaw are in pictures by the handle . The instruction manual was a little more technical , but cold starts are a snap . You pull the handle five times , then pump the little primer bulb 6 times , then pull till it starts.It 's got an Anti-vibration handle on it that really makes for comfortable operation of the saw . It is small , but you can feel its 11.8 pound mass after welding it for a couple of hours . The vibration is very low . The `` sweet spot '' on the cutting chain is right where you 'd expect it to be . It is noisy , so wear ear plugs . The operation of the saw is cleaner than I expected . It directed saw dust away from me , but some dust did accumulate in the area where automatic chain oiler works - not an excessive amount , but it was noticeable . You definitely want to wear eye protection when using this or any saw . The instruction manual spends a lot of time discussing kickback . If you are careful and pay attention to your technique , you can minimize kickback and other problems . There is an inertia activated chain brake on the saw just in case though.This saw is small and inexpensive . It 's got plenty of power too . It fits well with the type of work that I need it for . I cleared the very large Bradford Pear tree in my front yard that was split open by an ice storm in just an hour and a half.Highly recommend it for odd jobs and occasional work . Mine came with a one Year Guarantee too . The Poulan Chainsaw is Made in the USA .
 Still own one of these saws , bought back when it was called a `` Woodsman '' , nearly ten years ago . Have cut I do n't know how many large trees down -LRB- some I had to walk around with it -RRB- since we moved to the country , and had many Live Oaks that developed oak wilt . Not light duty work , I 've worked the heck out of it , cutting those large trees all the way to firewood . Still running , still strong . Have replaced the bar twice , the chain three times . Used it yesterday and it was leaking chain oil . Took it apart and cleaned it , think I fixed it . Will find out later today . If I did n't , I 'm glad to find that I can buy another one like it right here on Amazon.Wouldn ' t consider buying another brand , after the success I 've had with this one .
 I 'm a 65-year-old woman , with some but not a lot of chainsaw experience previously . But I need to trim my trees and cut logs to size for my fireplace . This baby is excellent ! I am able to handle it safely and with confidence , it starts every time if you follow the instructions properly , and it cuts my wood , including ohia logs -LRB- among the world 's hardest woods -RRB- as much as 6-8 inches in diameter ! -LRB- Really appreciated the logging tips included in the chain saw 's operation booklet ! -RRB- And Amazon got it to me with FREE shipping within days -LRB- less than a week -RRB- which is pret-tee good when you realize I live on an island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean !!!
 First , this saw has NEVER started on the first , second or even third pull . For $ 100 , I was n't expecting it to do so . However , it does start and eventually runs fine . They 're stretching the engine a bit with the 16in bar . As well , the stock Poulan bar is too flimsy . Nonetheless , I 've ran it now for 2 years for light/med duty on my 25acre homestead . Maintenance wise it 's been a breeze and well worth the $ 100 I put into it.Now here 's the best part for me . After finally wearing out my 2nd chain for this bar ... it was time to also replace the bar . Instead of another 16in Poulan bar , I purchased a 14in Oregon bar/chain package for $ 33 . With this shorter/stronger bar and chain better matched to the engine size ... this chainsaw is easily 100 % better than new . It 's speed and ease of cutting is phenomenal . I use it to take down birch and smaller pine and limbing larger trees that I fell.In fact , I 'm so enamored with this new setup , I 'm now looking for a deal on a new/slightly-used Poulan Pro 4620 that I can do the same by matching to a smaller 18in Oregon bar , as my med/heavy duty saw .
 This is my fifth chainsaw and has immediately become my favorite . The 16 '' bar is less than half the length of the bar of my Stihl 650 . But unless I 'm cutting down forest giants , I prefer to use the Poulan P3416 . It cuts surprisingly fast , it weighs a whole lot less than the 650 , it has excellent fuel capacity , and it is very sturdy . It 's also the least noisy of all my saws , due in part to the fact that the exhaust exits the front of the saw.Six pick-up loads of firewood later it 's still cutting like a champ without so much as a touch-up to the chain . -LRB- I should mention that the auto-oiler works very well , yet bar oil does n't leak all over the place like it does with the Stihl . -RRB- I highly recommend this saw . At this price , buy two ! I rather think I will .
 This is the first and only chainsaw I 've ever owned . I bought it in 1999 , I believe from Home Depot when they still sold Poulan in San Diego . I used it for clearing an easement that was heavily overgrown with sucker trees , and for lots of tree trimming and clearing of downed branches.I 've run through 2 blades , so it has n't been VERY heavily used , but for the average homeowner I ca n't imagine you needing anything more than this saw . For the money , it 's a bargain . Definitely drain it for storage as others have mentioned . I 'm currently in the process of hunting down replacement fuel line , as it has crumbled after a few years of improper storage . I had to fully dissasemble and clean the carb and the rest of the unit , but it still works -LRB- well , it did last summer so I 'm sure it will still run with the new lines installed -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 Do n't have much experience but it 's doing everything I wanted it to do . It 's light and easy to use .
 I love it . I had never used chainsaw in my life . I thought it was a bit heavy at first . . But I am getting used to it . It starts easy and has tremendous power . I would recommend it . The price is right .
 I bought this chainsaw years ago . Since then I have not maintained it , treat it like crap , leave it in the rain , drop it form trees , cut into earth all the time , run dry on bar oil , basically show it now respect or intent of any form of care . IT NEVER STOPS . This thing has has paid for itself many times over . After sitting outside all winter -LRB- in a case -RRB- , the prime was shot but it does n't even care , a few priming pulls and more trees come down . I thought about buying a little bigger one but not until this one officially dies . That could be quite awhile.I have never even changed the plug . This saw is fantastic .
 I purchased this chain saw as I needed something a bit more than the electric chain saw I had been using for 2 years . I was looking for something that was not so heavy I could not lift and use safely . My main intent was to use for multi-purpose gardening chores rather than cutting down trees . This saw is indeed lightweight , has plenty of power for my needs and cuts efficiently . The one drawback to this saw is the starting procedure . There is a supposed slot under the hand hold for putting in the toe of your shoe to stabilize the saw on the ground while pulling the cord . The shoe slot is not big enough while wearing the proper footwear and my shoe constantly slips out of the hold ruining the pull cord motion . It is a real pain since you must use downward body weight on the handle hold in order to get a complete and proper cord pull for starting . If you do not get it right , the cord will yank your shoulder something fierce . I am no `` shrieking voilet '' either but someone who has back problems , shoulder issues or has big feet should consider an easier starting saw . Otherwise it is a good deal for the money .
 Updated 4/17/2008 after 1.5 months of actual use : After years of very costly and sometimes frustrating lawn service experiences , I decided I would start doing my lawn again after 17 years . However , I wanted to spend as little time as possible in the process , and started looking for a ZTR to conserve time.I received the Swisher ZTR2660B model in January . It is difficult to comprehend it is not a true ` commercial class ' mower . Yes , the engine is a B&S ; ELS series and the deck is 11 gauge vs the 7 gauge -LRB- or better -RRB- decks out there , but it is a comparatively minor trade off for the homeowner who maintains his/her equipment . I definitely will , and expect this mower will last quite some time . Some may say the above features cheapen the unit , but when the + / - $ 4k cost is compared to the $ 7-8 .5 K for similarly equipped commercial units , it makes a compelling argument to give it a try . That said , I ca n't complain.Setup was quite easy . After un-crating the mower , just connect the hand bars , connect the battery , check the oil -LRB- it was in there -RRB- and add the fuel -LRB- be sure to open the fuel valves on each tank -RRB- . It then roars to life ! If you are unfamiliar with a ZTR -LRB- I was -RRB- , it takes some practice , but once that 's behind you , the lawn cutting process will take far less time.The unit is very substantial in every way . The Eaton hydros work well -LRB- though a bit twitchy -RRB- and the speed is more than adequate . The frame is heavy -LRB- the unit is 910 lbs -RRB- and the construction is quite good . The deck is ` massive ' and makes light work out of a large mowing assignment . The 11 gauge metal does not present issues regarding durability since it is fabricated and far better than stamped decks . At this price point it is superior . The manual deck lift works well and is very easy to adjust.The retailer bent over backwards to satisfy me on this transaction . My unit 's battery failed immediately but was replaced without any hassle . A second battery then failed attributed to a bad voltage regulator / rectifier . They repaired it all with a smile - and quickly.The unit is very powerful and creates a huge draft under the deck . The mower tracks straight as an arrow . Cut quality is very good -LRB- and even -RRB- and the mower is capable of very precise movements once you get the ` hang of it ' . My 1.25 acre property has many trees and is still completed in around 40 minutes.I have hooked up a Cyclone Rake system to this ZTR . I worried that the rear ` bumper ' could not handle the torsional stresses involved in a ` non pivoting ' hitch setup but have not had any issues to date . The combined strengths of each unit cuts and vacuums the property very effectively . However , using this configuration requires a fair amount of engine power . The Swisher easily delivers on this . In fact , the combined length of the configuration is 12ft , and the total weight -LRB- when the ` Rake ' hopper is loaded -RRB- approaches 1500-1550 lbs . -LRB- 910 for the ZTR unit - 600 in ` Rake ' hardware and grass/leaf debris . Aside from it feeling a bit unwieldy , the mower handles the stresses involved and never bogs down.The overall feedback of other Swisher owners is good . I intentionally made contact with a local Swisher repair service and he confirmed they rarely have issues . Of note , he said the Gator blades do a thorough job provided the grass is not too long . If it is , he recommends doing multiple passes on the lawn surface -LRB- lowering the deck each time -RRB- to avert any clumping . I also made contact with Swisher customer service two times and they answered calls quickly and were informed and responsive . My experience with them I 'd rate an ` A ' . I have since bought a second set of blades and drive belt . The cost was reasonable and the materials were received quickly.Drawbacks - Though an excellent product , its not perfect . I found a few things to point out :1 -RRB- The control bars do not meet when operating , and therefore two hand operation is a must , even in straightaways . That means one will have a tricky time moving low hanging branches out of the way or taking a sip of something from time to time without a full stop .2 -RRB- The battery placement is difficult to get to , but is accessible if you lay on the ground . Surprisingly , there is a tray under the operators seat which appears to be designed to hold the battery . It would be a far better placement to simplify operator access when necessary . I may configure the machine with a second battery since I now have a backup . I recommend setting up a trickle charge circuit as is done with motorcycles to assure battery health in periods of non-use .3 -RRB- Oil changes require the use of a plastic tube -LRB- supplied - but a bit short -RRB- to drain the crankcase . It 's difficult to access and Swisher should have placed a drain whole in the engine cradle so the oils could drain vertically instead of horizontally . It 's an ineffective setup .4 -RRB- The tires are good but I have found them to easily slip on soft ground which then places ruts on the lawn surface . One needs to be careful to avoid this since it can make a real mess of things .5 -RRB- The flat paint tends to collect far more dust than a gloss painted surface .6 -RRB- The lack of a cup holder is more an annoyance than anything else.The real test is durability and reliability and though I am optimistic all will go well , I have no crystal ball . Therefore I have a 3 year service contract . I tend to cover my bets but think it may be a waste of money in this case . Seeing how my -LRB- former -RRB- lawn service charges were about to spiral to $ 8000 a year , I am content that this purchase will pay for itself before the 2009 New Year arrives ! If all goes as planned I 'll spend the saved $ 4k on a vacation at that point .
 I OWN A SMALL LANDSCAPING BUSINESS AND I HAVE ALWAYS USED CUB-CADET MOWERS UNTIL I RESEARCHED THE SWISHER Z-MAX . THIS IS A COMMERCIAL QUALITY MACHINE FOR HALF THE PRICE OF OTHER BRAND NAME COMMERCIAL MOWERS.I FIRST SAW THIS MOWER AT MY TRACTOR SUPPLY STORE AND I WAS SO MUCH IMPRESSED W / THE QUALITY I KNEW I HAD TO TRY ONE W / MY BUSINESS . WELL THAT WAS 2 YEARS AGO AND I HAVE HAD NO MAJOR REPAIRS.THIS MOWER IS TOUGH AS WELL AS HEAVY -LRB- 910 LBS -RRB- . I WENT BACK -LRB- LAST MONTH -RRB- TO THE TRACTOR STORE TO PURCHASE ANOTHER ONE BUT IT WAS NOT IN STOCK . THEN I DID AN ONLINE SEARCH AND FOUND THIS ONE , MODEL ZT2660B , ON SALE THROUGH AMAZON AND PURCHASED IT RIGHT AWAY . IT ARRIVED TODAY IN A CRATE AND MY EMPLOYEE UN-CRATED IT AND PUT THE HANDLES ON IT IN LESS THAN 20 MINUTES.THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAVE IS W / DELIVERY . THE DELIVERY TRUCKS LIFT GATE WAS TOO SMALL FOR THE CRATE AND THE MOWER HAD TO BE UN-CRATED ON THE TRUCK . WITH THAT SAID ALL WAS GOOD ... I POURED 4 GALLONS OF GAS INTO BOTH TANKS AND IT STARTED UP RIGHT AWAY . BEST OF ALL IT IS BUILT IN THE USA . I AGREE W / THE OTHER REVIEWERS ... 5 STARS ALL THE WAY . + + + UPDATE -- 7/3/09 -- NO PROBLEMS AT ALL !
 I usually pay more for quality , but as a homeowner , riding 2-3 hours a week , mowing 3-4 acres per week , this mower just made good sense vs. paying twice as much to do the same job . I think it was a smart choice . If you are going to ride a mower all day long , cut more than 5 or 6 acres once a week , or tire out easily , get a commercial grade mower , they run better longer , and do n't wear out the driver as quickly , due to better hydraulics and better responsiveness overall . I 've used both , there is a clear difference.Two minor annoyances , one , the throttle tends to vibrate lower as you mow , causing you to have to throttle up occasionally , or wedge something in there . Two , nowhere to put anything . No trays or holders of any kind whatsoever . Minor issue , but annoying no less . However , still the best value in a residential , light to medium use , ZTR mower , but definitely NOT a mower for very heavy or commercial use .2 YEAR UPDATE
 I 've put 30 hours on mine so far and wow ! I bought mine from Sears last year but only after trying a Craftman 50 '' zero turn . The craftsman was not what I thought it would be and returned it ... but the Swisher has lots more quality and thought put into it . . The exta money spent is well worth it .
 I bought my ZTM last year . I picked up mine at a Tractor supply store and it was assembled and ready to go . It 's differnt than driving a regular mower but easily mastered the first time you mow . It does a great job and is solidly built . I own a cub cadet -LRB- 1045 -RRB- that will be three years old this year and have had three issues with it and no help from the factory -LRB- if the cub is under warrenty why do I get to pay -RRB- . So I needed somthing to mow the lawn and went with this machine . I called swisher first and asked about the spec 's and they were very helpful . I mow three acres with it and it 's fast . The only problem I have is two of my neighbors tried it and one keeps calling to voluneer to mow my lawn , and yes it is fun to ride . Check it out you wo n't be disappointed , TSC has days where they let you try the machine at there place , well worth looking into .
 I bought this mower after owning a Poulan 25HP , 48 '' Deck mower . This zero turn cut my time from 2-1/2 hours to 1-1/4 . This machine is great . I now mow at 5-6 MPH . I live on 2-1/2 acreas with lots of trees . Since buying this mower my trim push mower has not been used . Watch out when your are going down hill . If you go too fast you will lose control and run into anything in the way . This thing also cuts the lawn like a golf course . My neighbor owns a golf course and made that comment to me.Buy this thing !
 This product is a heavy duty power mower and is excellent for heavy and light grass mowing . The mulching blades tend to compact the mulch under the mower if it is at all wet . to eleviate this I bought some straight blades and that helps with the problem . wonderful warranty program , no hassle , they understand most problems and get any parts to you fast . Swisher makes a heavy duty quality machine .
 I purchased my mower from sears 11/2 years ago . I have 105 hrs . Changing the oil is a pita . I had to adjust drives a couple of times to get them to pull correctly . You must check and tighten all bolts every oil change . They say every 100 hrs but I do it at 50 . The bearings on the blade hubs are cheap as all mowers . When replacing the bearings use american made . Theirs are from china . If you mow in sand no blades work well . I have bahia & sand so gators are needed . I also needed belts at 75 hrs . I kept them adjusted . The rollers fell off due to the grade two carraige bolts used on the front side rollers . Before you loose the rollers change the 4 carraige bolts to grade 5 or 8 bolts . Other than that it has been a good mower especially for the cost . Parts are hard to get here though . I can only buy blades from one dealer 35 miles away as the belts . Rollers were purchased from swisher . They have been very professional when I have talked to them and asked questions .
 Great product . Caught many spiders !! I will continue to use this product for sure ! I would recommend this spider trap to anyone who has problems with insects .
 I was a little dubious about this product but prefer using non-chemicals in and around the house and on my aging `` pet-children '' . I can not say how many fleas that I have actually caught but I can say with all certainty this flea trap has trapped ants , mosquitos , baby roaches , and other small tropical pests -LRB- flying and otherwise -RRB- . I am ordering more refills today .
 We have one cat and carpeting through most of the house , only a mild flea problem but after seeing one crawling on of the face of our infant we purchashed the Biocare flea trap from a local hardware store . I try to move it to a different spot each night . The first night it caught three fleas , in the first four nights it has captured twenty-four of them . Considering our low infestation I think this device is doing a good job . My only complaint is the plastic grid that covers the sticky pad does not snap into place on our unit , it just kind of sets there . I use three rubber bands to hold the cover in place and place the device out of reach of our toddler during the day , do n't want little hands in that sticky mess .
 I heard from a patron of my local library that this flea trap was a good alternative to foggers , sprays , etc. .
 I had seen a few really bad reviews on this product and was hesitant to buy it ... but , was on the verge of starting a full on assault on my flea problem so figured what the heck , I 'll get some . I got 4 traps , one for each ` carpeted room ' . Started with putting one in our family/TV room , and after just one night had 10-15 fleas . Put one under my computer desk as I am constantly having fleas jump on my legs the next night ... 3 days later , there must be about 30 or 40 fleas in there . My 2 year old is away at the moment , join up with her and her mom on vacation in a couple weeks time -LRB- YAY -RRB- so I put one in her room last night , and it already has a half dozen fleas or so . If you have a REALLY bad flea problem , I ca n't see where you can go wrong with this product . If it is a light infestation , you may end up with some of the results of the negative reviewers . In the meantime , getting the yard sprayed , got the Frontline on the cats . spraying the carpets with flea spray , doing about all I can to get rid of them as much as possible before we all return from vacation . Dang fleas !!
 My sister and I use this product to catch unwanted bugs in the house/garage . We take the screen out that you would use for catching fleas and get all those little pesky bugs caught toxic free . No chemicals . Works fantastic , we love it !
 This flea trap is exactly what I expected it to be . It is a pesticide free solution to the fleas introduced to my home by a feral cat who entered through a chimney . The trap works so well that after a day no more fleas jumped on me as I walked through the room . An additional advantage is the refill pads fit my old hartz flea traps . I have traps in 4 major areas of my home to irradicate all the pests that might have spread on our clothing . I like that .
 I had a mild problem with fleas and purchased BioCare flea trap and within 2 hours I was catching fleas . It 's safe around your pet and the light makes an excellant night light . I would encourage you to get the product if you have this situation . IT WORKS !!
 I received this product 2 days ago . The vet found `` a few '' fleas on my cat and treated him with a product that would kill any fleas that go onto the cat , but told me I probably had them in my house too . I ordered 2 of these traps , one for the basement and one for the living room , which is where my cats spend most of their time . I could not believe the amount of fleas the trap in the basement caught . The one upstairs caught a few , but the problem must of been worse in the basement because the trap down there caught about 20 of them the first night . This product is amazing and I would highly recommend it to anyone with a flea problem who does n't want to spray pesticides in their home .
 This thing attracts fleas and works very well . The fleas get stuck and ca n't get away . I do n't know where those things came from or how they got so numerous , but this product helped me in a desperate war against some very pesky and chemical resistant critters . I tried everything to get rid of them so I am not sure what finally did the trick , but I could see results with this flea trap . I probably should have had 10 of them .
 I 'm surprised that such a simple idea can be so effective , but it really works . Since I got this about 3 weeks ago , I have n't noticed any flea problems , and this is the worst time of year for it . I will have to figure out how to change the sticky paper at some point !
 Fleas are attracted so light , warmth and vibration . Those are the things that make them hatch , which is a good thing , because , unlike an egg , a hatched flea does not live very long ; so if you are frantically de-fleaing your house and garden right now , make sure you wake them all up first.The device is simply a combination of light , warmth and a trap . Not even vibration . . hmm . Back when I had an infestation , it did work , until it filled the trap completely with fleas . At that point , I tried to replace the sticker with industrial strength synthetic plastic labels -LRB- the kind they put on meat packaging and such -RRB- ; that caught no fleas . So the secret is in the sticker.If I have an infestation again , I think I 'll just order their stickers and put them under lamps.Someone had suggested lamps pointed at soapy water-filled pans ; but I 'd feel hesitant to put that in a house with kids , because this seems like an electrocution hazard to me ; I may be wrong.Start by reading Wikipedia ; know your enemy . It has a wealth of information , and , if you understand the flea lifecycle , fighting it is fairly easy.It 's winter now ; if you are living in a colder winter climate , I think all you have to do is 1 -RRB- wake up the fleas ; 2 -RRB- turn off the heat and freeze them off . That 's a chemical-free option.There are tons of natural remedies to help . Borax worked wonders for us
 Have used two of these for over three years . Still working great . As other reviewers have said , do n't count on this as your only defense . I also found that plugging them in in late spring and leaving them on all summer into the fall works best as a preventive approach . I 'm using 4-Watt -LRB- nightlight -RRB- bulbs , and replace the sticky paper once per season . I had a small house -LRB- 700 sq ft -RRB- and thick carpeting and used two . Even with 3 cats and a large dog I would stay flea-free for the entire season . Now I moved to a house twice the size , I just ordered two more
 I almost never leave reviews but This trap works great !!! I have used those chemical bombs in my basement many times in the past few week , hardly killed any fleas . I used 2 different brands at twice the dosage . I removed all animals from this location and used sprays , carpet powders , mopping , vacuuming ... . everything!I did n't think a light was going to attract fleas , but it sure does . Just placed this trap an hour ago , got 20 fleas from one place !!! I am ordering more for better coverage , at this rate the fleas wo n't stand a chance!Bottom line buy this first , and save $ $ $ . You still will need to treat your pet , but this should really help with those around the house . I literally spent a hundred dollars on products that did nothing .
 I keep this on all the time ; it is a great nightlight but also good at trapping fleas . It is the environmental measuring stick I need to determine the effectiveness of my efforts and acts as my warning when another outbreak is occuring . Highly recommend this as an assist if fleas are a problem in your house .
 The flea trap works very well , it helps you to know if the products you are using are really working .
 Have used other flea traps for years . The springstar has a plastic grating over the sticky pad which prevents animals and other things from getting stuck on the pad . I 'm very pleased .
 Springstar S102 Flea Trap this works great !! i put one in every room and believe me if you have any fleas it will go to this lite and stick to the sticky paper . even when the fleas are gone , i leave it lit and if you have any type of bug , beetle , etc. it will go to the trap . this is a cheap great way to know if you have any pesty fleas , or tiny bugs in your house . great seller , fast shipping .
 This really is a big `` neat '' help in the WAR against fleas !!! When I see ALL the fleas caught on thevery sticky paper , I think of how many there could have been - if THEY kept multiplying and multiplying.I thought of the light and pan of water/soap but my animals might knock it over or drink it!This is the way to go , along with `` Revolution '' which I use instead of Front Line . MUCH more gentle to the animals . Have to get the OK from your Vet if buying on line , -LRB- prescription -RRB- but they are worth it ! SIMPLE to order !!
 Love this product . This one keeps the cats from stepping on or playing with the sticky paper . Only caught a few fleas , thats good news . Caught many fruit flies . That 's good news also . Will purchase another trap for my bedroom .
 We were having so much trouble with fleas on our dogs , we tried everything !!! Nothing helped , even the stuff from the vet and constant cleaning . I had never seen fleas this bad , my dogs had n't had any in 2 years and they were suffering . We finally went to the vet , got a new kind of pill and put these traps out to get the ones that set up home in the carpet and other places around the house . They worked perfectly we caught a lot of fleas ND THE MEDS Killed the others , we are now flea free !
 Just plug it in and let the flea killing begin ! It 's small , so you can place behind or under furniture . It 's light , so you can keep moving it around to find a good place to catch the fleas . Just set it and forget it : -RRB- I highly recommend this item ... it 's a no brainer .
 We have had quite a problem with fleas this past summer and we do use flea meds . We used a flea bomb in the house and it helps but I hate using all those chemicals . I read about the flea trap on Amazon so I thought I 'd give it a try . I bought this brand and another one and they both do the job . In no time , I had caught lots of fleas . I 'm noticing that my cats are n't scratching so much and my husband is n't getting bitten by the fleas . I do need to order more sticky paper so I would suggest buying extras in the begining . All in all , if you are a person that does n't like using chemicals all the time , i do recommend giving these flea traps a try .
 What a great product . Plug it in and just put it in the corner of a room . Its not even noticable ! And it gets all the fleas ! How great ! I would absolutely recommend this to anyone ! Even if you do n't have pets those little bugs can still get in and it works better then vaccumming everyday and you wo n't have the clean up of a flea bomb ! Love it : -RRB-
 I have been looking for something like this ever since Raid discontinued theirs several years ago . It works just fine , and it 's interesting to see what you 've `` caught '' every morning . The fact that replacement bulbs are easy to get is a big plus . Try it , you 'll be surprised .
 This is a great flea trap . It 's amazing how many bugs you have in your house and do n't know it . And I 'm so glad to not have to bomb my house with pesticides . I 've been recommending this to all my friends .
 Nothing is worse than fleas in the house . I had an outbreak of fleas , after a warm spell , absolutely a nightmare . I already had one flea trap but bought another , and just ordered my third . Not sure why they do n't carry these in stores.Highly recommend , much better than spraying poison all over the house . The only drawback is that use in the bedroom is a distraction when I 'm sleeping , but that 's a small price to pay for getting rid of the newly hatched fleas , and their parents!I plan to buy more if needed . You can buy sticky paper traps at many hardware or home improvement stores . These catch spiders and anything else that happens to crawl.Great invention , worth every penny .
 My flea control is two fold . First I have the exterminator come and spray , but not with the heavy stuff . I do n't want to have to remove my cat . She is old and spoiled . He uses something that is lighter . Then the flea lights do the rest . The fleas want some place to go , I guess . Fleas controlled . I find the lights are not enough alone , but this apporach does the trick .
 I use several methods to keep the fleas at bay , and this is just one of them . What I like about this product as opposed to others on the market is the plastic grid over the sticky paper . The product comes with a rubber band to secure the grid to the trap after placing the sticky paper inside . No , a rubber band does n't scream quality , but at least 1 -RRB- it works ; and 2 -RRB- it 's easier to replace than custom parts . The major con to the grid is that fleas must fall through the holes in order to get trapped . But for me , the grid is essential . See , the trap is warm . And my cats love to sleep on warm things . In fact , one of my cats spends half her day on top of the trap . This is a good thing , since the trap needs to be placed near where your pets frequent so the fleas jump off the pet and onto the trap . But sticky paper + long-haired kitty do n't mix , and I 'm thankful that when she leaves the trap the fleas are the only thing that get stuck . -LSB- As a side note
 We got this product two days ago and already trapped many fleas . We are ordering more to put in all rooms of the house .
 I was skeptical if this really works as it just have light and a sticky pad . But , within 24 hours , it got several trapped already + fruit flies ! I 'm searching for a flea solution without chemicals , and this definitely help to use a part of remedy for my dogs . I 'll order couple more to keep them at the place dogs tend to sleep .
 When one of my dogs passed , we had an abundance of fleas in the house all of a sudden . They were in every room and attacked you the moment you walked in the house - gross . We tried everything we could think of , chemical wise , and finally decided to give these traps a try . As soon as I plugged them in , there were fleas jumping on . Of course , I did n't pay attention to the fact that they were n't sticking because I had n't peeled off the adhesive cover -LRB- durr moment of the day -RRB- . Once I realized that , we were good to go . I put one in each room , including by the dog bed . The amount of fleas has been greatly reduced , but the yard is another matter ... We also turned them off while we went out of town for a week , and noticed more fleas when came back . We sprayed a chemical and plugged them back in , and the amount has reduced again . I 'd recommend giving these a try .
 Traps Fleas , its what it does ... We do not have any pets ... But a few of our neighbors do in neighboring Condos . This is the first summer within the past five years we 've been hit with their fleas.Initially the flea trap was set up near the patio sliding door for a couple days , then placed under the couch where the fleas started to migrate . -LRB- dark and warm -RRB- I made sure it was far enough back to keep out of reach from our 2.76 yr old son.I spot check the pad after 48hours , and it was 1/2 full . Again after a week , when I moved it under the couch , it was nearly 3/4 full.The simple design minimizes the chance for little fingers to get stuck to the pad . -LRB- Left Rubber Band around unit to keep prying hands from trying to pick up the plastic grid . In case our son figured a way to snag it -RRB- Unlike the Victor M230 Ultimate Flea Trap , where little hands can reach inside ... -LRB- Did not purchase the Victor , but know people who have it . -RRB- I 'm giving a rating of 5 . I believe product could be improved slightly by a snap-in cover -LRB- grid/opaque -RRB- over the light bulb . And product only came with one sticky pad . I would have gladly paid $ 1-2 more for additional pads to be included with the flea trap . -LRB- Although from a marketing/sales perception I know why they did n't . -RRB- C.
 Works on adult fleas not the ones on the dog/cat but the ones in the carpet/room . Anything to help is worth the money . I have several of these and they do attract fleas and other small bugs but you still need to put frontline on to get rid of the ones on your pet .
 My computer desk is in an area that is n't in the open so there 's a lot of places for fleas to hide , and with a few cats in the house that go near this area , I was getting bitten on the legs whenever I sat down at the desk . Treating the cats with Advantage reduced the problem on them , but did n't get rid of the fleas on the floor . After I put the flea trap in the desk area the pad was filling up ... IN ONLY A FEW DAYS ! And best thing for me is I was n't getting bitten on my legs when I sat at the desk . Now I changed the glue pad and here and there some get trapped , most did in the first few days . I 'm glad I got it.One comment , I saw on here placing duct tape under a lamp would do the same thing , I disagree ! The glue pad seems a bit stickier than duct tape , the night light is mounted under a cover so paper or debris ca n't fall on it and cause a fire , the glue pad has a grid cover on top of it so if paper or debris falls on it the grid will keep it from sticking , I imagine the light is mounted in the best position and distance from the pad to lure fleas in and the light is only a couple inches from the floor , close to where the fleas are . And it worked great for me .
 It traps not only fleas , but all kinds of bugs attracted to the light . and i do n't know about this product controlling heavy infestation . I have used this product , it did catch some fleas , but not all . yes , it does catch fleas , its just not a complete solution to fix a problem but it can assist . i have used foggers to solve my problem . If you have money , then buy this . if short on money , but some foggers at wal-mart .
 I had used a similar product some years back , and I loved it . But as time went on I could n't find it in the stores . I was delighted to see one like itfor sale on the internet . I ordered two traps with refills and intend toorder more . All I can say is they work ! On the day I received them , I planned to spray for fleas -LRB- I have a multi-cat household . -RRB- I have n'tsprayed to this day . New users be sure you remove the protective paper , ifyour brand has it , and make sure the sticky side is up -LRB- and plug it in ! -RRB- If you are not getting results , that may be why .
 I purchased both the Springstar S102 Flea Trap and the Victor M230 Ultimate Flea Trap in the same order , as there was about $ .50 difference between the two . To those people suggesting that it does n't work , they either do n't have fleas or do n't understand how the product works . The fleas are attracted to light and heat . So yes this product is a night light over a sticky pad . If you place the trap in a bright warm area you will not catch fleas ! I have central air so the house stays at 71 degrees and I keep the units on all night . My house has a moderate flea infestation despite using pesticide on the lawn , using Frontline , flea collars , regular flea baths , bombing the house , vacuuming with Borax , etc. . I rotated the Springstar and Victor traps to random positions throughout the house over a 7 day period . Both worked extremely well in my opinion . Each caught more than 40 fleas throughout the week . Now for the pros and cons for the Springstar . Pros :1 . Small footprint that can slide under furniture . 2 . Plastic screen to prevent accidental contact with the glue trap . 3 . It It catches fleas . 4 . Made in the USA . Cons 1 . Cheap plastic -LRB- If you step on it , it will crack . 2 . Plastic screen over glue trap falls off easily . -LRB- My dog stepped on the unit knocked the screen off and got stuck to the glue pad . 3 . Only comes with one glue pad . Overall I think this was a good purchase and would buy this product again . Like other reviewers mention , this is n't a complete solution to a flea problem but it does help .
 After battling fleas this summer and wanting to know if I had things under control , I purchased 2 flea traps , this one and the Victor one to see which was the better flea trap.The main difference between the 2 traps is the amount of open space for fleas to get trapped . The Victor trap has a large open space to catch more fleas , and this one has a smaller grid that traps less fleas . The trade off is , this trap is far more aesthetically pleasing . This trap hides the trapped fleas better under a grid piece , and kids and pets ca n't get to the sticky pad . With the Victor trap smaller children could easily reach inside , so again , something to keep in mind.Overall this trap is a good investment . I have had it set up for a little over a week now and have caught several adult fleas and lots of gnats . This is a cost effective way to see if you have your flea infestation under control while not using chemicals . Since adult fleas can emerge from pupas months after an infestation it 's far better to lure them to a trap to die then let them bite your animals.If you 're choosing between this and the Victor it boils down to a matter of personal preference . If you plan to leave the trap out for people to see , go with this one . It looks better and hides the trapped bugs . If you want a large , industrial type trap , go with the Victor . Both caught pretty good amounts of fleas and lots of gnats .
 This thing works awsome , I put one downstairs inside the front door by the cat dish and in 2 weeks I got 35 fleas on it , The one upstairs has a few but were not getting bites so I think the one by the door and the cat dish are taking care of the fleas ... definetly worth the money
 We got these as an extra hand in fighting a breakout of fleas . We just moved to a humid and hot state . . and never thought fleas were a big problem because we never , ever had a problem before . Anyways , these things work . We only caught maybe 10-15 fleas on them , between the two traps we had . This is probably because we had cleaned and bombed the house high and low , washed every piece of fabric , carpet , bathed the cats a few times , gave them flea treatment , etc. , etc. . So there were n't many fleas left to catch . We were delighted to see the few that we did catch though . The trap has helped trap many bugs including spiders and those little pincher bugs that we never imagined were in our house . It 's a great tool to have for not only fleas , but overall chemical free pest control -LRB- for the little bugs , unless you leave the cover off . -RRB- My only complaint is that the replacements can get expensive after a while . Otherwise , it 's a great invention !
 I recommend this flea trap without hesitation , if a direct application of Frontline is not possible . We have three wild cats living in my father-in-law 's basement . When we started noticing the cats scratching , we put three of these flea traps by their food and water . The traps are covered with fleas stuck to the pad . I just ordered 4 more traps . My nephew has a cat that is very allergic , and he is afraid to use Frontline . I have given him a trap , also.If you ca n't use Frontline for your pets , by all means use this flea trap !
 My original order was for three . The first night it was working the sticky paper was loaded with fleas . I ordered four more . This seems to be an especially bad year for fleas in southern California and even with the flea bombs and outside spraying and putting flea stuff on my dog and two cats the fleas have set up shop.The cats are inside cats.Finally something that works .
 It work very well , I had a time getting rid of the fleas in my home from my pets . Tis is a poison free way to get rid of fleas . I could n't find it in the stores . Thank you for the quick delivery .
 Product delivered promptly and works as promised . Our cats are fascinated by them and like to lay right by them which is great !
 This flea trap is fine . It works , the flea 's are there to see ; trapped on the sticky paper . It also acts as an ok night light.The flea trap I got blew its light bulb a week after I got it . I bought a packet of 4 replacement bulbs for $ 3 . All good.As part of a `` multi '' level assault on the flea 's this trap has its place .
 Bottom Line First
 It traps all small insects and their larva . It eliminated our flea problem after failed attempts of poison bombing and shop-vac 'n the basement daily . In days the flea trap was full and needed a new glue pad . A few days later the fleas were gone . We keep it plugged in 24/7 as preventative maintenance .
 Our recently adopted kitty came to us with fleas . Now we are treating 3 cats and 1 dog with Frontline . Although I have not seen any live fleas and am pristine with the daily vacuuming I do find flea dirt . I thought well , I will give this product a try and ordered 2 . Plugged them in last night and can not believe what I am seeing . Even on hardwood floors we seem to have more of those buggers then we thought we did . We actually saw them on the floor heading to the traps . I am fearful of sprays and bombs and that will be my last ditch effort if needed . Today I ordered 2 more of these traps and hope that we will be successful with the natural approach . I am very impressed with this product .
 I recently discovered I had fleas in my basement . I tried sprays , vacuuming , etc. without eliminating the problem . I bought one of these traps since I did not want to keep putting chemicals in my living space . While the fleas are not totally gone , yet , the trap is becoming loaded with fleas . I was impressed enough with this product that I bought another one to put in another basement room . That one is getting fleas left and right as well . The trap is very easy to set up and has a nice grilled covering so as to prevent larger insects from getting stuck and taking up space on the sticky film that needs to be reserved for fleas . One word of note
 I figured this would be a waste of my money , but I was pretty desperate to control the fleas , so I decided to give it a shot ; and I was pleasantly surprised . I do n't think it could have wiped out all the fleas in my house by itself , but it was definitely a big help . Whenever I looked at the sticky pad , I was surprised to see how many of those little beasties were stuck there . Anyhow , with the help of Siphotrol II , and this little flea trap , my house is now flea free .
 This trap catches fleas , it works very well . HOWEVER it will not attract fleas OFF your dog or cat . What 's more attractive to a flea ? A big warm animal , or a small warm trap ? The key is to put your pet outside or in the garage , vacuum your home , install the flea trap , leave it plugged in , and any remaining fleas will gravitate to the trap when they get hungry . This might take a day or so ! That 's why you need to keep the pets away , to stop the fleas from going back to them.Sprinkle diatomaceous earth in your carpet and rub it in your pets fur . If you choose the food grade stuff , it wo n't harm the pet our you .
 The flea trap works well and will kill many flea with out spays or powders
 I bought this for a neighbor who had a flea infestation in her apartment . She left it in the middle of the liviing room at night and it trapped hundreds and hundreds of fleas .
 We sometimes feel sorry for our outdoor cars and let them in , and they sometimes bring fleas . Oddly I 'm the only one bitten and I was getting a few bites a day . Indoor flea spray did n't help . Then I set one of these up . First it got a couple under the coffee table , and that was it . Then behind the couch , first a few , then more and more -LRB- the dormant larva wake up with the heat , hop onto the sticky pad and die - hee , hee -RRB- . In two weeks I 've gotten 40 fleas , and ten more on a second unit on the other couch wall . No more bites ! Once the eggs are used up , that will be it .
 After we were late with the 2nd round of herbal topical flea treatments ; that 's when we were sure they worked . I 'm not sure how far ranging it pulls fleas in from , or I 'd rate it higher . A through vaccum did a world of good , but it needs repeating as well , so this really acts as another layer of attack.Can ' t stand the permanent &#34; night-light &#34; though ... grr . I hate fleas more though .
 Wow , this really does work GREAT !! I had tried spray , flea boms and a little everthing with no luck . These flea traps are the answer . Leave them out all time in the ticket to getting all the fleas . I dont see NONE in my house now.Thanks for a GREAT product .
 Very pleased with the product that I received and would definitely buy it again and would recommend it to others .
 Great Product That Gets Rid Of Flea Infestation In Your House Without Stinky Chemical Odors Or Stains ! Follow Directions As To Number And Placement Of Traps And You Can Kiss The Fleas Good Bye !
 Low price and fast shipping . It should be used in conjunction with other eradication methods . It traps a good amount of fleas , but mainly gives you an idea of how many you have , which would be hundreds of times more than it catches . Not that it is just a good indicator , it is good to put under your beds if you are having a problem , to keep them away from you . My daughter had brought in a stray , and I told her the stray could stay in the basement overnight . I would scan lost pet ads , but would bring the cat to the SPCA , I have other cats and did n't want to risk diseases or a flea nightmare . Well , my daughter snuck down and took the cat upstairs to sleep with her . I did take the cat to the SPCA , but the damage was done . Even though my cats were treated with advantage , it was a terribly hot summer here and the fleas just thrived . I used sprays , powders , everyday vacumming and washing of bedding . I finally switched the cats to another brand of flea treatment and bought 2 of these and some other flea trap . I would rotate these traps under beds . It was about that time they disappeared .
 These traps have been really important in fight againt a flea infestation this year ! I will admit that I bought a few more than they said I needed , but I have an older house with the rooms all off a central hallway and an L-shaped -LRB- carpeted -RRB- living roon , so I got several . Not only do they really work in getting/killing fleas , they help you gauge how your fight is going . If you keep in mind that only 5-20 % of the fleas in your home are on the pet , you realize that treating other areas is important . These do a great job of &#34; soaking &#34; some of those up . Also , as you begin to treat and those treatments take effect , you can replace the capture pads and see if the treated areas still have fleas , or which areas are most affected . I think now that we 're mostly there -LRB- and using a monthly preventative -RRB- , we 'll still use a couple , just to make sure we 're on top of it.By the way , these are really safe . No chemicals and the light really does n't get hot even though it 's on 24/7 . Safe for kids and pets . HOWEVER , if you have a really curious crawling baby/toddler , you probably do n't want them getting dead fleas on them or getting stuck to the glue .
 I used these and vacuuming to remove a huge flea infestation in my home . Be sure to also get replacement bulbs also . I still have them after about 3 years and sometimes i even used them as nightlight .
 Summer of 2012 was a disaster for fleas ! Did n't want to drench my house in chemicals to try and control the outbreak . Desperate to try whatever ` natural ' remedy I could find . The idea behind this is quite simple and maybe that 's why it works . Would recommend highly . Wo n't solve a flea problem all by itself but is an excellent tool in the fight .
 This is a very nicely made flea trap . Let me start out to say in my house I have seven big dogs and eleven cats that all go in and out a dog door into a fenced in part of my yard . The dogs and cats have flea products and flea collars but it seems that fleas still jump on them outside and take the ride back into the house to jump off . I have three of these Springstar flea traps and two round Victor flea traps in different rooms . What I like about the Springstar over the Victor is Fleas fall through a grid before getting caught on sticky capture pad . The grid catches all the pet hair before it gets caught on the sticky capture pad , and then it is easy to remove.They both use a standard night light bulb to draw in the fleas to the capture pads , but the bulbs do n't last long being lit 24/7 . What I did was picked up the new LED night light bulbs and they are working great . Both flea traps work great and they are both sturdy and can take the abuse of pets playing by them . On the one by Springstar you can use a rubber band to hold the grid on better so it do n't get knocked off.Bottom line is they both work great . And when they say the sticky pads will hold up to 10,000 fleas , my one trap must of had a thousand and it had a lot of room for more fleas . You ca n't go wrong with having at least one flea trap in your house if your pet goes outdoors and each capture pad lasts a whole season .
 This product WORKS AS ADVERTISED and WORKS VERY WELL ! Fleas are attracted to the light , jump to the trap , land on the sticky paper , and are `` imprisoned '' where they die.Make sure you put the trap ON THE FLOOR where you know the fleas `` hang out '' -LRB- next to/behind sofas/chairs , under human beds , near pet bedding , anywhere the pet `` frequents '' in the house , etc. -RRB- and , depending on the infestation , you 'll see fleas jumping on the sticky pad within MINUTES after plugging it in ! It 's wise to have one trap per room , especially if you have any kind of carpeting , and put multiple traps in large rooms . DO NOT place the traps where they can get damp or wet and DO NOT let children play with , or otherwise `` get hold of '' , them!Make sure you purchase a few boxes of the refill sheets -LRB- Springstar S103 Capture pads - 3-pack -RRB- if you have a severe flea infestation . The sheets will last a long time -LRB- a couple of months -RRB- and make sure to replace them when they look like `` pepper paper '' -LRB- i.e. , thousands of caught fleas ! -RRB- . WARNING
 After trying another brand purchased from a Hardware store , this Trapwon hands down with a 10 to 1 catch rate .
 I have used these for several years , just ordered 2 more because we were away for most of last week and returned to find a flea explosion ! We should have frontlined our cats earlier , wo n't make the same mistake again . But they really do work , they catch a lot of fleas . I do not believe the pads will last 3 months or catch 10,000 fleas , but they do a good job . Once the pad fills up with fleas -LRB- and mosquitos , midges , little flying insects are caught , too -RRB- the pads become less sticky so you have to change them . They work best at night .
 This product is fantastic . I tried everything to get rid of some fleas that came in with a friend 's dog-constant vacuuming , chemicals , washing everything constantly , yet I was bitten multiple times over several days . Then I ordered the flea trap & within 2 days I had caught all the fleas-so simple , so amazingly `` green '' and effective ! Highly recommend it !
 I was skeptical with this purchase , but they really worked . Never had fleas in the house until last fall . I used the traps in combination with using frontline on my animals . This cleared up the flea problem in my home .
 This product really does work . You may not see much on day one but give it until day two or three and you will be both amazed and disgusted at what you find .
 We are not sure where the fleas came from , -LRB- both our cats are indoor only -RRB- and we had n't visited anyone with animals , but we had fleas , and a lot of them . We wanted something safe and non-toxic , and this seemed like a good , inexpensive option to try . And it works . In the first night , the first two we purchased caught a lot of fleas , more than I wanted to know we had . They worked well enough that there was a noticeable decrease in fleas on the floor and on the cats . We bought two more to completely cover the house . We 've had them for about two months now and the flea problem is gone . Worth the money .
 Fleas can be an annoying problem to have in your house . They 're tiny , annoying little insects . It 's a difficult problem to tackle , and you need to do so from several angles.This flea trap is a big help in targeting certain areas of your home , particularly where your pets frequent . We set this trap up by the couch and there were a lot of fleas in it after one night . I was really impressed . You can move it to different rooms if you need to , and it has a nice long cord so you 're not stuck near the wall . Definately a nice additions to your flea arsenal.However , do n't rely on it as your only means of tackling the flea problem . I found several home rememdies to use if you 're not comfortable using chemicals and other artificial means . Mix 3 parts of borax and 1 part of salt and sprinkle it on your carpet and furniture . Wait half an hour and vaccum it off . The borax will kill any living fleas and the salt will dry out the eggs . Repeat for a week or two.As for your animals , giving them a bath with a flea shampoo , or even regular dish soap . Just make sure you do n't get it their eyes or anything . Combing also makes a big difference . Dunk the comb in a bowl of soapy water and swish it around to kill any fleas on the comb . If you find a few stuck in the teeth , you can use tweezers to pick them out and either dunk them in the water or burn them with a candle lighter . Be careful ! Safety first ! Watch for nearby flammables!For yourself , I used a spray on insect repellent . Look for special tick and flea repellents in a store or online . Usually in the form of lotions , too . Avon 's Skin so Soft is helpful.Using the trap and other methods , you can diffently make your flea problem much more manageable , or even non-existant .
 So far on only the 2nd day of use , the flea trap has caught about 20 fleas . I have 2 set up . . 1 in my living rm and one in my dining rm . which is where my cat likes to go the most . I tried using a fogger to kill the fleas and when that did n't work I started searching online for a better and longer lasting solution . I am very pleased with my purchase and will be buying a couple more for other rooms in my house . On another note . . if your pet ever gets fleas or you suspect that they have them , take care of the problem right away ! I did n't take care of the problem right away and now have spent over $ 150 dollars on pills , shampoos , sprays , foggers , flea collars , -LRB- which btw do not work very well -RRB- and now the traps . Needless to say I will not make the same mistake again !
 In the space of about two weeks , the sticky pad was completely filled with fleas . If you have a real infestation problem and buy this product , be sure to get extra pads . They fill up fast ! We only bought one , but for the size of our house we really should have gotten at least two .
 I 've had this product for about a year now . Our cat had a few fleas and I would put the trap out in various areas . At first , it caught only a few , but one less flea is one less flea that can lay eggs.We did n't notice the power of this trap until our most recent flea outbreak ... the ENTIRE pad is full of fleas . I think we may have caught more fleas during our most recent outbreak for two reasons
 Several years ago I moved into an older home that was infested with fleas -LRB- which I discovered AFTER moving in -RRB- . Being the organic type I did not want to use foggers or any type of pesticide . I bought one flea trap to see if it worked . After one day of use I was so impressed with it , I ordered 4 more . Within five days the infestation was GONE . Yes , you have to put up with the nasty things for a bit longer than if you fogged or sprayed . That is a small price to pay for year-round flea control with NO pesticides !
 Title says it all really . I tried another one -LRB- one that mounts vertically against the wall -RRB- but it came with an LED light and those do n't produce heat ... meaning I do n't think it 's as attractive to fleas as this one -LRB- which has a traditional bulb that puts out heat and light -RRB- . Fleas are definitely attracted to it and I get a fully covered pad in a week or so -LRB- I 've got a very bad outdoor infestation in one spot of my garden for some unknown reason -RRB- . I 'm using this in combination with beneficial nematodes + sometimes I put down a chemical treatment as well . This pad is great as it works 24/7 and really helps control the adult population . I sometimes stand a distance from the pad and use a stick to bang the ground lightly around it . The vibrations are what really bring those little suckers running ! I 'd recommend this as a good flea capture pad solution .
 Once I figured out I had to remove the paper backing from the flypaper for it to work , it really started snagging fleas .
 I do not have any animals in the house , but I had a flea infestation anyway -LSB- I suspect the previous tennant had a cat or dog in the house -RSB- . This product is great - it caught 9 fleas in the first 24 hours of operation ! Hopefully this product will ` break the cycle ' and take care of my problem . I tried spraying my carpet with insecticides , but that was not 100 % effective - hopefully this trap combined with a re-spraying will solve the problem for good.Since this is a 3rd party seller , the shipping is not as quick as the regular amazon shipments , so check the shipping terms if you are in a rush to get your trap !
 I have a little studio building that is about 400 square feet ... No carpeting but it is SWARMING with fleas ! . I set off one flea bomb that was said to treat up to 2500 square feet and it did n't do any good . So the next day I set off 3 three flea bombs , and it STILL did n't do any good.So I researched Amazon , found these flea traps and decided to try them . I ordered two and no replacment pads . I have had the traps in the room for two days now and the pads are completely covered . The infestation was so bad that if I walked into the building , my pant legs would be covered and I 'd have to beat the fleas off of my legs . Now I walk in and only a few jump on me.My only regret is not ordering a few more traps and replacement pads ... But I just did place another order so I am good to go :-RRB- If you have a flea infestation problem , these traps are the answer !
 I would recommend this product to anyone ! We had an issue with one of our dog 's monthly flea medication and when we brought it up to the vet , they stated that we received a `` bad batch '' ... We had so many fleas in the house and tried everything from flea collars , sprays and powder . . I went online and read some reviews on the Springstar Flea Trap and decided to give it a try ... We are glad we did!I bought 6 traps and spread them throughout the house and after just one night , all the traps had at least 12-15 fleas in them ! Amazing ! We did use the flea bomb as well as a spray on various surfaces such as the couch , dog beds , etc. ... We have been flea free for about 2 weeks now and I still have the flea traps plugged in for that extra protection ! I would definitely recommend this product to anyone that has a major flea issue down to just keeping them in your home for the summer season ...
 I bought 5 of these due to a flea infestation . 2 placed into service July 13 , 2011 . Of those two , one is still working -LRB- light is burning -RRB- , but the other is a goner . New bulb wo n't work , nor will plugging it into another outlet . 4 are doing their job . They also trap small roaches and spiders , and maybe gnats as well as fleas . Mainly they give you reassurance that the flea population is kept under control.One nuisance feature is pulling the cover off the sticky paper - hard to do and your fingers get sticky as well . Vegetable oil removes the stickum from hands however.I would give this product 5 stars , except for the short-lived unit.I am also treating my cat frequently with Capstar -LRB- kills any newly hatched fleas that bite her -RRB- , as well as monthly Revolution .
 we just received this yesterday , not only did it get to the house fast , it already has about 25 fleas in it and it has only been on about 18 hours ! we put advantage on our cat 2 days before this got here , and with both products we seem to be winning !
 This product does actually work . I did n't use it as the only treatment option though . I also used flea spray . But I do see quite a few dead fleas stuck to the paper .
 It does it 's job well . I 've found many fleas in it . The design is good so that my cat ca n't accidentally get in it . I prefer this flea trap over a different one that I also bought .
 This item works very good.I got about 10 fleas so far!The size is perfect , not too big .
 I recently bought a bird feeder/hopper that was too large to hang from a tree so I decided to use a post.I didnt want to commit to one area or deal with concrete so was very pleased when I found this product.I was able to attach it to the post and install all by myself -LRB- Im a twenty something female -RRB- and it was n't too hard to get it into the ground.There were no instructions but I borrowed a really long screw driver from a neighbor and stuck it through the holes and kept spinning till I got it all the way in.Its been in the ground since the winter and I have n't had any problems at all.Great product !
 This is a replacement for an identical Magnatek motor that was installed just last summer , -LRB- for nearly double the money ! -RRB- but the bearings are already giving out , I 'm giving it the benifit of the doubt by assuming that possibly I got a bad one last summer , and decided to chance it one more time . I have n't yet installed this one , I 'm going to let the other one scream it 's guts out to total seizure , just in revenge for failing so soon , then I will install this one and see how long it lasts , then I will update this review . I can say the price was very good compared to what I paid for the one that is now screaming like a banshee , and delivery was quite prompt , so , for the vendor , A + , the motor manufacturer 's rep hangs on a &#34; sometimes these things happen &#34; assumption , and remains to be determined
 Amazon is refering to this item as a toy . This was a pool pump motor and it was exactly what I needed and is working beautifly .
 This is a great sign for a Wombat Lover . But how can you tell if you are a true Wombat lover ? let me help with this easy questionaire ... 1 . Do you travel over 400 miles round trip to visit Wombat ? 2 . Do you spend $ 500/month on Wombat related services ? 3 . Do you bring your wife along on Wombat journeys ? 4 . Does Wombat liven your spirits , inspiring you to reach new heights with ` tlill ' and ` chop ' ? 5 . Do you love Wombat so much that you want to share it with your friends ? Even if they are into experimental ambient film music?If you answered yes to all these , then your name is Nobu and you do n't need a reserved parking space because you will always manage to find the best one in the city . Regardless , this sign would be a nice addition to the kitchen decor to keep Rit out of the room and let her know who does the cooking around here .
 This product is great very easy to handle and lightweight . It is also very gas efficient -LRB- almost 4.00 a gallon just thought I mention it -RRB-
 I got the lighters I ordered in reasonable amount of time , and they were exactly what I ordered . These bendable lighters are becoming difficult to find , so I was happy to get these . They are perfect for lighting jar candles , and when they are folded are easy to store in a drawer or cabinet , which makes keeping them handy easier .
 I had one of these lighters for probably about two years before it ran out . I definitely got my money 's worth out of it . I just bought a different long lighter to replace it , and I do n't like it as much . I actually find my new one to be more difficult to light as far as the child safety feature is concerned . I do agree that it should be refillable , but I did n't see any that were refillable when I was shopping for my replacement at Walmart . I love the functionality of this lighter and do not believe that it deserved the harsh reviews that it received .
 The lighter adjusts as described . Very useful way to reach those hard to light candles . I 'm very pleased with the quality of the product and the response time of the suppliers .
 This is a nice lighter . I like the movable arm . I have gotten a lot of lights from it so far . The price is right . I bought a couple . And I will buy more when needed .
 Many lighters will not work when you are trying to light a candle inside a candle holder that is deeper than the votive holders . For this reason , the extended lighter portion that adjusts to three different levels , becomes very convenient . You may also find that lighting candles up on a mantle becomes much easier because you do n't have to take the candles down to light them . The flexible arm that reaches to light the candlewick is especially helpful and after buying one of these I looked everywhere for another one . They seemed to be very popular and always out of stock ! Fortunately now I can add these to my shopping cart ! ~ The Rebecca Review
 This is one unique and very good lighter . The best thing about this lighter is that you can light any type of candle using one of the three positions . I recommend this product highly .
 I started buying Takiron stakes in the early seventies , and most of them are are still ok.Then I could not find them anymore at the nurseries , and had to get similar looking ones madein China . Many of these did not last long in the hot Texas sun . The plastic coating crackedand the metal rusted . In 2012 I was going to get fiberglass stakes , but then found the Takironstakes on the internet , and ordered them instead .
 Even in cold OHIO weather our bird bath is ice free , and easy to keep clean thru the winter months
 This heater seem to working okay . I had the bowl but the heater did work any longs so I just needed the heat rock . Did not work or heat at all when first received . Call the company got info on how to get it started . Put the heat rock in freezer for 45 mins . Then plug in before place into water to see if it heats . If it heats then it is ready to heat in bird bath . make sure that it is always immersed in the water . It is working for me . Have fun
 Very satisfied ... Works great ... Birds love it ... Love watching the birds enjoy it . . Has attracted many different and colorful winter birds ... Thank You so much !!
 I bought this product from a store in Wisconsin , so I never had to deal with the company . I put this birdbath heater in an old permanent concrete birdbath and never had a problem with it . In fact , when I arrived at our Wisconsin house there was a small layer of ice on the bottom of the birdbath , so I put the heater on top of the ice and filled up the rest of the birdbath with well water . The next morning not only was the water still liquid , but the ice under the heater was melted . There was a ring of ice around the edge of the birdbath , but that was understandable since the birdbath is about 3 feet in diameter and quite shallow . I even left this heater plugged in for 2 months unsupervised , by accident , to find it still working upon our return . We are now using it for the third straight year . The only problem I had was the length of the cord . Since our birdbath is so large in diameter , I have to place the heater to one side to ensure the cord reaches past the edge of the birdbath .
 Our bird bath rock heater has failed . After 6 years of constant use we must get another . I would not take a chance on another brand or model . Excellent product works as advertised .
 The bird bath heater appears to be functioning as claimed . The thermostat keeps it slightly above freezing when I check with by finger . I did not get birds to try for the first few days even though I have adjacent bird feeders , but now that they have found it , more come each day . I wish I would have started at the first freeze so as to not have the birds find other water sources .
 We have used 4 different heaters from our small deck mounted plastic birdbath . We had previously tried a smaller version of this Farm Innovators unit but we find this one to be about perfect instead . The trouble with other FI unit was that it was so small that it would n't lay flat in the birdbath . The cords on these units are pretty hefty and do n't bend well when it is cold . The HR-75 is perfect . It stays on the bottom , looks good and prevents the water from freezing . Our birds are very happy with it . BTW
 Works as intended . Had one previously that had worked for years . Easy to place in my concrete birdbath.Keeps water from freezing .
 It works great for shallow bird baths . Had temps down in the teens and water remained unfrozen . It really is used by the birds .
 I have owned the Fluval 404 for about 2 years and I have had no problems with operation . I have had several power failures when I was n't home and the pump will continue without the need for priming when the power comes back on . The ribbed hoses are somewhat hard to clean , but the water quality is immaculate and I really have n't had to worry about it . It operates in a main living area and is virtually silent . I would recommend it , in fact I have and my friend who purchased one 6 months ago loves it .
 It takes sometime to put the Fluval 404 together at first but , once the filter is set up and running it is great . The moter runs very quite . The hoses detach from the canister by lifting a lever . The cansiter is easy to clean . The Fluval 404 filter has cut my tank maintenance time to about 10 minutes every 4 to 6 weeks . I have a 46 Gal . tank , and the Fluval keeps it very clean and the water clear . I do n't have to change the water , or clean the underground filter as often as before . I liked the fish tank but , hated having to clean it , now I can say I love my fish tank .
 I have had this filter for 6 years without any problems . -LRB- both fresh and saltwater 55 gallon tank -RRB- The filter runs well and is extremly quiet . Now in the 6 + years of owning the filter it has begun to rattle . -LRB- still works though -RRB- Would recommend especially for a fresh water setup .
 We have had a good run with our fluval 404 , it has worked and kept our tank crystal clear for 5 years now . In that time we have replaced the impeller once . We recently had a power failure and the power came back while we were n't home , hours later we found the pump had been trying to run dry for who knows how long . The tough old thing did start up again after it cooled down , but has not been as quiet since and finally quit working after we had to cut the power for other reasons . We will be getting another one just like it , in my opinion five years is a good long time for something to run constantly lke that .
 My experience with this bobble head owl has been so positive , that I am ordering two more today . The trick with these owls is that you HAVE TO PUT THEM AT EACH TREE ! You ca n't just buy one and expect to keep the birds away from the entire orchard . The birds will watch the owl and when their desire for fruit is greater than their fear of the owl , that 's when things go awry . Place an owl ON each tree or between two trees that are within a few feet of each other . Move the owls around the orchard from day to day as well . The owl saved my figs last year . This year I am ordering more to save my peaches and apples . They DO work ... you just have to be smarter than the birds .
 I put the owl on my dock and it keeps most of the birds away . The head moves in the direction of the prevailing wind .
 We bought this Owl because we were having issues with Grackels -LRB- which are a nasty , good for nothing bird that lives in Central Texas -RRB- . They were pooping all over our deck and eating our dog 's food . When we first got it , the head did n't seem to swivel very well and i was disappointed that it was n't a `` bobbing head '' type as advertised . After playing with it for a few days , we realized that you kind of have to force the head down onto the spindle to make it `` click '' in place . I was afraid that I was going to break it , but once it was attached properly the head bobbed and weaved as advertised . As for the Grackels ? They HATE IT . They sceamed at it for a week and then went on their merry way . You should move the owl every few days though . i would have given it 5 stars , but they should really provide better instructions about the head installation .
 I purchased this to keep ducks off the front deck of my houseboat.It has worked well . Would recommend .
 The owl is darling . And , love the bobble head . It does work - and scare away the critters that like our veggies and flowers ! And the little nephews and neices love it , too ! And . it also adds a cute touch to our garden !
 Every morning I would go outside to find bird poop all over my solar pool cover . GROSS ! First , I tried fake snakes and then I added some blank CD 's dangling from a line over my pool . Those things helped a bit but it was n't until the Great Horned Owl arrived that it stopped completely ! I did move him to different places around the pool about once each week . Summer is over and I have closed the pool . I put the owl away in the shed for the winter and guess what ??? - the birds are back and pooping ! This little guy works ! Oh - I love his rotating head .
 I had problems with birds settling in the trees around my house and leaving their droppings on the outdoors picnic table . I placed this owl on a second floor porch and suddently no more birds and no more droppings . It actually works .
 THE OWL LOOKS REAL & IS A VERY GOOD VALUE . MY PROBLEM IS THAT THE OWL FACES TO THE RIGHT , AWAY FROM THE AREA THE BIRDS CONGREGATE.THEY DID N'T EVEN NOTICE IT ! LIKE IN A MIRROR , THE IMAGE APPEARS IN THE PHOTO IN REVERSE POSITION . THIS MAY OR MAY NOT BE IMPORTANT TO YOU .
 Put the owl in my strawberry patch and I had nice strawberries without bird bites in the berries . I would buy another one , but strawberries are all gone now .
 It arrived and it was identical in color and chest feather pattern to the one I already had - relying on the photo , I had chosen this one , thinking it would be a contrast to the dark brown one I have - Dalen should warn that the one they send may be different from the one shown !
 We put our Great Horned Owl on our jacuzzi located at the end of our pool . My pool guy was initially horrified , but after some reassurance went ahead with his task at hand . The birds also seem to be somewhat frightened as the dreaded poop on the jacuzzi has dimished greatly . This was our goal . Of course , there are still a few brave souls who poo-poo the owl . Still , we feel that he is doing his job ! I move him periodically so it appears that he has capabilities beyond what birds might imagine . Thanks for a great product .
 I bought this in combination with the Dalen holographic bird tape . I put strips of the tape on the windows the cardinals were attacking so the strips flutter in the wind -LRB- used small suction cups to hang the tape -RRB- . And just placed the owl within view of the windows . No more bird attacks - great result .
 Worked well for me . Chased the large black birds away which come around in the spring . They have always made a horrible mess with their droppings on my back yard deck . The Robins , cardinals , blue jays and finches just ignored it which is fine since they do n't use my deck as a `` drop zone '' . It is important to move the owl every few days since the birds would no longer consider it a live threat . There is a hole in the bottom which can be filled with sand or placed on a pole in the ground .
 This owl looks incredibly life-like . I have had numerous neighbors comment that they thought it was a real owl . It scared a neighborhood dog away and it is doing an excellent job keeping our hosta-eating rabbits away.We have four of them around the house and I 've been very happy with them . My only negative comment is that they tend to fall over . I would suggest putting something in the bottom of the owl so that it remains stable and does n't topple over with the wind .
 very nice product , works great it is erie though the way it keeps watching me .
 This was puchased as a Christmas gift so that he could scare away small birds that were eatting the vegtable in his garden . I have n't gotten a report back on how it works but it was a great gift and seemed well made .
 Very pleased so far with how well it works . No more bird problems . Curious to see if it scares off coons also .
 AS soon as our tomatoes would rippen , something would peck at them . I put up one of your owls and we have not had a pecked tomato since . Great invironmentally safe product . I did learn that you need to move it once in while so it seems even more real .
 I use this owl with moving head to scare away other predatory birds from my Koi pond . Since I began using it , the problem has improved significantly . It does need to be moved every couple of days to be effective , as the hawks do catch on !
 This owl should be filled with small rocks , otherwise it could blow away . I did n't fill it in the beginning , and it blew about 5 feet in a storm , the head came off , but I was able to put it back on . The head still whirls around when the wind hits it , and it is fine . Move it around every day or so , or the birds will get brazen and if they figure out it is fake , they will attack it . I had a lot of bird doo doo on my patio before this owl , and now my patio is clean . Good purchase ! I took it in for the winter , and will put the Owl out again in the spring when those birds think they are coming back to nest in my windows .
 It does exactly what I was looking for it to do.This was a great find . The price was the best I &#8217; ve found .
 IT WORKS BUT I DO N'T THINK THE FOLKS NEXT DOOR APPRECIATE IT . THEY LIKE BIRDS IN THIER YARD AND FRANKLY I DO N'T SEE AS MANY AS I HAVE RECENT SUMMERS . I GOT THE OWL TO SCARE OFF THE SQUIRRELS .
 Thank you it 's great does the job and better looking than photo . Easy to place and keeps the birds away
 So this thing is perfect for scaring off pesky woodpeckers -LRB- which is the main reason I got one -RRB- , but it seems to fail to scare off other types of wildlife . The ducks and goose that live around the pond are n't too scared of it , they keep their distance but do n't go running when the head turns -LRB- which is fine because the ducks and goose are n't a problem mostly -RRB- smaller type birds also keep away , but rabbits walk right past it like its not even there . So it works well in specific circumstances . Other than that its a pretty good product .
 My husband bought this owl to serve as a scarecrow to keep some of nature 's critters away . It looks pretty realistic and head rotates with the wind . It 's a great owl for the price .
 I searched the internet and found this location to be the best price . When the items arrived , I bought two of the same , they were just as advertised . I would certainly recommend this seller . In fact , I am going to purchase another that talks .
 This owl with rotating head is all plastic , made to last , the head turns with a small slight of wind , , from afar it really looks like a real owl . Much better than the prowler with the flapping paper wings which is more expensive and not made to last . I recommend this product . I have not have any birds come near my newly planted garden , to eat my seeds .
 The owl looks quite real at a distance and its head rotates at the slightest of wind movement . Ever since placing it in my backyard , I have not seen any rabbits . I , however , am not sure whether it would deter birds or other animals .
 I used this product along with another wind driven owl to control geese . It seems they have kept the geese away for the present . Suggest moving it from time to time so the geese/other do n't get accustomed to it in one place .
 Im 57 I use these plugs in a 67 barracuda they burn clean and give you the edge you need . I also use them in a wheel horse garden pulling tractor , modified its a winner , I recommend these plugs they are worth the extra money If you want to be competive .
 I put one in my crappy craftsman mower and can now cut a half acre without refueling . In the past I 'd have to stop halfway through the backyard and lug out the gas can . I think it also gives the mower more power to get through tall , wet grass without stalling.I 'm now picking one up for my toro snow blower . Unfortunately they do n't sell an e3 compatible with my husqavarna blower .
 I bought these for my lawn mower and got 20-30 mins more run time per tank of gas for the same sq footage of lawn that i was mowing vs the original spark plug.Then i ordered some for my 1/2 ton pick up and i got more power off the line than regular autolites !
 So far so good ! I normally have the same areas that I get eaten up outside . I started using this and it definitely helps .
 I bought these small mosquito bits to deal with root-killing fungus gnats . The live , water-activated bacteria eats the eggs of the fungus gnats . When hatched , the gnat larvae eats the plant roots , thereby destroying the plant . These mosquito dunks take care of the problem , thus the plant survives .
 Got this product not for mosquitoes but for gnats -LRB- fruit flies -RRB- . I read on the web this would work if sprinkled around the plants and watered in and it did . It takes times because by the time you see the gnats flying around they have laid their eggs in the dirt of your plants . They hatch and the larva eat the fine roots of your plants - sometimes killing them . It is a vicious cycle in that the lava become flies , they lay eggs , that become lava that become flies , that lay eggs ... you get it ! Point is it takes persistence but eventually they are gone .
 I used this in a small waterfall . It got rid of the mosquitoes , and also the frogs and pollywogs , which I did n't want to happen .
 I bought this to get rid of the fungus gnats in the hibiscus plant pot that I overwinter indoors . Before using this product , I 'd water the plant and a cloud of those gnats would fly out of the pot -- disgusting ! I 've only used this once , by shaking about a teaspoon of it over the top of the surface of the pot , and they 've completely disappeared . The life cycle of the fungus gnat is 28 days , so I expect to use it again to ensure that they 're completely gone , but clearly it is working well.I like that it 's a biologic product -LRB- Bacillus thuringiensis , subspecies Israelensis , or BTI -RRB- and not a chemical , so I feel safe having it in the house with my pets . This will come in handy around the barn during the summer , too , because it 's also effective against black fly larvae.Highly recommended . Good price .
 I bought this to kill the fungus gnats in the potted plants on my porch . Worked quick . Worked great . You do get some oil sheen in the water and some oil markings on the stems , but that goes away after a bit . The 8 oz shaker will last a lifetime -LRB- or more -RRB- , but it 's worth the cost to save my plants .
 We live in FL and seem to have an even worse problem than a lot of our neighbors . I have a pond , birdbaths and a LOT of potted plants -LRB- these hold water which are mosquito breeding grounds -RRB- . These granules have virtually eliminated our mosquito problem ! As long as I stay on top of keeping these in the potted plants -LRB- which seems to be our biggest issue -RRB- we have NO mosquitoes !! I am never interested in pesticides and have tried EVERYthing natural under the sun and this is what has finally worked!Before we were using them we got several mosquitoes in the house each night especially during the rainy , hot months . The dunk -LRB- rings -RRB- work well too , but these are easy to sprinkle in small places . If you have the dunks just break them up . My organic lawn maintenance company taught me that trick .
 My application for this product is for my rain barrel . I drip irrigate my raised bed garden and my rain barrel collects more than just water -LRB- mosquito larvae , etc -RRB- . One afternoon I went out and peeked into the rain barrel and it was literally writhing with larvae , thousands of them . I have used BT as an agent to rid certain bugs from garden in the past and know it works . I sprinkled a small amount of this product into the barrel and it cured my problem .
 Great seller . Great product . Two weeks of skeeter treatment and they are gone ! We put small plastic containers with the product and some water all around .
 i use the dunks in sitting water as in bird baths and i spread the bits where water will flow and in the grass . we in az we get monsoons and this works killing the larvae and not any critters .
 Great product , does every thing I need and more . Removable module is great for armchair programming .
 I had searched for 5 years for this item . to match 3 that I had purchased elsewhere . Through a web search , I was able to find them , All in all , they were as good as the old ones , but a little sloppily bent . In other words , they did not all match . the part of the square rod that is supposed to be straight , in two of them was curved . again , a little sloppy . I was able to put them in a vise and pound them straight . But this cracked the paint . Again , not a big deal as they are going to be outside on the side of my barn , and out in the weaTHER ANYWAY . THE OLD ONES HAVE A RUSTY PATINA AND ARE NOW AGED WITH RUSTIC CHARM . THANKS , PHIL PARENT
 I ordered this maul because I had a few 30 '' rounds that I needed to split but not enough to warrant a log splitter . I already had a 4lb maul/splitter axe which had got me through most of the rounds , but there were a few knotty ones that I was struggling with and a heftier maul seemed like it would do the trick . This maul is great . It 's heavy and will split most rounds just because of it 's weight . The handle is a little short but you should n't be swinging something like this over your head anyhow so it 's not that big a deal . What I do n't like about it is that the head is basically triangular -LRB- you ca n't tell that from the profile picture above -RRB- rather than `` axe shaped '' ... That means that it wo n't dig into dense/tight grained wood with much success and you 'll need to open a seam with another axe or maul before this one is any use to you . It decimates normal rounds , but anything where a decent sized branch was attached is going to cause you problems and this maul will just bounce off .
 This maul is BIG at 10 lbs . you know you have something in your hand , but it works ! It will pop green or dry oak 20 '' round in half in one swing . The only complaint I have is that the handle is to short I think it should be at least 36 '' . Made of all steel it should last several generations .
 I used this belt on my Kawasaki VN 2000 motorcycleI had the original belt replaced twice in 60,000 kilometers and it was squealing againI did some research on the forums related to this bike seems the original belts had a problem with squealing on some bikesThe first 2 belts where under warranty but problem came back this time no warranty left so instead of the genuine belt I used this belt as it is recommended for the squealing belt fix on quite a few forums hope this helps other VN 200 owners with this fault as it is an expensive job replacing the belt at 20,000 thousand k , intervals is a bit expensive only time will tell but gearbox feels nicer with this belt
 This Certified bat house is just as described and is quite well made , NOT like what you would find at WalMart or Home Depot etc. . The construction has overlapping pieces and appears to be well sealed and caulked . The cast Iron star is a nice Texas touch and the cedar is naturally rough . This bat houses does not have any plywood or plastic netting which I hear can trap bats and eventually deteriorates . I 've left my bat house natural and decided not to paint or stain it and it 's already begun to weather nicely . I guess you could stain it to match your house or trim . It came with mounting instructions and screws . Also , it 's made in the United Staes by hand , not a production line product from China . Very pleased with this purchase and plan to buy more for gift giving this Christmas .
 The Duncraft Metal Haven feeder is easy to clean as well as refilling it with bird seed . I `` do '' like the idea of the magnets on the top to keep the bushy tail squirrels out of the feeder . Great for small birds . Sturdy ! Thanks !
 We bought this to finish a border around a white light pole . It looks great to have the white border around the flowers !
 Have used this picnic bag , And it holds the cold in well . Love all the extras as well , have used them all.Will buy this for a gift for others .
 This bag is versatile , spacious , and hardy . It 's very attractive and holds quite a bit ; maybe even more than 2 people need for a simple meal . The wine carrier only fits bottles of about 750mL , not larger or unusual shapes . There 's a bungee net on top to tuck your picnic blanket in for easy carrying . Again , it has a LOT of interior space to fill . We bought it for a wedding present but now , we think we need one of our own .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift for my parents and they love it ! Very good quality , and the perfect size for 2 people .
 Good design for letting the smaller birds eat without interference from larger ones or squirrels . Metal cage is a little soft , but I knew that from having another Duncraft model . Saved $ 30 compared to buying the same model at a local pet store . Arrived sooner than expected .
 This feeder holds a substantial amount of seed and is definitely squirrel proof ! The one drawback is that the more seed I put out , the faster it gets eaten .
 I bought a Perky Pet Triple Tube Feeder With 2 In 1 Ports 6 # Capacity and used it for a while , and I found that the squirrels destroyed it!That feeder was made entirely of plastic . The ports/perches are plastic . These ports/perches are way too easy for the squirrels to pop out of the plastic tubes holding the feed . When that happens , the feed spills out on the ground . You can pop the ports back in -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- but all that feed is wasted -LRB- and bird feed is expensive -RRB- . Also , the squirrels chew away the little cups -LRB- in the ports -RRB- that hold the feed in the tubes , so even more feed winds up on the ground.After I got sick of putting feed in way too often , I bought the Duncraft 18202 and I am very happy with it . The differences are that the Duncraft is mostly metal , including the ports/perches , and it has a metal cage around it that keeps the squirrels from getting at the feed and the interior parts . I find that with it , I have to add feed a lot less often . That means I 'm spending way less on feed , so the extra cost of the Duncraft feeder over the Perky Pet will easily pay for itself .
 If you want to virtually eliminate bird seed theft from squirrels , this feeder is for you . Squirrels will continue to try to get seed but they are completly stymied except for spillage into the bottom tray sent there by birds . The squirrls still provide entertainment with their efforts to defeat the feeder 's defenses but are unable to reach seed in the central tubes because of the wire mesh surrounding the feeder.Best feeder I 've found in my fifteen -LRB- 15 -RRB- year experience of bird feeding!W.L . PulsipherOcala , Florida `` The Horse Capital of the World ''
 I purchased the Duncraft Safe Haven bird feeder a couple of months ago and I have been very pleased with it . I had earlier purchased a plastic squirrel hood and a long pole from which to hang it from a tree branch . This combination has worked extremely well . The birds love it , with the small ones going inside and the larger birds hanging from the cage and leaning forward to reach the seeds . Now and then a squirrel manages to make the acrobatic set of moves to get themselves onto the cage , but the fully metal construction seems to be sturdy enough to survive the experience , and about the only seeds the squirrel can get are those that the birds had dropped into the bottom tray . Not much of a reward for their work , and they eventually admit defeat and drop off . It is big enough to only need to be filled about once a week , which is much more practical than the smaller feeders which seem to need almost daily attention .
 We 've had many feeders but this is the only one that was n't destroyed by squirrels and raccoons within a year . Ours is mounted on a pole and has been in ` service ' a good 5 years . It is finally time to buy a new one and this is the only one we will consider for our 3 tube variety . We have a single tube with wire cage for nyger seed . Duncraft makes good feeders .
 I have the 18303 which is bigger and has 9 ports and lists for $ 139 . It holds more seeds , 7 pounds . You have to latch top , otherwise it will allow bottom to fall . You can hear click . It keeps the Pigeons/Doves off the feeder . All the small birds , sparrows and finches use the feeder , but they could not use my droll Yankee because the bigger birds would intimidate them , and the pigeons would sleep on the feed tray.Yes Blue Jays , and European Starlings use feeder and so Red Squirrels which hang upside down , a fabulous Squirrel camera picture !! So overall I am very happy I get lots of Finches feeding from Feeder and it is durable metal . Cardinals feed all the time . Only birds that can not feed are the Dove/Pigeons .
 This is my third Safe Haven model and it does what it is supposed to do . It keeps the squirrels and large blackbirds from `` bullying '' their way around the feeder.The smaller birds just seem to be much more relaxed when using this . They sometimes will just sit inside the enclosure to take in the view or even a nap . My only complaint is that it arrived with two one inch dents on the side of the bottom tray . It could have been done in transit . The birds have n't complained and I can live with it . -LRB- HaHa -RRB-
 We saw this birdfeeder at a garden store for $ 150 ! I knew we could get it cheaper.Great capacity , but not 100 % squirrel proof . Small ones can stick their heads thru the wire mesh .
 Feeder is metal - not wood or plastic . Easy open top to fill with seed . Have only had 1 month , so I have not needed to clean it yet . Seems sturdy . Just what I needed .
 This is a well-made feeder and is always surrounded by hungry birds , particularly finches and even woodpeckers . I usesunflower meats infused with red pepper . This keeps the squirrels away and the metal cage surrounding the feeder keeps the big birds from crowding out the little ones .
 I purchased this feeder , not because I have a squirel problem -LRB- I have the `` witches hat '' diverter above the feeder that keeps the squirrels at bay -RRB- but to reduce the doves , as they had taken over the previous feeder and were keeping the smaller birds away , not to mention the amount of seed they were eating/wasting . I am happy to report that the Duncraft 18202 Feeder surpases my expectations . I still have doves , but they are now eating on the ground and leaving the feeder for the smaller birds . My only criticism is that the feeding tubes are rather small and require dailey replenishment . The metal construction is an improvement over my previouse feeder .
 It comes in it 's little pot , perfectly packed , tape all over so it does n't make a big mess during transportation , it is a tinny little plant , if you are going to grow it in the garden/patio I suggest to clean the weeds around and put the label that comes with it cause is really easy to mistake it with random weed specially at the beginning of the spring . I have it about 2 weeks and it is still tinny but seems happy still . I will tell you if it dies ...
 I needed a replacement for the belt I smoked on my rear engine Snapper riding mower . None of the big box stores carried it , and I did n't want to give the local dealer double the price for it -LRB- they usually have to order it themselves anyway , probably from Amazon ! -RRB- . It was new , original equipment , fit perfectly , and my mower is back to service -LRB- well , until it started snowing around here -RRB- .
 I got just what I ordered quickly and a competitive price . Good seller .
 I bought this filter expecting to reuse the old pre-filter . Surprise , this filter comes with a new pre-filter despite not listing it in the ad . Makes a good price Great!Fit perfectly . Very pleased !
 We bought this because a friend used to help his orchids to flower , really good product and you do n't have to fertilize for a very long time , you only have to be aware of what concentrations of minerals you require or if its for flowers or other things like vegetables .
 This looks great in our backyard . I did spray it down well with a weatherguard and it is holding up fine , many months later .
 I bought this pool pole from Amazon 8 months ago , and have used it several times a week since . I have absolutely no complaints . It is well-made , it does the job , and it does n't seem like it 's about to break any time soon . Obviously , the blue finish will get scratched with use , but other than that it is very durable . Free shipping from Amazon makes a difference -LRB- typically $ 10 - $ 15 elsewhere for shipping -RRB- .
 I ordered 4 of these because they looked as though I could hang a variety of things
 I got this plant bracket to hang my indoor money plant . I found it sturdy and effective.It looks elegant too .
 I 'm hanging a Moroccan-Style Star Lantern -LRB- 11 '' x 14 '' , purchased from Amazon -RRB- and this hook is both the exact right size and a perfect color and material match .
 I bought this to hang a lantern from and it work perfect ! Adds a little flair when you want to hang something . I will be buying a few more of these .
 I used this to hang a pendant lamp off on my wall , and it worked great ! It 's got a nice look that is simple but not too abrupt .
 I love this hanger . I especially love the shape , it 's unusual and artistic . What more can I say . I love it .
 I bought this hook to hang a glass sphere in my office . The hook looks handmade , like something from the 1700 's . It 's a solid piece of metal , one piece so nothing flimsy or breakable . I highly recommend it and I would buy it again .
 These hooks are very very pretty . I appreciate the detail and the color is gorgeous , yet subtle enough to fit into any interior or exterior design . They are a bit small . I thought they would extend farther , but they would worth well for small planters . I used mine for an outdoors latern actually , and it looks very pretty . They would also make great coat hooks , jewelry organizers for womens necklaces and bracelets , and towel hooks in the bathroom . Very pretty detail , subtle coloring , and have seemed to hold up well for my light-weight latern . I think they would do wonderfully for anything that could fit their size .
 As virtually everybody has pointed out , Woodhaven outdoor racks are superbly manufactured . Parts fit together like a Swiss watch and are of excellent quality from rugged paint to long-life fittings.The racks themselves are made in Kansas , but the covers are made for them in China . The original covers , sold until recently , tend to blow off in a stiff wind if the rack is full . However , a newer version , which is darker , incorporates elastic tabs on the corners to prevent this . Over the past couple of years we 've purchased maybe a dozen of the 1/2 and full cord racks direct from the manufacturer , not Amazon . Each in the next-to-last purchase had elastic tabs , which was a most welcomed surprise . However , when we ordered some more a few weeks after that , they arrived with the old-style covers which we did n't realize until after they had been unpacked.I emailed them about this disappointment , but they do n't respond . Bottom line , ensure that the covers are the new style with elastic strips in each corner . Otherwise you 'll need to stick some logs atop the cover to keep it from blowing off if the rack is full .
 I did a fair bit of research before settling on this rack . I found it easy enough to build , and it stands up well in our back yard after mounting it on concrete blocks . The only thing I would improve is the cover . It tends to get blown around by the wind and leave part of the top of the wood pile uncovered .
 I liked this product as soon as I unboxed it . It is very sturdy and hard steel . After completing the building of it i put the top on and liked the cover that comes with it . It isnt a cheap piece of plastic that will tear in 1 year . I bought 2 because the 1 cord was to big for my drive way so I have 1 in front of the other . They really look nice and keep wood off ground and covered .
 Was shipped the same day i ordered it . Arrived quickly and could tell as soon as i pulled it from the box that it was substantial . Other reviews said it was a two person job to assemble , but the wife was still sleeping so i attempted it myself , start to finish twenty minutes max , with little difficulty . The cover was also heavy and gives the appearance of durability . We live in a high wind area , so i will see how it holds up . I too read the other reviews and wanted something that would last . Its better to spend 199.00 once , than have to hassle with headaches , returns and being aggravated . I give it four stars only because i have only had this product up and loaded with wood for about twenty minutes , but couldnt be more hopeful that i wont have to buy another firewood rack for a long long time .
 We bought this rack back in November 2011 and have had it for about 2 months now . Originally , we were planning on getting the less expensive Landman rack but after reading the reviews we were skeptical . I am honestly so happy that we chose the Woodhaven Rack . We had no problem putting this rack together but you will need 2 people to do it . Definitely not a one-man job.The rack is extremely sturdy and very strong . I was impressed with the quality of the bars , they were n't flimsy at all . We almost purchased the long rack cover but I 'm happy that we decided to wait . We live in NJ so the weather has n't been too brutal -LRB- yet -RRB- . The cover that the rack comes with has been more than sufficient and actually , we were told that the short rack is better for the wood.I would definitely recommend that you not put this rack on soft ground . It is heavy without the wood so it will probably sink if the ground is wet enough . This rack perfectly fit a true 1/2 cord of wood and was worth the money we spent on it . My husband is considering a second !
 This a very nice storage rack for firewood . It is nicely finished and well constructed . It is a little difficult to put together because of its size . The parts fit well . A second pair of hands makes the job go much faster .
 This is n't the most inexpensive rack out there ... but it is totally worth the money . It is constructed really well and the cover is AWESOME . I can see why others have raved about it now that I own one . I bought a rack from Brookstone that is n't nearly as nice as this one . Do yourself a favor and get this rack . It is nice looking enough to place just about anywhere .
 Rock solid construction so far ! It 's near the bay so I 'll see how it holds up over the winter salty air ... But I was impressed on the quality of the construction and would tell others to buy it . It 's loaded with wood and the feet are sunk into the ground already . Only time will tell ...
 Fantastic Firewood rack . Quality construction and easy assembly . Delivery tracking a bit confusing , as the tracking number was considered invalid by carrier . Tried to contact seller to make aware ... did not hear back . BUT delivery was made and no problem.UPDATE :
 This was exactly what we needed at our mountain home . It was easy to assemble & easy to load . It is very sturdy & should last through many winters . Delivery was very quick .
 Quality product and easy to assemble . Already ordered a second one to handle the overflow . Hope to get many seasons out of this one .
 I almost bought a less expensive alternative and from the moment I began to assemble the Woodhaven , I was glad I did n't . The rack is essentially made up of four major parts fastened together with two sizes of screws . Woodhaven shipped an extra screw in each packet . That level of consideration and care is clear in every step . The frame fit together beautifully , just as it was painstakingly engineered to do . Someone sweated the details on this design and it shows . It took me less than 20 minutes to assemble the rack , and then to place it on my pre-leveled surface . -LRB- The instructions even suggested placing on brick or cement pavers so the rack would n't sink down into the earth when weighed down . -RRB- I noticed perhaps my favorite detail once I had loaded the Woodhaven with split firweood . The cover has durable elastic tension loops that wrap around the frame 's upright bars presumably designed to keep the cover from blowing away in a storm.I 'll probably buy another one . The Woodhaven is a well-conceived , smart and durable product . Hat 's off to those involved in building it .
 I wish everything I purchased was built as well as this rack . This is a very sturdy rack that will last a lifetime . This is very easy to assemble . It 's engineered so there 's really only one way it will go together . It 's practically idiot proof . Top notch fasteners fit through every perfectly drilled hole . Best of all , this quality rack is made in the USA !
 It 's exactly as it was represented . Well made . Well thought out . Easy to Assemble . Firewood is finally organized and easy to get at . Half cover works very well . This is quality . Worth every penny . May buy another one .
 This rack is very sturdy and pretty easily put together . I also have the 3 footer , set close to the house .
 The 96WRC rack has been great for storing firewood . It is made from heavy gauge steel with a powder coated finish . There rack holds a full half cord like a champ , there 's no flex or give in it even when fully loaded.The cover does a good job staying on . It 's been pretty good at staying on during severe weather while the rack is full and there 's only a couple of inches of post for the cover to ride . I 've had to readjust the cover a few times after storms , but I 've never had to go looking for it . So it 's got that going for it , which is nice.One thing that I think people should be mindful of is the feet on the 96WRC are n't very big , they 're maybe 2 '' by 3 '' and they may sink into softer surfaces . We dealt with that by putting ours on 4 '' X 8 '' X 2 '' concrete blocks .
 If you plan to use a firewood rack to stack and dry logs outside and you look for a stand that endures for years to come , there simply is n't a better -LRB- and more appealing -RRB- rack on the market . We own and use six firewood racks , of which three are of different brands -LRB- ShelterLogic / Landmann . -RRB- The ` other-brand ' racks do not match the Woodhaven model in terms of quality , robustness , ease of assembly , and stability . Not even close . Even if the Woodhaven racks are easily twice as expensive as other brands , the price premium is worth it -LRB- if the objective is to use the same rack for more than 2-3 years . -RRB- Our non-Woodhaven racks -LRB- ca. 2 years old -RRB- are all showing notable rust spots , while the Woodhaven racks look immaculate still . Also , the 14 '' width of the Woodhaven rack -LRB- versus ca. 15.5 '' on a ShelterLogic -RRB- allows for smaller logs , which comes in handy for -LRB- us -RRB- ham-handed forest chainsaw operators . We 've positioned all our racks on the property on 2 '' x 8 '' x 16 '' concrete pavers -LRB- positioned level over a gravel / paving sand base -RRB- . Take a few minutes to put the footing in place ; it 's time well-spent . The -LRB- pavers / gravel / paving sand - -RRB- structure is low-cost and avoids trouble -LRB- sinking / tipping firewood racks -RRB- down the road . This last observation clearly relates to all firewood racks -LRB- and may come across as commonsense to many -RRB- . I 'm adding the -LRB- footing -RRB- comment merely as I learned the hard way -LRB- a tipped-over rack -RRB- that establishing a solid base -LRB- weather , temperature , soil-proof -RRB- is essential , regardless of rack variety .
 I own five of these and have had most of them for years . They are incredibly well built and are quite simple to put together . The cover is a fabulous design as it helps to keep my firewood nice and dry through our brutal Minnesota winters . I heartily recommend this product .
 This is the third wood rack we purchased and our 2nd Woodhaven . In between , we purchased a less expensive look-a-like . We live in the suburbs on 1/2 acre of land and we took down two large trees on our property so both racks -LRB- 1/2 face cord size each -RRB- were full . We did not consider where the racks would be located as carefully as we should have so we had to relocate them . We ended up loosing a lot of wood due to rot and collapsing of one end of the `` cheap '' rack . We were very disappointed because it was a lot of work to cut and stack . Our original Woodhaven has served us well through 4 Winters so far . Confirms that you get what you pay for and this is a great value because it includes the cover .
 This rack is well worth it 's money . Super sturdy and designed to allow the wood to stay protected from the rain while allowing air flow to keep the wood dry and free of pests.Would highly recommend .
 If you 're reading this review , then you are probably trying to weigh paying much more for this firewood rack than the others you will find on Amazon . Without a doubt , this is well worth the extra money . It is heavy duty , made in the USA and made with precision . Putting it together reminded me of the good old days when things were made well and when you lined up the holes for a bolt , you had to be exact with the alignment because it was fabricated correctly without the `` China Slop '' you find in other products . They even give you extra fastener parts in case you lose one ! I must say that I am sick and tired of buying products that are cheaply produced . This is an awesome product proudly made in the USA and made right .
 This unit will last a lifetime . Very Sturdy . The rack is manufactured in Kansas while the tarp cover is made overseas -LRB- China -RRB- . Took about 30 minutes to assemble with two people.Update
 Really like this product . Brilliant design , and well built . It looks great in the yard , and holds 1/r2 cord without rocking or twisting . I have been using it for 2 years now and it shows no sign of wear and tear .
 Very good quality -- you get what you pay for . One very nice touch
 We bought our first Woodhaven a couple of years ago from a catalog . They no longer carry it . I came to Amazon to look for another . It is such a well built rack . The powdercoat is holding up great and hardware is n't rusting at all . We have n't had any problem with the cover coming off , but for extra security when it is fully loaded we have a couple of black bungee cords chris-crossed from post to post . We highly recommend this rack .
 I highly recommend these InnerEy Wind Spinners . They are absolutley beautiful when spinning and the sun hits them ! Amazing . They are made of high quality material and the colors are beautiful . I have about 6 of them and I love each one . Makes a great gift too !
 Agriform is an excellent way to ensure tree crops have a good start especially if you are a gentleman farmer who has a host of other interests and could easily forget to fertilize plants regularly . Agfriform does that for you . You get healthy plants that survive pests and fungus because it has the nutrient support of Agriform . I recommend this product to anyone who wants a reliable slow releasing fertilizer for plants .
 We have a similar unit by another manufacture at our vacation home . I wanted one for our primary residence but could n't find the same model and brand . And that 's a good thing , because this one out performs our original one . It 's more reliable and the batteries have already lasted for a year -LRB- the other model required new batteries every few months -RRB- . I may end up replacing the one in our vacation home with this model . The longer battery life alone could pay for the purchase .
 I bought this as a gift for my grandmother who is always keeping up with the temperature . She did n't have a good place to put the giant thermometer outside , so I got her this one . She carries it around the house with her from bedroom to living room and so on . She always knows what the temperature is now ! And the large digits are easy for her eyes to read .
 I have used this since the day I got it and it is still working like new ! I keep the outdoor part right outside of a window where rain do n't hit it and keep it inside a Ziploc bag with about 2 table spoons of dry rice in the bag to keep moisture for building up in the monitor . I only use this for the temp inside and outside . i have never set or used the alarm on it .
 I have owned this grill for about 5 mths now . I have cooked on many gas grills and have to say that this is an incredible grill . there is great control over the heat from the burners . I am new to the infrared burners but love them . It rotisseries a chick like the best chicken places.For the bottom infrared burner , it allows me to make my steaks better than any steak house here in town . Rare right from the grill or move them over to the other burners for a medium or well steak -LRB- for the wife -RRB- . I have not been able to wreck a meal on this grillThe stainless cleans up so well and looks so great also.This is a monster stainless grill that will last a very long time.I am very proud when friends also see it and think that we could do a small pig on the spit !!
 good , worked well for the reason it was designed and ordered . It was the one recommended by the pool manufacturer
 This EW22 is exact part as LLW22PM , but just white color.My old one after 6 yrs of usage in the water , the plastic piece dissolved over time.To see the exact diagram refer to part # 41 , use this link for reference . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This pool side connector for the Legend in pool vacuum system , is exactly the replacement part I purchased locally at twice the Amazon price . This part requires replacement about every two years as the chlorine seems to breakdown the plastic . The material gets rough and is difficult to dislodge from the female pool side connector . Will buy again from this seller if available for this price .
 I emailed the company after ordering this and asked if they could possible rush this item for a poool party that I was having the following Tuesday . Good to their word , it was there Monday and worked like a charm !
 There are two different models for this part . One has a larger outlet , which does not fit the Pentair `` Platinum Legend '' but costs about half as much .
 The Honeywell TM005X Wireless Thermo-Hygrometer is a great monitoring tool for home and work . With its easy on the eyes display it is an ideal way to monitor temperature and humidity . This particuliar unit is packed with one remote sensor . One may piggyback up to 3 additional sensors . The monitor can be mounted or operate free standing.Both monitor and sensor operate off of 2 AA batteries . The monitor is silver and black and measures 4.33 '' x 4.86 '' . It blends well in most decorum . The 2 '' x 4 '' sensors are white with a display screen measuring .5 '' x 1 '' . Purchased primarily for indoor use these devices have worked well . As with all monitoring devices I calibrate these quarterly for accuracy . For the price paid I am somewhat surprised with the on the money readings . The system has more then paid for itself . Definitely a great low cost tool that works .
 I purchased this for Xmas , and it 's great ! You set the base and the remote up by installing batteries and clicking a few buttons , hang the remote outside , and every 5 seconds , you get the indoor temp/humidity , then it changes to the outdoor readings . Really handy if you do n't want to flip on the tv to see the temp outside . Just be sure to read the initial setup instructions carefully -LRB- I did n't and it took 10 minutes to figure out what was wrong -RRB- and you should be good to go . A great product .
 I posted this at my web site : I am very pleased with the early monitoring results ; this compact system has confirmed initial suspicions about the air in the shop being too dry ... I used the Memory key -LRB- on the bottom-right corner of the base unit -RRB- , and it showed 36 % RH as the highest reading since I started monitoring ... The absolute readings become less critical in actual monitoring , as environmental conditions around each of the monitoring units may be in a more or less humid area . What is important is to know how close to each other the readings are before starting to monitor a large volume ...
 I had purchased a wireless therm-hygro unit from WalMart earlier this year , but was n't impressed with the quality and their accuracy . Took them back and ordered the TM005X with this additional remote . IMHO , the Honeywell units are much better.I have the base station and 2 remotes . I 've installed new foam insulation and an unvented roof in my new remodel . I use them to monitor temp and humidity in my basement , main floor and attic.You line them up in the same room and the temps are all within 1 to 1.5 degs and the RH are within 2 % to 3 % of each other . I have n't calibrated the units yet , but so far I 'd consider them a pretty good value.Nice display with large readable numbers .
 This temperature and humidity measuring gadget is great . It comes with a second one that you can either install outside or somewhere else inside your house , and which reports on a different frequency channel to the main one . We were trying to verify that the humidity inside the house is correct in various places after running a large humidifier , and this gadget was exactly what we needed .
 Item received broken , but quickly and politely replaced at no charge . This is a great product for keeping track of temperature and humidity levels in the home and outside , at a very reasonable price . Highly recommended for anyone owning wooden musical instruments .
 This unit has a sensor built in and comes with an additional remote sensor . I bought two additional remote sensors , so now I can tell the temp and humidity on two floors , in the garage and outside , all wirelessly . The numbers are big and the interface is as simple as it gets.I have n't used it to track peak and trough , so I 'm not sure how that works , but it would be nice if it had a built in clock to stamp those data with .
 Very happy with this unit . I placed both units on my thermostat and they all read within 0.1 F of each other . the numbers are large and easy to read . I have the remote unit outside and it is reading accurately . I 've already recommended this product to others looking for a indoor/outdoor themometer and hygrometer for an affordable price .
 I spent a lot of time doing research on hygrometers and finally bought this one . I 'm happy to say I do not regret . Its precision totally fits my needs . When put together , the main and remote units show a difference of 1 % in their humidity readings , which is good ... I guess . I even bought two dirt cheap mechanical hygrometers to compare all four against each other and get a more unbiased judgement . They all show similar humidity levels as humidity changes.On the cons side , the buttons are way too stiff and click too loud . And even though I have only one remote unit , in order to cycle readings between the main unit and the remote unit , I have to click through two empty screens , which are reserved for another two remotes .
 This item has worked well for me so far . While the base unit and remote sensor did initially disagree when I first turned them on -LRB- for both the temp and humidity -RRB- , they both equilibrated to within a few tenths of a degree and 1-2 % humidity difference -LRB- I think that 's plenty of precision for home use -RRB- when I came back the next morning . Even a degree of temperature and + / - 2-3 % humidity difference would be precise enough for most people 's home use . Now , of course , I have no independent , callibrated thermometer or hygrometer to assess accuracy , but that 's another matter . Overall I 'm very satisfied .
 I 've been generally very pleased with this unit . My only problem has been that the remote sensor , nominally intended for outside use , does not like to get wet . Its hygrometer gets messed up either if it gets too wet or too dry . So , mount the sensor under something outside and you 'll be fine .
 Performs as advertised , accurate and easy to calibrate . Keep batteries up to date and keep out of sun for accurate readings .
 Nothing to complain about . Easy read , great price , and no cheesy graphics . No problems with receiving information from outside unit and neither eat up batteries . Also , very compact with options to mount on the wall or use of built in stand . Great find .
 We 've had this about 2 months and we really like it . We bought it as a replacement for an Oregon Scientific wireless thermometer that worked well , but finally quit after ~ 10 years . I actually like this Honeywell TM005X better because : Pros :1 -RRB- Large numbers on display2 -RRB- Simple design -- does n't have a clock that needs to be reset every time batteries are changedCons -- none of them show stoppers1 -RRB- Wireless range between sensor and base is n't quite as far as the Oregon Scientific2 -RRB- Has lost connection with the wireless sensor twice in 2 months -- easy to scan and reconnect3 -RRB- Does n't display indoor and outdoor temp/humidity on the same screen -- trade off for large numbers
 I purchased this to check the temperature in a garden shed that I keep some plants in over the winter . I can tell from inside my home if I need to turn the heat up or down and if there is too much humidity in the shed . I love this product and highly recommend it for greenhouses or garden sheds . The devices are about 60 feet apart , one in the shed and the other in my home . It works through the walls of both buildings .
 This is a very useful device , and seems quite accurate . Our bedroom is on the second floor , and it is sometimes hard to know how to dress when the outside temperature is changing . We keep the sensor on our front window sill , and the display lets us know what outside temperature to prepare for . Its only flaw is that it does n't have a light for the display , so on dark winter mornings , or when I wake in a winter night and worry that our pipes may be freezing , I have to turn on a light to read the display .
 We bought this for our wine fridge , to make sure that the setting was correct and accurate , and because this thermometer measures humidity . At first , we placed the sensor at the bottom of the fridge and mounted the display on the wall above . It fluctuated pretty wildly and was always above the temperature we 'd set the fridge to . This brings me to one of the best features of this device
 I have been using this product -LRB- base unit and remote unit -RRB- for about a month now and it seems to work fine . The temperature response of the base unit , which is mounted just above my thermostat and my humidistat takes much longer to show the same temperature as the thermostat when the thermostat setback reverts to a warmer temperature in the morning . Once it does , though the two temperatures correspond well . The % relative humidity seems to be fairly accurate but might be reading a little high compared to the setting on my humidistat . But that could be because we live in a relatively humid climate . I will know more when we get lower humidity during our summer dry spells . In general I am pleased with this product .
 i love this thing . the only thing is , the monitor is in area 20 ' away , and every day i have to `` search '' for the signal from it . it loses contact with the unit . there are two walls in between ...
 After a month of use and calibration , I can honestly say this is one of the finest hygrometer/thermometer units I 've ever used . The range on the supplied remote unit is also superb -LRB- it 's actually sitting in my basement while the main unit resides on the uppermost floor two storeys up -RRB- , although it 's accuracy appears to be slightly less than the main unit , as one would expect.If you 're looking for a good quality and yet inexpensive digital hygrometer , look no further !
 I got this primarily to get a reading for the outside temp . It has a separate , wireless monitor that I placed outside my window -LRB- between the window and the screen -RRB- . Interestingly , I find that I use it just as often to check the indoor humidity . Because I live in an apartment , it oftentimes gets dry in the winter , so if I see it falls below 40 % humidity -LRB- the device shows a little frown face -RRB- , then I run my humidifier . The design is also neat and simple , and looks similar to my iMac . Only feature missing is backlight .
 The receiving station is small and attractive , and features a display with adjustable brightness to make it easy to read . It quickly established the connection with the remote sending unit and the atomic clock . The remote sending unit and the base unit agreed very closely when we set them up together to evaluate how well they measure temperature .
 It is very easy to read from across the room which is what we were looking for . I also like the silver and black color that it comes in . We also bought one for my sister-in-law and she is also very happy with hers
 This unit performs well . I 've had it for about a month , and the remote sensor works well . The only minor issues I 've noticed are : - The base unit supports 3 remote monitoring channels . You have to click through each channel to see the remote unit temperature . Most people will only have one remote unit , so why ca n't I configure the base unit to ignore the other two channels ? It 's time consuming to always click through the two blank channels.-No AC adapter . You will always need a steady supply of batteries , especially for the remote unit . Batteries die quicker in cold temperatures.-There are four little screws on the remote unit used to create a water tight seal . They are annoying to remove and replace each time the battery dies.-The base unit must be rebooted when you change batteries in the remote unit in order to reliably find the remote unit . The directions warn you about always starting the remote unit before the base unit .
 Living in an old Victorian house there is quite a bit of temperature variation between the floors . This allows me to monitor the conditions everywhere including the basement and outside form one central point . Definitely more than worth it .
 Bought this after we had a patio added onto our house because I wanted to be able to read indoor temp/outdoor temp/patio temp all in one place . Works perfectly .
 This remote unit is placed inside a small wine refrigerator . The display is placed on top of the fridge . It measured min and max values as well . I have not compared it with another thermometer , but it works as well as I need it to . I am very happy with it .
 I selected this product because of the Honeywell name and it was a good choice . The unit works great and shows temp and humidity both inside and outside automatically switching between them .
 Works as specified . Unit was received prior to delivery date . Replacement for wired -LRB- through wall -RRB- unit that was decades old -LRB- Taylor -RRB- that had served it 's time and failed . Both units read accurately . Easy set up . Good value for price and options . For cold weather climates-like Cleveland-definitely recommend Lithium batteries as suggested .
 It 's hard to know if the readings are precise but they are pretty close . It gives you a good estimate of humidity which was my concern . After buying it I installed a built-in humidifier for my furnace and it registered the humidity quite close to the control pad for the humidifier . Good enough value for the price . The outside temperature feature is pretty accurate also .
 I have actually made alot more use of this than I originally intended . I have several remote units and monitor temperature/humidity for the outside porch and garage , as well as the interior of the house . I use it to help me manage humidity in the house during peak summer and also to judge when my portable AC has done its work in the garage before I venture out there . I am able to dress appropriately when I leave for work in the mornings and can judge when best to go mow the yard at the weekends . I 'm really not sure that I could manage without it now I have it .
 My husband and I are enjoying this product . The first unit shipped did n't work , but the manufacturer replaced it within days and the second unit works exactly as described . Its range is limited to the 150 feet noted in the setup instructions , but applies vertically as well as horizontally
 I have a couple of these in charcuterie curing & drying chambers . I tested them with calibrated hygrometers and they were accurate to w/in one degree temp and 1 degree RH . I guess it is the luck of the draw , but I observe mine several times daily & It 's nice to know my chambers are optimal
 I purchased this thermometer to monitor my 28 bottle wine fridge . It was easy to set-up and tracks the temp and humidity well .
 have had this for 3 months now and does a great job of monitoring temperature and humidity . having the remote sensor allows me to monitor different parts of the house . highly recommended .
 I bought this unit to monitor humidity in my home . I live in florida , and the humidity often fosters mold growth and other allergenic problems , which is not good for my asthma and allergies . By watching the display , I know exactly when to turn my dehumidifier up/down . Is also useful for confirming the functionality of your thermostat , which is a concern in my very old apartment building . Was easy to set up when I first bought it over 6 months ago . Have n't had to think about it or touch it since , which has come as a relief .
 Very pleased with the Honeywell thermo-hygrometer . I use it to monitor humidity inside a metal security container , and was pleasantly surprised it has a strong enough signal to transmit outside the metal container even with the door closed . Seems accurate and very easy to read.Be mindful of the directions -- if you need to change batteries on the remote unit , you must remove the batteries from the base unit afterwards to reset it so the 2 of them will sync .
 This works great . The temp is accurate , and the base unit never looses comunication like some other unit 's I 've tried . The only negative is the base unit goes thru batteries quickly -LRB- a set a month ? -RRB- . I bought rechargeables .
 We bought this to replace a `` weather station '' thermo-hydrometer with remote , that never worked . But this Honeywell ROCKS !
 I initially balked at the idea of a wireless , battery-powered weather unit , but decided to give this a shot because of the reviews here . The unit pairs quickly with the remote sensor , and once the two pair up , you 're good to go . You can set the unit to cycle between the local and remote units automatically or manually . The temperature and humidity readouts are large enough to read from across the room.So far , I 've only had experience with my unit during the winter months , but I 've had no issues to report . The remote sensor is out in the back yard , probably about 50 feet away from the base unit . The temperature reported are pretty close to what the local weather channel reports.My only complaint is that there is no option for AC power . For something like this , it 'd be nice to just plug it in , rather than have one more pair of batteries slowly draining .
 I have had this Honeywell thermometer for over a month and found it to be easy to set up , convenient to read , accurate , and at a good price . I did find that at low temperatures -LRB- 30 deg . or lower -RRB- you can loose signal to the remote -LRB- even with using lithium batteries -RRB- , but pressing the `` search button '' brings it back shortly on line .
 I had an old Indoor/Outdoor thermometer which broke after 20 years , and I replaced it with this . So far I am very pleased . I tested the temperature reading of the remote to the base unit , and then both of these to the wall thermostat controlling the Heat/AC . Also checked it with another `` tube '' indoor thermometer . The remote and the base unit agreed with each other and the tube thermometer while they were all within 1 degree of the wall thermostat . I did notice that when you hold the remote in your hand , the heat from your hand will make the remote go up . It will take several minutes for the base and remote to stabilize once you handle them . The base unit can handle up to 3 remotes , but the price of each additional remote is as much as the original package including the base unit ... why is that ? Have n't had it long enough to test the battery longevity . I have the remote in the garage right now , which is about 20 feet away , and the signal goes through a wall and a floor . It 's functional . Would be better if the readout on the base was backlit when you pressed a button . But at least the numbers are large and easy to read .
 This is a good product but it is important to remember that you line them up in the same room and the temps are all within one to one point four . degrees and the RH are within two to two and a half percent of each other . I have n't calibrated the product yet , but so far I 'd consider them a good deal . The display is nice with large readable numbers . I had purchased a wireless a unit from kmart earlier this year , but was n't impressed with the quality and their measurement accuracy . I ended up returning them . These Honeywell units are much better . I have the base station and 1 remote . I 've installed new insulation and an unvented roof in my portch . I use them to monitor temp and humidity in my basement , living room , and the roof eves .
 no real complaints about this at all . i have an older wireless unit in another part of the house and they do not interfere with each other , and they read within a degree of each other . i do wish i could se the display to show indoor/outdoor instead of indoor/humidity , but that 's minor . this thing does the job !
 Not a lot to add to what 's already been said , except that instead of getting the extra sensors separately you 're better off buying the main unit + one sensor x3 , same cost and you get three `` home units '' as I 've found the remote sensors could communicate with several `` home units '' at the same time . I guess they `` take turns '' , at least it works for two , about to try with 3 . Would be perfect if it had a clock/sat sync/alarm ans possibly a backlight !
 I receive the meter two days ago and It works perfect . The comunication between remote reader outside and main reader is very good . Excellent choice for humidity measure . No more wondering : -RRB-
 I bought one of these units because I needed to monitor the temperature inside my refrigerator . I wanted to know if it was too warm for my food , too cold for my insulin , or right on the money ... it was both . The thermometer indicated that it was sometimes too cold and sometimes too warm , so I got another compact refrigerator for my insulin , and set the main refrigerator to be cold.I tried using a conventional thermometer to check the temperature inside my refrigerator , but by the time I was able to read what it said , it had warmed up a degree or two , so I decided to look for a thermometer that had a transmitter that I could place inside the refrigerator , and monitor the temperature inside the refrigerator without having to open it . This unit was perfect.One thing they do n't mention is that the main unit that sits inside your house is also a thermometer . You can see what the temperature is where ever you set the base unit , plus you can have up to three other units that you can use to monitor the temperature in other areas . For $ 25 , this is well worth the money . I 'd highly recommend it .
 Perfect for our wine cellar ! We keep the display unit in our office upstairs , so that we can monitor the wine cellar 's humidity and temp at all times . I only wish the display numbers were a little more black , instead of a dark gray , so they would stand out more .
 I bought this a while back and it works great ! I have the main hub sitting right under my computer screen and can keep an eye on any temp and humidity indoors and out . Has 3 different wireless channels and can read the temp and humidity very accurately ! I would strongly recommend it !
 I have purchased 4 different hygrometers and none even come close to this Honeywell . It 's so easy to use , very accurate , and it looks great . The display is large and clear . You can read it from across the room .
 First off , I did not really measure the accuracy because I do n't have a calibrated standard towhich I can check the readings . However I did get some telling data from the two sets of meters that I bought , i.e. 2 Display units and 2 Remote units or 4 sensors in total . I compared their readings to each other to see how they track and how quickly they track a change in ambient conditions . These Honeywell units , by the way , are 1-3 months old .1 st Test
 It is so nice when things just work great out of the box . This thermo-hygrometer is one of those things . Pop in 4 AA batteries -LRB- 2 in main unit , 2 in remote unit -RRB- , synchronize the remote unit with the local unit -LRB- press a button -RRB- , and now you can measure temperature and humidity in two separate rooms.The main unit is big with a large font for easy reading . It is a little bigger than two iPods side-by-side . The main unit has a stand in the back so it can stand up on its own.The remote unit is a little bigger than an iPod nano . It is freestanding and has a smaller display -LRB- about the size of a digital watch display -RRB- . The remote unit has a red light which indicates when it is talking to the main unit.Switching from the main unit temperature to the remote unit requires only a single press of the button . The main unit supports up to 3 remote units . You could put one in your basement , one in your upstairs , one in a garage , and still have the main unit for your first floor . That is just awesome!I could n't be happier with this product .
 My husband is a luthier and we live in a humid environment , so it 's imperative that he keep the humidity in check . This hygrometer fits easily inside his guitar drying cabinet and the large displays are easy to read . The accuracy seems to be right on the mark and has helped him to improve his techniques ! I would receommend this to everyone !
 My new love is growing orchids in my house in a high desert region . With this wonderful device I can keep track of the humidity and temp . in the areas I have put them . I added two additional wireless sensors to the main base so I can check different locations in my house from one room . It has three channels making it possible to keep track of four different areas -LRB- including where the main base is -RRB- .
 I placed the monitor on my desk next to my computer , the remote relays my green house conditions . easy to set up and use . it looks well built . time will tell if it last . i got a great price . one great buy .
 Nice display . Picks up on remote sensor easily . Listed for outdoor use but recommends against exposure to sun , rain or wind . Not sure how this will work over time .
 I have owned this for a few years now and use it everyday . I have great difficulty breathing when the humidity gets too high . This tells me if it is too humid outside for me to be comfortable . Also the temp . is very accurate . Recommend to all .
 Nice display . Sips on batteries . I think they last for about two years . Monitors the humidity in my guitar room perfectly . Complete recommendation .
 Very good indoor/outdoor Themometer . Will made & gives accurate readings Readings are extra large & easy to read.I recomend it
 This Honeywell product works very well , in or out doors it will do the job just fine.Don ' t pass this one up ! It really works well ! Easy to read too ! Price is also good !
 I 've had this for the past 4 weeks and it works just fine . I previouly had a `` mechanical '' humidity reader . I have them both side by side now and the readings are always consistent with eachother .
 I have a need to humidify in my home during the winter months when the electric heat is on . It 's bad for my skin and my lungs . I had a really cheap `` hygrometer '' , made I suspect to look good mounted on the wall . Humidity is really kind of an odd thing to measure . As someone mentioned relative humidity is best measured with a sling hygrometer , and even then I 'd guess making the measurement can be bungled . So I did a little research and found the most likely to work well is the mechanical type -LRB- I believe a got a Conan -LRB- ? -RRB- -RRB- that I knew I could trust , and also picked up this Honeywell kit because I could n't resist the price . I 've not had any problem with syncing mentioned by others . I finally replaced the batteries on general principles after about 18 months and the only difference I noticed was that the big display was easier to read from across the room . Anyway , when I first got the pair I checked them side by side for several hours . Temperature readings were within 0.3 or 0.4 degrees . Humidity read 2 % different -LRB- and about 4 to 6 % lower than the mechanical unit -RRB- . The difference seems to be about the same at 30 % and 60 % . I have used the remote unit in my garage -LRB- unheated and uninsulated -RRB- where it reads 30 % to 75 % depending on the weather and season . I 've also used it in both the fridge and the freezer where both the temperature and humidity readings seem to make sense.Overall , I 'm very pleased with the units , especially for the super low price ! I ended up getting a Kenmore 5 gal humidifier , which by the way is a great unit , mainly because of the low fan noise . It also has a built in hygrometer which seems to read fairly close to the other units and is probably adequate for humidifying needs , in retrospect . But I use the Honeywell all the time to satisfy my curiosity . I 've considered getting another 1 or 2 remote sensors , but for $ 4 more than the price of 1 remote , you can get a spare base unit . The high/low memory is useful if you 're a curious sort too . I 'm happy - would do it again.Addendum
 The Hygrometer works efficiently and fast to adjust to change . It was a very good purchase for the money and works well .
 I have found this item to be accurate and easily read . I bought it to monitor the relative humidity in the room where we have located a fine piano , the tuning of which depends upon the consistency of humidity . I can not comment upon the remote as we do not use it .
 Received it ready to go , and installed it the same day . Remote provides convenient readings of Temp & Humidity with no hookup required . Performs well as I had hoped
 I was very impressed with both the design and quality of this thermometer . The display is very easy to read from a distance , and the remote unit also has a display so you can check the readings while outdoors - I placed ours on the front porch -LRB- away from the sun -RRB- so we can check on the way out . I have the main unit in a bedroom , about 50 ft from the remote , and get a strong signal through several walls . I also like getting humidity readings for both inside and out .
 Great product for anyone concerned about humidity levels in the home . Very easy to use - just put the batteries in and it starts working right away .
 I bought 2 sets of this product , so I have two base stations and two remote sensors . I put them all side by side , along with two other older Bionaire units that may be the predecessor of the model , because the design look the same as the base station . All 6 units show temperature within a 1 degree F . The Honeywell units read higher humidity than the Bionaire , by about 5 % , which is very good , and that 's really all one would ever need for home use . Older analog humidity sensors are highly untrustworthy in my experience.The reason I bought 2 sets is because I wanted two remote sensors , one in my screened porch for outdoor conditions and one for the basement . I only need 1 base station , but the cost of the set is almost the same as the remote sensor , so it makes sense to buy 2 sets . each base station will read up to 3 sensors , but they would be the same 3 . So in my case , both base stations monitor the basement and the outdoor conditions.A lot of people run a dehumidifier in the basement , which is really like running an air conditioner without venting the heat and moisture outdoor , so it can get the basement quite warm . In the summer , even when the main floor is not so warm , i would run the AC . The cooler dry air naturally goes down to the basement if I leave the door open . This cuts down the use of the dehumidifier a lot . They use about the same amount of power -LRB- 500W or so -RRB- . The AC vents the heat and moisture outdoor , keep the house more comfortable , so it 's a better use of the same electric power.On a hot day , when the sun goes down , the outside temperature cools off and one is tempted to turn off the AC and open the windows . However , quite often the outdoor humidity gets high at the same time , because the air holds a lot more moisture when it 's hot . So the air cools off the relative humidity may become very high . Opening the windows would save energy on the AC , but it would immediately raise the humidity in the basement and cause the dehumidifier to run , consuming the same power saved by the AC . Only when the outside air is both cool and dry , I would open the windows . Having this Honeywell system lets me make this kind of decisions that I could n't otherwise make . It minimizes the use of the dehumidifier in the basement and keeps the house more comfortable in the summer . In the winter , the air is dry indoor and outdoor , I do n't really need an outdoor sensor . It 's better to keep the extra sensor inside so that the battery wo n't die . *** Notes added on 4/27/2011 *********** After using this product for about 9 months , I have replaced the batteries on all three base station . Each of them started with a fresh pair of Duracell AA alkalines , lasted between 6 to 8 months . The remote sensors are still on their initial batteries . Clearly , the difference is in the large LCD display of the base units . I am now using rechargeable NiMH batteries -LRB- Sanyo Enerloop AA or other `` precharged '' kind . -RRB- That should cut down the long term cost and it 's better for the environment . That the alkaline Duracell in the outdoor sensor survived through the winter is the pleasant surprise . The sensor is located in a screened porch , protected from rain or snow . The manual recommends Li battery , which is much more expensive . I would continue to use regular alkalines .
 The initial operation looks excellent . I got two of these for the office and home so had 4 units to test out . All of them read the same after they acclimated so the factory calibration is consistent . I did n't have a humidity reference but they did match my home thermostat for temperature . The real test is to see how they operate over the long term.For some of the negative reviews , this unit is not made by Honeywell but by Hideki and sold under the Honeywell brand . Hideki is not a no name company , but a large multinational company that has been around 20 years . They 're just relatively new to the US.For the hygrometer taking a while to adjust after a reset , that is expected . All electronic hygrometers take a couple hours to stabilize after being reset or moved into a new location .
 I make cheese as a hobby and bought this unit from Amazon to measure temp and humidity in my fridge and in future cheese aging cave , -LRB- recipes , results and pictures in forum -LSB- ... -RSB- Received this small gauge and remote sensor in standard huge plastic bubble package and even bigger Amazon cardboard box -LRB- ie ratio of about 1000:1 of box to actual unit -RRB- . Needed sharp knife to open package , own 4 AA batteries and very small -LRB- not jewellers size -RRB- either slot or philips + screwdriver to install them in remote . As per directions , loaded batteries in remote first then base station . Observations :1 -RRB- The remote unit is larger than expected at roughly 1 '' x 2 '' x 4 '' , is not sun - rain weatherproof , and has it 's own very small LCD readout screen .2 -RRB- The base station is also a standalone humidity and temp gauge on Channel IN for indoors .3 -RRB- Both units have back switches for celsius or fahrenheit .4 -RRB- Initially with units placed side by side , my base read 4 F and 1 % humidity higher than remote . Lovely , but after 5 minutes the base station had `` corrected '' itself to very similar temperature as remote unit .5 -RRB- Remote unit broadcasts it 's readings with red LED flash to master unit about every 45 seconds .6 -RRB- Instructions in French , English , Spanish to please all three North American Countries ! 7 -RRB- Works as expected .
 Very nice . can show temp-humidity level for 4 different areas including outdoors . It comes with one wireless transmitter that can be used outdoors or somewhere else in the house , like to check levels in a basement . It can sit on a counter/shelf or hang on a wall . It can read up to 3 wireless transmitters , but only comes with one . I have not been able to find where to get another transmitter , so that feature is a little frustrating . the read out is nice and big , but only shows one area at a time . It would be nice if the readout showed at least two of the areas .
 I purchased this product to measure the humidity in my bedroom . It is easy to use and seems to be accurate .
 The wireless hygrometer is really very good . It gives an accurate outside/inside temp and humidity . I especially like the fact that it has a setting where is continually switches from outside to inside .
 I hesitated to buy this product because of accuracy complaints . I went ahead and took the plunge buying two units which I found to be within a reasonable range of one another . I gave one of the units away and then realized I could actually use a few more . So a bought two more . I just set all three of them up on my dresser and waited an hour . Here are the results . Unit 1 70.5 / 38 % , Unit 2 69.8 / 39 % , Unit 3 69.8 / 39 % , the remote units measured 69/38 , 69/38 , 69/39 . This speaks well for consistency . As to accuracy , my Weather Channel thermometer read 69.8 during the test . My console humidifier read 42 % but it was in another room .
 I have used a number of these type in/out thermometers in the past . This was easy to set up and is great to use.The numbers are very large and easy to see . And the link to the outside unit stays strong.My only two issues , which are really non-issues , are that I would have liked the indoor temperature to be visible as well . Perhaps in a smaller text size . And the unit is just a tad big . I would have preferred it a bit smaller . Again these are minor issues.Overall this is the best such unit I have used and would highly recommend it .
 Have n't had the unit very long so keep that in mind . I 'll update if the status changes.I purchased a Soleus Air Dehumidifier -LRB- see review -RRB- and decided it would be wise to verify that the dehumidifier did actually work properly , that is , it brought the humidity down to the selected level -LRB- 50 % -RRB- , then the compressor turned off.This device and the dehumidifier are working in synch !
 The device seems to work well for both temperature and humidity . I have one remote sensor in a humidor . The other is in the bedroom . The differences in humidity in the 2 locations are as expected . Temperature readings are as expected . I have not independently assess accuracy but the humidor runs 65 % humidity versus 40-60 % in the bedroom . I toggle between the 2 locations with ease . I am planning to buy 2 more remote sensors ; the device supports 3 sensors .
 After buying a different thermometer which was very inaccurate , I purchased this one , largely trusting the Honeywell name . We are very pleased with its accuracy and easy to read numbers . My wife suffers from fibromyalgia and is extremely sensitive to heat and cold . This thermometer is heavily depended upon - and we are very happy with it .
 Easy to set up and use , easy to read , and accurate . A great value .
 So far as I can tell this is a very well made product and seems to be very accurate .
 The device does just what you would hope . Big LCD numbers can be seen from across the room . No wires , just a couple AA batteries . The outside sending unit also has a small display of its temp and humidity , if that helps . The only fault that one could find is that it displays EITHER the outside numbers OR the inside numbers . Not both at once . A button toggles between inside , and one , two , or three remote senders . Range of sending unit not tested . Durability - we 'll see .
 Conveniently allows monitoring of humidity anbd temperature from places hard to get to . Reset buttons are inconveniently placed behind battery panel and remote signal occasionally lost .
 Works as advertised ; pretty consistent readings from base and remote units . I bought a 2nd set and they all work together . I 'm quite happy . I 'm using them strictly indoors to monitor temperatures throughout my house .
 My Radio Shack wireless unit started to produce wacky humidity readings , so it was time for a new Thermo-Hygrometer . Relative Humidity is notoriously difficult to measure accurately , so I will not comment on the accuracy of my unit except to say that it agrees well with other sources . This is a good basic unit at a very low price .
 This combo thermometer and hygrometer is relatively good . The large display can be seen many feet away . Temperature seems fairly accurate when compared to its remote and 2 other termometers I have . But relative humidity is ... well , relative . Internal reliability is poor with a 10 % difference between the main unit and the remote . And both units were way apart from the other 2 hygrometers I 've have -LRB- tho internal reliability with them is a problem too -RRB- . But when it 's dry , both register in the lower range and when it 's wet both register in the higher range . But if humdity is important to you , look elsewhere.The other complaint I have is that the unit can be paired with 2 other remote units but I have been unable to find out how or where to purchase another remote unit . However I still have to cycle thru blank displays remotes 2 & 3 before getting back to the main display on the primary unit .
 I love this little guage -LRB- well , 2 guages -RRB- . It was easy to set up and I have the main unit in my living room , and the 2nd in my bedroom . It 's easy to see what the humidity levels are on the 2 floors I have the units . It 's pretty accurate as well . The temperature is almost spot on to what my thermostat reading says and I like the fact I can see if I need to tune down the humidifier upstairs if it 's getting too high in humidity . Honeywell does n't disappoint . Great product !
 It seemed to take 3-4 hours right out of the box to start giving the exact indoor/outdoor readings . It works very well and is quite accurate but needs to be close to the house if the temperature readout device needs to be placed where more than one wall is between device and sending unit .
 This wireless thermometer & hygrometer is a great value and very useful for your home needs . The ability to add additional units is also appealing . Set up is straight forward and not too difficult . If you are using in below freezing conditions , it is advised that you use lithium batteries for your outdoor unit . With alkaline batteries the colder weather has a tendency for the outdoor unit to go dormant for brief periods of time . Extreme fluctuations in temperature may also cause condensation which may also have the unit go dormant . The features on this unit for the price are hard to beat . I definitely recommend this product .
 I bought this for my husband , for Christmas , and it has worked great . The biggest problem is placing the outside unit in a proper place because of bad weather . We had to move it to the front porch to protect it from a snow storm but when the sun comes up the porch gets warm and the temperature reads to high . Besides that , the whole family loves seeing how cold it is outside .
 I wanted to check out for a year or so the temperature and humidity in our new home 's crawl space . This thermometer and humidity unit has a remote sensor that sends both temperature and humidity to the main unit . This will work great so I can see what it 's like down there with seasonal changes . It was easy to set up and the unit has been working fine .
 I 've been very impressed with this thermometer - especially considering the low cost . Very easy to use and setup . The max and min features are great . My only complaint is that you have to cycle through all channels -LRB- Indoor , Ch1 , Ch2 , and Ch3 -RRB- even if you only have 1 sensor unit . This gets a bit annoying but is not a big thing .
 I bought the base unit plus two remote sensors , one with the probe.I had some initial problems setting up the units . You absolutely MUST read the instructions and activate the remote sensors first . You must also use the reset button . If you do not , the units will not be found by the base . You finish the installation by powering up the base unit.The units feature LCD readouts . The readouts on the remotes are okay , but do not plan to be reading them from across the room or from twenty feet away like a regular thermometer . The base readout is large and easily read . I did not have any problems with reflections except in direct sunlight . That had been noted as a problem in other reviews.One final comment . If you live in northern climes , expect to pay a premium for batteries . Below 32 F / 0 C they recommend lithium batteries . Rechargeable do not work with the unit -LRB- too low a voltage apparently -RRB- . Alkalines may or may not work according to the instructions . With eight lithium batteries needed for a complete setup , you could spend an additional $ 20 for batteries .
 I wanted an inside/outside thermometer . After reading numerous reviews I settled on this one in spite of several negative comments . When I set it up , I did not exactly follow the directions , but just put the batteries in . The main unit immediately picked up the outside unit which was probably about 30 feet from the main unit . The remote unit is on the front porch out of the Sun and wind . The main unit sits on my desk and is way from the wall.It does just what I want . I want to know what the outside temperature is when I am ready to go out . Official weather readings can be somewhat different , so I prefer a local reading . Inside , it matches fairly closely to my central air thermostat -LRB- which is probably really inadequate -RRB- and outside closely to the Weather Channel reports.About every five seconds it changes readings . The outside readings are marked by a wireless symbol and a channel number . I do n't pay much attention to the minimum and maximum , so I ca n't comment as to what time period they refer to . Mainly , here in south Texas I do n't have to worry about minimum temperatures below freezing.Update Nove 26 , 2011The remote is about 30 feet on the back porch . There are five walls between them . Ocassionally the unit stops working . By Searching and changing channels it works again . Overall , I am still pleased with it .
 Just what I wanted , works great . It has large numbers , unlike some other models that have a bunch of useless info on them making it harder to read . If you are interested in temp and humidity only this is for you .
 Kept both units side by side to check for consistacy for 3 days - they both gave the same readings . Moved the remote one to the basement to monitor the moisture there , Main unit in the living room 1 floor up Signal from remote transmits to main unit perfectly . Main unit is very easy to read-nice large numerals on dispaly . Small additional read out on remote unit is a bonus . Highly recommended !
 Easy to use , works as advertised , and the numerals on the indoor reporting unit are so large that the temperatures can easily be read even by old eyes in dim light . The absolute accuracy is questionable
 It is very helpful because just a casual glance tells you what the temperature and humidity are .
 As I live is a very humid part of the country , the TM005X is very useful product as I need to control the humidity in my home and garage . While I find the product useful , I have not found Honeywell TM005X to measure humidity very accurate . Watching the reading of the two remote sensors , the Honeywell TS33C , and the main unit in the same spot , none read the same and none agree with two other Acurite hydrometers that do read consistently the same . The Honeywell readings very over a range of 5 percent . I called and asked the manufacturer whether I had defective units and they said no , their TM005X and TS33C products readings will vary . I think they should be more accurate . The temperature readings all agree .
 I bought this to keep track of conditions in the baby 's room . After buying a color changing egg , I got tired of getting up and peeking into the room to see what the temp was . Then I bought a wireless color changing egg which interfered with the monitor . I finally bought this one and am pleased . I should 've bought this first . There is no interference and the remote unit is small , plain and unobtrusive which means that the baby does n't try to play with it all the time if it winds up in reach . Set up was super easy . The fact that you can add two more remote units is nice . The only thing that it is lacking is a backlight on the main unit . Honeywell , if you read this , add a backlight and sell it at baby stores and you 'll sell many more .
 I bought this product for my customer . We have just started retrofit foaming houses . The critical issue is making sure that the humidity in the attic is being controlled properly after the foam has been installed . All of the bathroom exhaust fans must be filtered out of the attic to a soffit vent as well as the kitchen exhaust . In order for the customer to monitor their own attic we have started purchasing this product as part of the health and safety protocol.Happy to report that this product works excellent . I love the big display that is easy to see across the room .
 The product looks very nice and has a large display . I wanted a large digital hygrometer . That was the primary reason I bought it . I think it works well . The termperature read out is about 1 degree higher than other digital termperature gauges that I have . I bought two of these and the temperature difference seems to be the same in both locations so I assume it is part of the design . Either it is more accurate than others I have or it is off by about 1.2 degrees on the high side . Do n't know which , but I think it is about 1.2 degrees on the high side . So for instance , when this items reads 76 degress , my other digital temperature gauge reads 74.8 degrees . But , overall , I like it and for the price it seems very well made . Even has a remote sensor . Not sure how accurate the hygrometer is , but it 's relative humidity so it is really the changes I am interested in and it works very nicely .
 I purchased two of these for an expansion to my data center . They are sensitive and the remotes are helpful for operations staff to stay on top of any temperature of humidity fluctuations.Good product .
 Excellent local thermometer and has up to three remotes possible . Only got one remote with original but will purchase two more .
 This item works very well for what intent of use is . It measures the temperature and humidity fairly accurately . It was an easy setup as well .
 A solid product at a fair price . The outside sensor works fine , as long as you find a spot out of direct sunlight . Easy to hang and the battery installation was no big deal . Large legible readings , and the setting for indoor/outdoor cycling of the readings is convenient . Is it accurate to a scientific degree , I dont know , but why would you need that in its most common usage ?
 I ordered this after discovering that my son and fiance are allergic to dust mites . After a little research , we discovered that dust mites thrive in higher humidity levels . The hydrometer helps us to keep tabs on the humidity levels upstairs and downstairs . Works perfect & does n't take up very much space at all !!
 This product is very useful and has been dependable in the few months I 've had it . It 's larger than I 'd expected -LRB- my previous one was about half the size -RRB- but that makes the LCD screen very easy to read from across the room . I highly recommend it .
 Bought to keep an eye on humidity levels this winter . Wow the forced air heat really kills humidity . I bought a humidifier after I saw how low it was getting -LRB- ~ 20 % -RRB- . I keep one in the bedroom and one downstairs . Love how I can see the remote temp on the main display . Also that you can see temp/humidity levels on the remote unit . Pretty accurate , at least it matches my digital thermostat.Bought from amazon at $ 24 , would n't pay the current $ 47 though .
 I bought this unit and three remote sensors , and it allows me to easily see the temperature in four rooms . Works great except that occasionally it loses connection with one of the detectors on the floor above . Fortunately that 's easy to fix by pressing a button on the main unit and waiting a minute .
 I read a lot of reviews and overall this got the best . Some of the bad reviews say that if you set it next to each other , they will display different temps and humidity . This was true but I found that if left alone for an extended period of time they would start reading very close , if not the same as each other . The slightest breeze or humidity of holding either unit in your hand changed what was displayed . I only got one remote sencer but after using this for a few weeks now , Ill probably get another one for the garage . Its a nice little unit !
 We have been using the HoneywellWireless Thermo-Hygrometer for only about a week , but so far it appears to be operating perfectly . We followed the instructions carefully , and installed lithium batteries in the remote sensor -LRB- because the low temperatures here in Minnesota are below freezing for half the year -RRB- . Other reviewers have questioned the units accuracy with respect to humidity , but our unit appears to be giving reasonably accurate percentages both indoors and out .
 Handy because you can place the receiver/display just about anywhere in the house . And it worked the first time I installed batteries in the display and sensor even though I failed to heed the directions to install the sensor batteries first before the `` main unit . '' The temperature readout seems to track several other thermometers both inside and outside and the humidity readout tracks local Internet weather sources . All things considered , the TM005X is worth every penny of its very reasonable price .
 I wanted to get a handle on the moisture levels in my basement , so I can correct any humidity problems . I saw a show on TV about the demons of mildew , mold , and little creatures too small for our eyes to see , and they all were aggravated by excessive humidity . I used to run a dehumidifier , but that cost $ 50 per month in electricity , because it is like an air conditioner . So I placed a fan in a window on one end , and opened a window on the other . I wanted to know if placing a fan on both ends would give me much better results . How would I know ? So in steps the hygrometer . Ok now that I have bored you with the specifics , let me talk to you about the product.First off , if you want to buy an additional sensor , get 2 complete units instead . Why ? Because for only a few dollars more , and I mean a tiny few , you get 2 whole complete packages , including the main unit , and a sensor . So why are they charging so much for just the sensor . I guess it is gotcha reasoning . So then I thought maybe the sensor from the second unit would not work as a third unit , and even would both mains give you readouts that would make sense from both sensors ; you know , would it be confusing with different readouts in different positions , having to factor in some channel adjustment or something . With the price so close , I thought I would just take a chance . I am glad I did . It all works beautifully.So what the design is ; the main unit displays the temperature and humidity at the main unit location . By pressing the channel button , you get the temp and humidity from location 1 -LRB- Remote sensor is channel 1 , 2 , 3 depending on how many sensors you have -RRB- Not only did I have channel 0 let 's call it , with the main unit , giving me the readings at the main unit , but I also had channel 1 -LRB- accessed by hitting the channel button on the front of the main unit -RRB- , which was the first sensor , and then channel 2 which was the second sensor , and they even have a channel 3 in the event you want to get another sensor . So now I have 2 main units , so let 's say I place one in the bedroom , and one in the kitchen . Now I have 2 places that I can read the levels , and the 2 main units of course are reading levels for the room I am in . So why did this come together beautifully ? Because on the back of the sensors , with the battery cover removed , there is a micro switch that you can set each remote unit to channel 1 , or 2 , or 3 . Bingo , foolproof method.Let me talk a minute about accuracy of the units . First let me say that with wind currents , for lack of a better term , because sunlight for example hitting a wall , will cause a thermal lifting of the air coming off of that wall , and run along the ceiling , and drop down the other side . All of this can wreak havoc on trying to get the same measurement out of 2 units on opposite sides of the room . Notwithstanding that bit of info , if you place 2 of these units side by side , and let them rest/adjust , you still get different readings . How different are they ? They are at times exactly the same , but most of the time ; they vary by a few tenths of a degree . The largest variation I saw was by 1 degree . I also have a Radio Shack unit that I bought a long time ago , and placed all 3 side by side , and that is all the variation I get between the 3 units . So unless you are doing some micro management of temperature and humidity , getting readings that are accurate to within a few tenths of one degree should be all that you need . The moisture levels are measured in whole numbers without the tenths , so I am always getting consistent results with them being perfectly the same . Pertaining to the remote sensors being different in accuracy as some have complained about , I am getting results consistent with the main units . For example I just got 72.5 out of the main unit , and got 72.1 exactly out of both remote sensors , so they were both exactly the same , and varied only by 4 tenths of one degree with the main unit , all in the same location.Wrapping up . These are great little units for the money . I plan on having one main unit in my bedroom , so I can get a fix on how to dress . Another remote sensor will be outside , probably under an eave or something to keep it out of the direct rain , and another remote sensor will be in the basement . The other main unit I have n't figured out yet , where I am going to place that one . I am sure with more use , I can narrow that down.They also make a remote sensor with a 10 foot wire attached to an extended sensor that you can place in direct exposure to a rain area for example . I am curious if I can submerge that units sensor down into a potted plant , so I can get a readout from inside as to whether it is time to water all of my potted plants or not . I have a lot of them outside in a veranda/greenhouse , and if I pick the right pot , that will be indicative of the moisture state in all of the rest of them.I 'm excited about the results I am getting . Be sure to install the batteries in the remote sensors first , and then immediately into the main unit . Keep all the units close together for initial setup . This is a great unit for such a reasonable amount of money . You can read the results all the way across the room because the letters are so large . Great engineering . Highly recommended .
 Just a heads up folks , if you 're going to buy this Honeywell - it is exactly the same as the Meade TM005-X , except with a Honeywell label . The Honeywell that I bought 1.5 yrs . ago even had Meade Scientific on the packgage as the manufacturer . It 's the same unit , so save yourself 20 bucks . I updated this to a 5 star because I have had no problems and it is very accurate . I have seen two different Oregon Scientifics relatives have owned crap out in a year or less - usually the remote goes . My neighbor down the street has the equipment and tracks weather for Weather-Underground , so I check online at that location , and this unit is usually dead on in temp , or a couple of tenths off , and usually within 3-4 tenths in humidity . This is a great unit , just buy the cheaper , identical Meade .
 This item has a very large display for easy reading . Having the remote sensor that can be placed in different locations is very convenient . Setup was easy . I am glad I bought this product .
 For the price I do n't think there is a better digital instrument than this product . The display is accurate and the outdoor temperature reading seems to be within + / - 1 degree F . The humidity seems a bit inaccurate at the higher levels -LRB- above 85 % -RRB- and the specifications indicate it can only read a relative humidity of 90 % maximum . However , excellent product for the price .
 It is simple and worked fine so far . I do not know how long it will last . I like the large display .
 This unit met and exceeded my expectations . It supports up to three remote sensors in addition to the base unit readings . One sensor is behind the wall inside a shed , and the other is outside by a another building . The signal seems rock solid , despite distance and intervening materials .
 I purchased this model because I like the Honeywell brand . The price was higher than other models but they are very accurate and reliable . I also liked the wireless feature so you can check temperature and humidity in two separate rooms by clicking on the channel button . It works very well when you remember to put batteries in the remote unit . I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 This hygrometer turned out to be a great way to monitor my guitars during the winter . I use the remote sensor inside the guitar case . The base unit on my bookshelf boldly displays the humidity level inside the case . Works like a charm . One quirk , the remote sensor eats batteries much faster than the base unit , I now use rechargeable batteries to keep down the cost .
 I 'm satisfied with this purchase . The main unit and remote unit each have a hole on the back for hanging on a wall . The main unit also has a stand integrated into the back so you can sit it on a table or bookshelf . Both units can be set to display Fahrenheit or Celsius . Very easy to set up -- I only glanced at the instructions when the main unit seemed to be looking for remote sensors for a long time -LRB- it will search for 2 minutes -RRB- . I was a little concerned about the accuracy when I read some of the other reviews , but decided to purchase anyway . I uploaded a photo showing the differences in temperature in relation to my programmable thermostat . They all agreed within a couple of degrees , and the humidity measurement was the same for both the main and remote units .
 Until the time I needed to buy a humidifier , I was unaware of digital hygrometer technology . It 's quite cool . I 'm pleased with the performance of this device , which really seems more like a toy than a tool . It 's accurate , as it always seems to be in tune with the thermostat in the house . The wireless sensor feature is really great . Love being able to check the indoor/outdoor temp/humidity with just the touch of a button . Would recommend buying . Totally worth the twenty or so bucks .
 I was most interested in the humidity measurement . I conducted a calibration **** -LRB- See update at end of review -RRB- with a sling psychrometer . A sling psychrometer measures wet bulb/dry bulb temperature and is the least expensive -LRB- albeit a bit tedious to use -RRB- and most accurate way to determine relative humidity -LRB- RH -RRB- . I needed to know relative humidity for curiosity indoors and for a chamber in my basement used to dry cure sausage -LRB- I needed a 70 % RH environment -RRB- . The Honeywell unit was spot on with the sling psychrometer -LRB- and temp . was accurate as well -RRB- . The unit is new ; I need to check it over time for accuracy . However , it 's running very well so far and the price is right . I 'll be buying more remote sensors -LSB- ... -RSB- I found the remote sensor part no . is TS33C , can find them on Amazon with that search -RRB- . The majority of complaints say the humidity is `` off . '' However , I did n't see a single valid calibration conducted.Update 01-March-2009I just took the main unit , the sensor and sling psychrometer . The conditions in my home at time of testing were 68F and 30 % relative humidity.Main unit read 68.4 F/30 % RHThe Sensor
 As an engineer , I am particular about accuracy . Some others have complained about differences between the temperatures and humidity reported by the base and remote when left adjacent to each other . I recognize that the base and remote can have different response time and under varying conditions could be expected to report different numbers even when next to each other . So I decided to perform an informal test . I placed the base and remote in a large picnic cooler with a gallon jug of water -LRB- for its thermal mass -RRB- and waited about 24 hours for everything to come to equilibrium . The temperatures were then identical between the base and remote and the humidity readings were an indicated 5 % different . To take the readings I had to open the cooler . A better test would be done by cutting a window in the cooler and taking readings over time without disturbing the sealed environment surrounding the base and remote.The temperature readings were accurate to about 0.5 degrees of a bulb thermometer that I trust to be accurate . The humidity readings made sense and a difference of only an indicated 5 % I think is very good for an inexpensive instrument.I like that the display can be set to alternate between the base and remote readings . I like the large numerals . I am able to leave the remote out on a screen porch and read the data upstairs . For home use , I do n't think this product could get any better .
 This thermometer/hygrometer has a large , easy to read display . I bought this primarily for the hygrometer and it 's proven to be sensitive and accurate , both indoors and out . The product comes with a wireless outdoor -LRB- or other location -RRB- sensor that is easy to set up . You can add two additional sensors -LRB- not included -RRB- . Although it 's designed to sit on a table or shelf , it can also be hung on the wall . This might affect the hygrometer 's sensitivity since the sensors are on the back . Have n't tried the wall mount .
 Works well except for slight differences in temperature and humidity between base and remote unit . Remote sender is being used for reporting conditions in my greenhouse . It serves that purpose very well.It is a real bargain also .
 I purchased this sytem to monitor the humidity in a basement from the main level . It works great and the base system allows several other remote stations to make keeping track of temperatures and humidity simple .
 The Thermo-Hygrometer arrived on time and in perfect condition . It was well packed and everything is working as expected .
 Honeywell has no engineers . This product consists of two seperate sensors one of which requires specialty tools just to open it to put the batteries in . After that you are supposed to mount it on an outside wall and hope that the wind does not take it and that the batteries operate in winter and rain . I just wanted to know the outside temperature and thought the radio remote sensor would have a small thermocouple or the like that I could put out a window on the attached wire . But no , the entire sensor is to go outside . One weird design that works if you want two sensors in two rooms in a house . It is not an indoor / outdoor device . Very misleading.I should have stayed with Brookstone or Oregon Scientific .
 Was expecting an accurate hygrometer , got two . Instead of putting the satellite hygro/thermometer on the outside of our house , I put it in our daughter 's room , and we can now monitor humidity in her room remotely.Also , the humidity/temp response is very quick , when you pick up the item , the humidity and temp increase after holding it for even just 15 seconds.We 're very satisfied .
 Works great but I feel a little nerdy constantly checking my humidity levels ! Now that I have this I 'm taking around to different areas of the house to see what the levels are there . The remote sensor is so neat .
 I use it for my baby 's room so I can make sure it does n't get too dry especially during the cold days . Very user friendly .
 My only complaint is that the included remote sensor requires a small Phillips screwdriver to install the batteries , which I did n't already have on hand . The display is large and easy to read and it appears to be quite sensitive .
 I purchased this unit for use by the person who checks my Fl Condo during my absences . It was easy to set up and start using and appears accurate , I will ckeck it against other meters to confirm its accuracy .
 No gimmick here ! This product works as stated , I have no problems setting it up or not working properly . Not much elts state . I would recommend this product .
 I put base unit and 2 remote units side by side on a shelf . The humidity on the remotes was within 1 % of each other but the base unit was always 11 % to 12 % lower.Which one is right ???
 I use this to keep track of the temp/humidity in the attic . Helped determine heat loss and correct attic air flow . Great product and cheap too .
 I have purchases 60 to 100 of these Honeywell gauges in the past 6 months . The gauges are priced right but the accuracy is up to 6 percent off . Plus - minus 3 percent . Does not sound like much but if you have a customer that wants one master and two slaves and they read 6 % different side by side it looks like the gauges are junk . As I said before the gauges are the best that I found .
 I tested the main unit 's accuracy using the Boveda One-Step Calibration and am pleased to say that it 's spot-on accurate . The only drawback is the remote 's temp and humidity reading differs slightly from the main unit . A difference of as much as + / -2 .
 Living in Houston Tx where the humidity is enough to make even a reptile choke , it is very helpful to have a device that shows both the outside temperature and humidity . The product is simple and has worked well all summer .
 I enjoy using this product every day . Accurate to about + or - 2 degrees .
 Great product , I use it to monitor the temperature and humidity in my vivariums . I love the fact that I can monitor multiple vivariums with one main unit .
 I calibrated both units before I started relying on them . The remote sensor seems to be way off on humidity -- by about 14 % below the actual level . The main unit is about 3 % below . Of course , once you know this , you can keep it in mind when reading the meter , and the units otherwise produce readings and the main unit picks up the remote sensor with no problem . Overall , the unit served its purpose for me -- to monitor the accuracy of my humidifier 's humidistat and the actual humidity being produced .
 I bought this because I wanted to make sure our house was n't too humid -LRB- or dry -RRB- before buying a humidifier for our baby . it 's quite accurate , both to its additional sensor , and a different sensor , and the display is very readable . I also tested the included 2nd sensor outside , -LRB- quite wet and cold right now here in the NW -RRB- , and it still worked great . I 've purchased an additional sensor -LRB- here on amazon -RRB- , to use in a diff part of the house . highly recommend !
 My son-in-law asked for an indoor/outdoor thermometer and I bought this one . Good price and he 's very happy with it .
 Ordered the Honeywell TM005X to track moisture in the crawlspace after having the space sealed . I placed the remote sensor under the house -LRB- near the center -RRB- and the indoor unit somewhat above the sensor . Has been working great for the past month or so.I 'd have some concern if the outside unit was actually outside of the house . As an original test I placed the unit on the open porch in < 20 degree weather . The indoor unit lost the signal sometime during the night . I suspect the type of batteries used has some impact on this situation . That 's not an issue for me as the crawlspace is conditioned.As always , Amazon 's service was A + !
 Both the base station and remote unit were reasonable accurate -LRB- tested against calibrated hygrometer -RRB- . For < $ 25 you 're getting two thermometer/hygrometers - so it 's a great value . It would be nice if you could view more than one reading at a time , but as is the unit is easy to use and read .
 Works most of the time . I have the sensor probably 75 feet away from the display -LRB- line of sight with a triple pane window between display and sensor -RRB- - it drops sync every now and then -LRB- every couple of weeks or so -RRB- . I need to remove the battery in the display to get it to sync back up . Other than that - works great ...
 Environments that are overly humid or overly dry are bad for you , especially if you have breathing problems or sensitive skin . I thought I was keeping a pretty good environment until I started keeping logs with this little guy . I live near Seattle and it 's frequently way too wet or way too dry , having this tool helped me correct my environment as needed and I 've breathed easier this year for it .
 This product works excellent , the remote unit are in another room than principal unit with walls in the middle and there is no problem about signal ... !! And the prices is good for it , if someone needs a hygrometer I recomend it .
 A simple but great device to show indoor and outdoor temperature and humidity.Exactly what I need . Easy installation . So affordable!Will get another one for my Mom !
 I purchased this as a 2nd Hygrometer for my home . I wanted to see if the temp/humidity levels were consistent with my existing Hygrometer.I am happy with the device so far . The base unit and remote unit always have their humidity levels off by 5/6 % . I believe the base unit is more accurate for measuring humidity .
 This product works just as described . The humidity ratings are great , and the temperature is very accurate . I leave the wirless sensor in the bathroom to measure and control the humidity , so I know when to turn on the dehumidifier until I reach the desired humidity level . The sensor picked up the signal immediately .
 This is exactly what i wish to buy in order to have a better idea of the wheather in my area , very precise temperature and big numbers to read it at certain distance , the transmitter works even at more than 100 feet . .
 We 've found this to give a good basic reading of temp and humidity . And having the one remote reader included allows lots of options for what to measure . Easy to set up and operate
 the product was easy to set up and seems to work great . I purchased it to monitor humidity in our crawl space . i might by an additional remote for outside temp . I highly recommend it .
 The thermo-hygrometer was bought as a gift for my father . Here is what he says about it `` The thermo-hygrometer is especially useful to me in that , living in an apartment on the fifth floor with no access to the outdoors , when wishing to know the temperature outside , I need only to push a switch to have that number displayed on the indoor unit . I am very satisfied with the product and would recommend it . ''
 Gives accurate humidity readings in large lettering . I am using only one remote sensor and that is also working well . My previous instrument did not give exterior humidity , but this one does . Also can be used with two other remote sensors which you purchase separately . My remote is 30 feet away and through a brick and block wall with no problems in transmission .
 The Honeywell TM005X Wireless Thermo-Hygrometer is an excellent product . I use it to monitor the temperature in two locations indoors . The main unit has a large easy-to-read display . The remote unit also has a display . The temperature readings are accurate . I do not know about the accuracy of the humidity readings however , since I do not have an accurate hygrometer to use as a standard .
 I purchased this unit for monitoring the humidity in the crawlspace of my house . Recently I installed a dedumidifier and covered the crawlspace to prevent high humidity . So , the remote wireless sensor unit is mounted under the house and the main unit is at my living room . I like the accuracy and large digital display .
 I purchased this because I wanted a thermometer and hygrometer and have heard about the Honeywell brand before . They are used in many places as sensors . This one also looks great!I ca n't comment on the accuracy -LRB- as opposed to the precision -RRB- as I have not validated the readings against any other instrument yet . The temperature seems to be correct from what I know otherwise though . In some of the other reviews I read the meter gives wrong readings and the main unit and its satellite unit do n't correspond . I have had them both the same place and the temperature corresponds within a degree -LRB- I have n't seen it vary by more than 0.5 deg . C as yet -RRB- . The humidity varies by about 2 % -LRB- maximum -RRB- so far though , but that is n't a big deal for me.Unless you want * absolute * precision , I would recommend this!On the delivery and waiting period , I actually had to wait several months to get this , but I do n't mind since I was n't in a rush -LRB- and Amazon does n't charge you until it is shipped ! :-RRB- -RRB- . They did n't have it in stock I guess , though that was n't stated so on the site .
 Good for what it does
 After a year of use , both the base and remote units are still working perfectly on the original set of batteries . It 's been really convenient to quickly check outdoor temperature and humidity from the bedroom.Note that this unit and the remote sensors are identical to theMeade TM005X-M Wireless Indoor/Outdoor Thermo Hygrometer.Wireless Interference Tip : The only problem we ever experienced with this unit was periodic loss of contact with the remote . When we finally ditched an old Vtech wireless phone system , both this Honeywell unit , and a set of wireless baby monitors , and an HP wireless printer , all suddenly exhibited perfect connectivity . Just wish I 'd figured the problem out sooner .
 As an engineer who struggles with and understands the challenge of measuring an accurate relative humidity -LRB- i.e. wet bulb -RRB- , I appreciate the resolution of this sensor . It is specified as measuring accurate humidity within 1 % . 1 % is pretty darn accurate for the price point of this device ! The dry bulb temperature resolution is 0.2 degrees F , also very accurate.Having used the display and sensor for over a year , I appreciate the no frills , clean approach to how the display is laid out . Battery power on both the remote sensor and the display is excellent . The unit lost signal once which was easily regained by resetting the display.The only caution with the remote sensor is that -LRB- as with all sensors -RRB- you must make sure to place it in a proper temperature neutral location . In other words , if you place the sensor on a south facing patio directly in the sun , you 're sure to see elevated temperatures.Great value for the money . The display gets quite a bit of use especially during the cold midwest winters !
 Was fairly easy to install batteries and set up , and seems to be working well . My 1 outdoor transmitter is probably about 30 feet from receiving unit.Only change I would make is on the outdoor sensor ... it has a small stand and i needed to find a location for it to stand out of weather ... another , older type of outdoor thermometer I used had a bracket housing that the unit would clip into , so it could be mounted on an exterior wall or even under soffit , which is better I think .
 Worked exactly as advertised and I 'm glad that the the 1st -LRB- of 3 possible -RRB- remote units came with the base . I purchased the unit in order to monitor mainly the humidity in various rooms of my home . This time of year in the mid-west the air can get dry and I was having sinus issues . I have used the remote unit to move around to different rooms -LRB- including the basement -RRB- within the house to compare to the base unit stationed in our main living area . In addition , I had some painting to do in my garage which required the temp to be > 50deg F. I started up my heater , placed the remote unit in the garage and monitored the rising temperature from in the house to know when I was able to get started.I have no reference to compare the accuracy of the unit to know if it 's calibrated properly , but checking against my thermostat , it 's identical.There were no issues with getting the units to communicate , the display and function buttons are clear and logical to use . The min/max feature is nice to know what type of variation occurs with the temp or humidity .
 I bought this product to use in my Baby 's room to have an accurate reading of the temperature and humidity in it . I have been using it for a bit over a month now and have no complaints . It is VERY easy to set up and use and battery life seems to be excellent . It also has a remote sensor that you can place in any other part of the house or the exterior to monitor that area 's temperature and humidity , also ; although you do n't HAVE to use it , only if you want to , as the main unit will work by itself.Numbers are fairly big and easy to read from a distance . It will give you a nice smiley face whenever conditions on the monitored area are ideal . It has come very handy since my central air conditioner 's thermostat is located on the main room of the house so the temperature reading will be that of this particular room , making it difficult to know what is the exact temperature on my baby 's room ; so with this Hygrometer now I know for sure the exact temperature on my baby 's room and any parent out there know that this is a must for safety ! From my personal experience with it , I would recommend this item hands down .
 After buying a couple of temperature guages at Lowe 's and finding them lacking either because they were hard to read or just did n't seem to be accurate , I stumbled across this item while searching for a temperature guage with humidity measurement . The other reviews indicated it had been tested for accuracy and fared very well . That convinced me to purchase one and I 've found it to be right on . As someone else said , digital is clearly more accurate than analog and I agree . Eventually , I 'll look into buying an additional remote sensor . The ability to add up to three of these remote units and place them in various locations is another selling point . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 This product met my expectations in terms of accuracy and quality . I like the large digital display on the base unit , simple buttons and it is very easy to setup with the remote unit . I compared the temperature readings to my Chaney hygrometer and this one showed a higher temperature by 2-3 degrees F . The humidity level was exact . I was a bit concerned that my Chaney one was inaccurate but expected a small degree of variation . I am so happy that I can find out the outdoor temperature now with this compact remote unit . Just remember not to put the remote unit where it will be exposed to the sun , rain , etc. .
 The pictures of this and the smaller models are so close that you need to get out a tape measure . . it 's really a nice sized unit , and a bargain.I 've left it along side another unit for weeks now , and all I can say is this is a great thermo-hygrometer . I do n't think other users gave it enough time , or maybe theirs were defective . I 'm always within 1 degree or so inside and outside , and the humidity within 5 % . Can it get any better for this price?Real value , nice looking . I just wish the display was a bit more contrasty -- mine is a little difficult to see if it 's not under a table lamp , which is where it will stay . : -RRB- Oh , and since the transmitter goes outside , why the heck did they give it a keyhole mount ? I 'm guessing mine will blow down this winter.But , I give it 9.9 out of 10 for sure .
 Very pleased with this device . Easily check the temperature and humidity levels in 4 different rooms from one location . Use it to tell your builder or A/C tech that you have a comfort problem with certain rooms .
 We bought this to have an idea about the temperature and humidity outside/inside . Does its job perfectly.Easy to install and connect . Highly recommended .
 I got this unit to monitor humidity in my crawlspace following work I did to keep it dry . It has worked flawlessly since installation 2 weeks ago and saves me having to enter the crawlspace to read an analog hygrometer I had installed previously.I also need to keep up with changes in conditions outside which helps me understand any changes in the crawlspace . So I decided to buy two extra sensors to monitor conditions elsewhere . When I went to purchase the sensors I noticed that the sensors were $ 2 more expensive than the original unit which comes with one sensor , so It was cheaper to buy the combination package . Each of the base stations does receive the signal from the three remote sensors , so now I can monitor conditions from more than one location in the home.The remote sensors claim to be weather resistant , I installed the external sensor under the eaves on a north facing elevation of my home , hopefully it wont get too wet there.One handy feature of the base station is that it records maximum and minimum temperature and RH.If you get one of these units , purchase lithium batteries if you expect the sensor to be subjected to freezing temperatures , the instructions suggest lithium batteries for cold environments , alkaline batteries fair poorly in cold conditions . I found using lithium batteries made all the sensors read the same relative humidity , with alkaline batteries I originally installed there were small variations between units.I am very happy with this unit and have found no faults saving I 'd like to see a back-light and/or external power supply for the base station.JP
 I 've had half a dozen various brands of indoor/outdoor wireless temperature sensors ... and they were all junk . This is the first that seems to be of decent quality and well worth the cost . I bought an additional remote sensor so I can monitor temp & humidity of 4 locations
 I got this thermometer/hygrometer so I could monitor humidity in my home after installing a geothermal heat pump with inline steam humidifier . What I like about this unitis that it has an extra sensor which I put outside so I can see the difference . It 's very easy to use , and seems to be quite accurate .
 Came with a main unit and one remote . Works great . I can keep tabs on my remote location right from my main . I think I will be getting two more remotes . It can handle 3 . Great product
 Easy to set up and works like a charm . I use this unit for my crawl space where I am in the process of installing a dehumidifier . You can pay much more for one of these units but this one does the job quite nicely .
 I purchased the Honeywell TM005X wireless thermo-hygrometer about six weeks ago . Overall I 'm happy with the unit but there 's room for improvement.First , the indoor receiver can not display both indoor and outdoor readings simultaneously . The display is certainly big enough to accommodate side-by-side readouts.Second , there is a rather idiotic happy-face / sad-face symbol to indicate if the temperature and humidity combination is within a predefined `` comfort range . '' Frankly , Honeywell should ditch that ridiculous face and devote the screen real estate to something more useful , such as simultaneous indoor/outdoor readings.Third , the remote sensor has a tiny LCD display of its own to show the sensor 's temperature and humidity reading . Unfortunately the remote 's display is very small . When I 'm outside working in the yard I 've often walked over to the sensor to see what the temp/humidity is . But that micro-sized display is pretty tough for my middle-aged eyes to read comfortably.Fourth , I think most people would find one remote sensor placed outdoors quite sufficient . Maybe a second remote could be used to monitor the temperature in a detached building such as a workshop . But where a third or fourth remote sensors might go is a mystery to me . What 's missing here , I think , is multiple indoor receivers ! I 'd like to put one receiver in my kitchen , a second one in my bedroom and a third in the living room . Honeywell sells extra remote sensors but , apparently , does not sell additional indoor receivers separately.Finally , I 'm somewhat suspicious about the system 's ability to measure very high levels of humidity . For example , we recently had 30 hours of continuous rain and drizzle . There was lots of fog along with low , gray , overcast skies . In spite of the extreme wetness the TM005X 's outdoor remote sensor never recorded a humidity level above 93 % . When humidity levels are below 90 % the TM005X agrees closely with a different hygrometer of mine .
 ** UPDATE 4/11 ** The external sensor has gone off the deep end . The temperature was constantly about 10 degrees off - I brought it into the house and sat it next to the main receiver . The hygrometer also showed a difference of about 10-20 % humidity from the base unit . After a few days inside I threw it in the freezer and it actually seemed to help . Buying a new sensor is almost as much as a whole new unit . It 's still working for the most part now , although I 'm sometimes skeptical of the readings , especially the hygrometer . We 'll see how much longer it lasts . ***** Very happy with this thermometer . I compared the accuracy with another thermometer and it proved both accurate and repeatable . As far as the hygrometer is concerned it seems to be very accurate provided there has n't been a recent rain or considerable morning dew.My only complaint is that the base of the remote unit does n't always provide great stability . It is better off mounted as opposed to free standing .
 Length :
 It works alright for me . It does not always match the temp on a mercury thermometer but it is close enough for me .
 My basement is a bit damp , and I use this product to monitor the humidity down there . I have the main unit setup in my kitchen , with a remote sensor in the basement to monitor this humidity . I love being able to check on the status of my basement 's humidity level from the comfort of my kitchen - which really helps me decide on if I need to run the dehumidifer.The product is well constructed , and a piece of cake to setup - with a great display that 's easy to read . If you 're looking for a basic thermomenter/hygrometer with multiple sensors , then look no further !
 This is a great product.I had a humidifier and was able to track the humidity very well!It does seem to work with whatever way I could validate it -LRB- Am not a great techie on the Temp or Humidity measurement -RRB- . But I do believe this one is a good product .
 Works perfectly . Easy to set up . Only using the one -LRB- supplied -RRB- remote sensor -LRB- in addition to the sensor in the indoor display unit -RRB- . Wish I 'd bought it sooner .
 I love this thing !! To be aware the base has a sensor already built in ! This is great for monitoring inside and outside temps / humidity.I used mine to figure out any temperature differentials between the floors , and rooms of my new house.Now I 'm using it to track outside and inside temperatures.The display is big enough to read from about 8 feet away . What a great unit !
 No , it could have been `` Super great '' but the readout is n't that superlative . I 'd much prefer if the background on the screen was ultra white instead of the gray which blends in with the readout numbers a bit and ca n't be read from a distance .
 Works extremely well and is highly recommended tho shows only one temp at time . Darned if i would not buy another one
 While others have spent a great deal of time analyzing whether the unit is accurate or not -LRB- which I ca n't speak to with as much authority -RRB- , I will add that my unit does not appear to like NiMH rechargeable batteries very much which I find disappointing . It is probably the only electronic device I still use which does not take rechargeable batteries and when this unit fails , I will make sure the next model does . To be clear , the unit does semi-work with NiMH batteries but the screen is not as dark as it should be and it is pretty clear the unit is n't happy in this configuration.That said , it seems reasonably accurate enough to tell me how warm or cool my apartment is and when the humidity is getting too high or too low . As long as you 're willing to replaced alkaline or lithium batteries once a year this seems like an ok unit .
 This is a great unit . I have guitars in my house that require just the right humidification and since I store them from room to room , this unit comes in very handy as its portable , has a clear and easy to read display and is very accurate . The wireless remote sensor works great as well . I would highly recommend this item .
 I shopped around for one of these for awhile but did n't want to pay a fortune . The readings are consistent between the main and remote unit and in line with other readings -LRB- weather stations , etc -RRB- . From what I gathered from reading about these things the humidity readings may not be spot on but for the purpose of telling me the humidity in my guitar room is 50 versus 70 it 's perfect .
 Simple to use and set up ; good range . Definitely beats peeking in on the baby to make sure that the temp is accurate . ONLY improvement
 I needed at temperature/humidity indicator for a sunroom where I have some orchids . I already had an existing thermometer . This item tracks temperature within a degree of my existing thermometer and provides me reasonable assurance that the humidity is fairly accurate for my needs .
 Seems accurate and works well in my garage wood working shop with A/C unit . I like that it keeps a record of the highest and lowest temperature and humidity both inside and outside .
 I placed the sender in the greenhouse and I have the reciever in the den . I know at a second what the temperature and humidity is in the greenhouse right from my recliner . Makes growing seeds and starter plants much easier .
 I have had these for 5 years , connected to regular water hose by 1/4 inch tubing . I just leave them out all year and the next year they usually work fine , if not a fine wire will fix any clog . I have over 20 in my yard and I can place them anywhere they are needed . Water spray is fine and soaks in instead of running off . They are cheap , the 1/4 hose is cheap . This system is one of the best home made watering systems I have seen . You can also add drip watering at plants on the same line .
 This was an alternative for the church . The price was great and I needed a replacement head for our system . It was also going to work on the new system we were installing .
 I bought this tool because I got a good buy on it locally , and now I like it so much I 'd be willing to pay full price for it . Almost anyway.The pruner is incredibly comfortable , sharp , and smooth . It took me awhile to get used to putting my fingers inside the handle but it did n't take long.So far I 've used this gadget to trim honeysuckle , crepe myrtle , azalea , Japanese holly and nuisance roots that got in my way when I planted annuals . The tool cuts smoothly and cleanly with less effort than any of my traditional pruners . I like these even better than the 40 dollar clippers my sister gave me a few years ago.It appears that the blade can be removed for replacing when the time comes .
 The loop handle makes this pruner much easier to use.The handle prevents you from dropping the tool.It also protects the backs of your fingers if you have to reach into a prickly plant to make a cut .
 Just purchased and constructed this greenhouse . Delivery of 2 large -LRB- heavy -RRB- boxes was prompt.I would classify this product as very good with decent quality . I had only one complaint and that was the outer dimensions are advertised as 6 ` x8 ' - I did not see actual dimensions listed anywhere that I looked which are closer to 8 ' -2 '' x 6 ' . I prepared and set a 4 `` x4 '' foundation ahead of time in the slightly larger dimensions of 8 ' -1 '' x 6 ' -1 '' . It was too short on the 8 foot side . The lip barely sits on the foundation in front and back but it works . The kit could also do with 2 more clips for securing . Absolutely level foundation is a must.Directions are confusing at first , but everything is highly labeled -LRB- plus drawings are accurate -RRB- and once you get into it things move along . Once you get the sides and ends together , it goes together quick . Took 1 person approximately 7 hours over course of 3 days to finish -LRB- with help the last couple of hours -RRB- . Advice
 I just received this item and found it very hard to put together . I think I received the wrong instructions or have parts missing . We called the customer support line and they said that there has been some changes with that product that we should know about . I wish I would have known this before I ordered it . Good quality greenhouse though , if I can ever get it together the right way .
 Liquid Fence has helped our plants survive better than previously used products.I have read that you may need to `` rotate '' products for the best effect .
 This is the only stuff that really works-stinks for a while , but when it dries , no more smell . Finally , I get to enjoy the plants I have been caring for all this time !
 I having been using Liquid Fence for a few years now . Used as directed , I find it works better than anything I 've tried . I have used electronic deterrents and found them to be unreliable . With a yard FULL of Hostas , deer think the table is spread and I soon have only stems . Since using Liquid Fence the Hostas are full and beautiful ; plus the deer are not harmed . WAY TO GO LIQUID FENCE !
 We moved to a new neighborhood about a year ago and about this time last year I planted a bunch of pansies . About a week after I planted them the deer eight about 75 % of each plant . I had heard about Liquid Fence and I think I bought a quart bottle of the concentrate.I did the recommended spray program on the pansies and they gradually grew back the following spring . I continued the spray program throughout the summer as I set out new plants . All my plants were okay , but I never saw any signs of deer being in the yard.This year I bought a gallon of the Liquid Fence concentrate and began the spray program for this year 's pansies . 11/2 weeks after the second spraying I had evidence that deer were in the yard . They ate my flat leaf parsley -LRB- but they did not curly leaf parsley -RRB- . They also ate the new growth on my hydrangea . There are at least a dozen pansies plants within 3 to 6 feet of the hydrangea . Not even one leaf or flower on the pansies was touched by the deer , so it really works . I will update this review if the pansies start disappearing , but right now my results say that Liquid Fence is great stuff .
 We were restocking because we have gotten good control of deer & elk predation on our garden plants that , before using Liquid Fence , they ate with gusto . It does need to be applied so it can dry for at least 4-5 hours without any rain and to get good control on tasty plants , it needs to be applied every 3 weeks .
 The only deer repellent that really works . We have tried many others to no avail , but with the first application NO DEER !!
 We ahve used this product in the past and found it to be the most effective product to keep the deer away . Yes , it smells when first applied but the odor is goone within hours . Small showers are fine but I wish it would n't wash off after a rain storm . Ca n't have everything , I guess .
 There is no such thing as a perfect deer repellant -LRB- that does not repel other animals of the domestic variety -RRB- . Liquid Fence comes the closest in my experience . It still takes a couple applications a week . I use a 2-gal sprayer . The concentrate is the cheapest way to go .
 After a lot of research , purchased this product to try to save my hosta . The plants form a retaining barrier for the yard , so are more than just ornamental . The deer wo n't go near this stuff . My next door neighbor has the same yard configuration and the same plants and the deer wiped out every plant in their yard . In my yard , nothing was touched until late in the season when a few plants that had n't been completely sprayed were munched . In fact , the deer ate my neighbor 's plants , then came into my yard to lounge around and digest their meal . Not optimal , but way better than destroying the yard . Nothing else works like this against the deer . I should point out that it seemed to have no effect on the rabbits . We have several families in the yard , and one made a home under the sprayed hosta . We have chipmunks , a family of groundhogs , and a bunch of other entertaining animals . But the deer only wander through , or rest awhile . They do n't eat and they do n't stay long . This stuff is worth the price . I 'll buy it again and again .
 Have tried both this and a cinnamon scented deer repellent . By far this is the most effective of the two . I do apply it about every 2 weeks , or sooner after it rains , even though it 's supposed to last longer .
 This product really works . The deer stay away from my plants and flowers . I spray a perimeter around the house & garden early in the season . Then reapply every month or so . I also use a smaller spray bottle for spraying directly on the deer 's `` favorite '' plants for added protection . It smells terrible , but it works .
 Works great . Totally does what it says it does . Repels deer and rabbits . I would n't have much of a garden without it .
 I have a row of 25 Cologreen Junipers that I planted along my property line 4 to 6 years ago and they now range in size from small to medium . Although I have tried to apply Liquid Fence late fall every year , I do n't always get it done before the weather turns too cold . It 's been my observation that in the years that I do n't apply the Liquid Fence there is consistently considerably more tree damage than in the years that I do apply it.Although , if I remember correctly , the instructions say to apply monthly after the initial applications and other reviewers have indicated every two weeks or so , I have typically only done two late fall applications , 2 - 4 weeks apart , and that has been sufficient to avoid most damage -- or I have been lucky.I think the success may also depend upon the tree/plant species being protected . If it is a species that deer already have an aversion to , then Liquid Fence may stop deer damage completely -LRB- or need fewer applications -RRB- ; but if it a species that deer like then Liquid Fence may be less effective -LRB- or need more applications -RRB- . Liquid Fence does have a strong nasty odor when first applied . I 've noticed the smell being quite noticeable 100 yards or more away at first , but the smell dissipates over a few hours and typically by the next day or maybe two the smell is n't noticeable except within a few feet of the application area . I was concerned when I mixed my first batch from the concentrate that it might cause some sprayer nozzle clogging , but any nozzle clogging was very minimal.This was a year that I did n't get Liquid Fence applied and I noticed yesterday that deer -LRB- or something -RRB- really wreaked havoc on one of the smaller Cologreens , so I will be ordering again and hope that I can get it applied before there is more damage.I do n't know why Amazon currently has this categorized as a `` baby product '' though ; do n't know if it repels babies or not .
 This product is the first one we have found that keeps deer from nibbling on all our beautiful flowers and plants in the garden . It does STINK but that is what keeps the deer away.The product - LIQUID FENCE CONCENTRATE - is even more expensive in our local store but we had tried all tricks and products and we lost our whole garden every year untilwe found liquid fence . You must try this product . We started with the small size but have moved up to the largest size BECUASE IT WORKS !
 Liquid Fence works better than any homemade products I have tried.It is easy to mix in a gallon sprayer . It really smells strong for several hours and then I can not smell it . The Deer do and stay away for several weeks . I like to spray every 3 weeks or so . The first time I sprayed real heavy and follow ups are just a light quick spray . I bought a gallon cheaper on Amazon and free shipping than 3 quarts at the hardware store @ $ 39 a quart plus tax .
 I have tried just about every deer repellent out there and have even tried making my own , to no avail . My cousin recommended Liquid Fence so I gave it a try . I bought the gallon of concentrate because I have about 2 acres filled with plantings that deer love . It is recommended that you spray once a week for 2 or 3 weeks , then once a month but I 'm afraid to go that long . I 've been spraying for close to a month and so far I have not seen any evidence of deer damage and have even planted about 60 Hosta that are fine so far . I must tell you though , that I have simultaneously been using two high frequency sound deterrents , so I do n't know how much that has to do with my success . I would , however recommend Liquid Fence very highly .
 I have tried various forms of deer repellant from liquid concentrate to shaker crystals . This has ended up as my favorite . I like the sprays because they cover the new growth which MUST be protected . This is the only spray that does not have chunks in it which clog the nozzle on my sprayer . Recommended .
 I love Hostas and have many but also have many deer which love the Hostas as much as I do . As long as I apply the Invisible Fence monthly , I do not experience any deer damage to the hostas .
 The best deer repellent I have used so far . Need to re-apply every 2 weeks though .
 I read about this stuff repelling rabbits but I did n't think there was any way it could smell as bad as everyone said.WRONG.I ordered a bottle and opened it and took a sniff and almost passed out.Imagine rotten eggs , garbage , B.O. , garlic and a host of other nasty smelling things all mixed into one vile concoction.Does it work?Yes.The rabbits were eating my burning bush and they stopped right after I sprayed this around.Well worth the money , nothing will go near this stuff.Just be careful when spraying ... DOH ... I sprayed against the wind and some of it got on my pants leg ... YUCK.Otherwise ... I give liquid fence my highest recommendation .
 We bought this to protect 150 newly planted trees . We were n't sure if this would work or not , so sprayed some trees and left others untreated . The deer left the treated trees alone entirely and continued to eat at the untreated trees . I also spray around parts of my vegetable garden where rabbits get thru the fence , and it seems to work pretty well there too.It does seem to have some residual effect , but you need to reapply every few weeks , especially when you first start using it . We use this often , and the concentrate is a much better value than the smaller bottles . It smells pretty bad , sort of a mix of vomit and garlic - if you 're treating plants right next to your house , the smell might be an issue , but I really ca n't smell it once it dries .
 I live in South Denver , in the rural area . I planted Mugo Tanenbaum pines all around the edge of my yard back in 2007 , to create a privacy screen . Within the last 5 years , my yard has somehow become the `` Swiss Chalet '' for deer . I have a dog , but that has n't deterred the deer in the slightest . My Mugo pines look like stripped fish carcass ; total `` skeleton '' from the ground up . When I see the deer in my yard , I go out stomping and clapping ; they just stare at me as if I were Mr. Rogers . I picked up a large container -LRB- 1 gallon sprayer -RRB- of Liquid Fence yesterday , and sprayed the trunks of all my trees , at deer height . I also marked the split rail fence with 10 ft interval `` splashes '' around my yard . I got up this morning , and saw the funniest thing ; where I would have expected to see 8 to 12 deer `` lounging '' in my yard , I instead saw split groups of deer in each adjacent yard to mine ! It was funny watching the deer approach the fence . They were very cautious -LRB- as if they thought they were about to step on a land mine -RRB- , approaching the split rail fence with necks overextended , creeping up very slowly . Then they turned tail and ran ! I will be applying this every three weeks to `` train '' the deer to go elsewhere . BTW , I picked this up at Ace Hardware , for a third of the price that Amazon is selling it for . Trust me with this ... night and day result . I just hope it holds for three weeks , as this is day one.I sort of feel bad for my neighbors ; they have no idea what is coming -LRB- except they can see what the deer are doing to my yard -RRB- . Maybe they 'll read my review and wise up ! Or maybe they have wised up , and I 'm the late one to the party ... Hopefully my Mugos will recover . We shall see . For now , it is DEER `` 0 '' MR. ROGERS `` 1 . ''
 I live in NW Colorado Springs where the deer run rampant . They eat everything and I mean everything . I manage my landscaping using Scarecrows , motion detector sprinklers and a heavy dose of Liquid Fence . Its been two years since I started landscaping and this combination of products works great . No longer do I have droppings all over my lawn . I tried just about everything but the reviews brought me to this combination of products . Amazon prices ca n't be beat and delivery is always on time or before schedule.Bob Keller
 Deer eating pumpkins . sprayed 10 to 20 foot band around 2 acre patch kept deer out until rain . needed to reapply after each rain . not sure it would keep them out if they were really hungary -LRB- soybeans in next field -RRB-
 Liquid Fence is the ONLY product I 've found that will keep deer and rabbits away from my plants . I 've tried many commercial products , plus all the usual folk lore ones .
 Good product ! Terrible odor -- no self respecting deer or rabbit would get close to it.Important to use weekly for the first three of four weeks to `` train '' deer away from plants .
 This is the second Little Giant pump we have owned . The first lasted many years . It is dependable , easy to use and does the job . Am very happy with it .
 We have had a terrible time with snails this year . This product kills them practically overnight . It is odorless and clean and easy to use .
 Some of the folks at Gardenweb 's Hosta Forum swear by this product , claim that this is better than Sluggo or any other similar slug bait . -LSB- . . -RSB-
 This aspic is really wonderful . Perfect when chilled as a salad with chopped relish .
 `` Merlot Red Stainless Steel Gazing Globe '' is a very fancy way of saying `` shiny red ball '' . It looks like one those red , glass Christmas ornaments , only much bigger , and made out of stainless steel . As such , it would be difficult to hang from a tree -- but since it was n't designed for that , do n't even consider it.What it was designed for was gazing . At five pounds , I imagine it could also be used to build muscle while one gazed into it if one held it up to ones face using ones arm , lowered it , brought it back up to ones face , and then repeated these movements multiple times . Let us return , however , to the gazing function.Now the product description suggests floating this ball on a lake , which it could easily do since , at five pounds , it is only 15 % as dense as water . In fact , if you are so inclined , you could calculate exactly how much of the sphere would be submerged . Suffice it to say , enough of the sphere will remain above the water line to retain its gazing function . Here 's a thought
 She is quite lovely although her paint job is thin and mostly the flesh colored plastic shows through . I am hoping she will go well with my porcelain nativity set .
 Zeba ` Singles ' 10-10-10I 've used these now for about 2 years and they make potting and repotting so easy . They help hold water near the roots and feed them at the same time . No muss , no fuss and the plants seem to love the food . I 've used them with vegetable plants as well with great results .
 this company has excellent products and service.the cress are different than my usual alfalfa and clover , because you need soil . i usually do the jar sprouting method , but these cress sprouts are decorating my window right now and i ca n't wait to munch on them ! delicious , slightly spicy -LRB- but not very , because i do n't like that -RRB- but delicate and crunchy .
 We are really enjoying these little balls of light . They change colors constantly and have enough power for the entire night -LRB- in California -RRB- . I was skeptical when I first read about them , but they have actually exceeded my expectations .
 I bought this as a gift and everyone asks where it came from . It works great and I 've never seen it not burning . I highly recommend it .
 It worked right out of box . It 's in a sunny area . Floats around pond . The changes In color , blues , greens yellow , mostly red . Lasts all night
 Ducane Grills are the finest quality grills I have ever used . Excellent !
 The resin bench ends are made of extremely strong and dense resin . The first flaw I found was the lack of assembly instructions with the exception of diagrams on the box.I used fir wood because our bench would be 6 ' long and exposed to year-round weather in a wilderness river canyon , as well as possible trespassers/vandals . Due to the dense fir wood I used a power drill-driver to make pilot holes for the screws and to install the screws . A couple of short clamps aided in the bench assembly as they allowed me to tip the bench over on its back to install screws underneath the seat boards.The second minor flaw was a lack of clearance for my power driver in some of the screw locations which resulted in these screws being installed at a slight angle -- not perpendicular to the boards . However , the entire bench is of such a stout , strong design that having half the screws installed at a slight angle is not a problem.Thirdly , the assembly would have been easier with # 2 Phillips instead of the # 1 Phillips screws provided . Assembly took just over an hour.In sum , we are , overall , quite pleased with the 6 ' bench we have assembled and installed in our river canyon .
 Easy to make bench is strong and attractive , and the price is much less than buying a complete bench , including buying the outdoor 2x4s and deck stain for finish ... I am not a highly skilled woodworker , but I had very few problems assembling the bench . The only problem was that the box was torn during shipping and the `` included '' screws were missing . I 'm sure they could be replaced , but I needed the bench quickly , so I bought # 10 x 1 '' round-head wood screws at the local hardware store . Once I had the screws , the bench went together fairly easily . Clamps helped hold the seat boards in place while installing the screws . I suggest using a block plane to round the corners slightly on the seat and back 2x4s . Since it looks nice and is comfortable to sit on , my wife is asking for more benches and tables for the patio area and some for farther away on our lot . I will be re-ordering ...
 This kit made it really easy to make a great bench . I used pressure treated lumber and I made a 6 ' bench for about $ 30 in wood . It is very sturdy and the cup holders are a hit . I put it in the grassy circle of my cul-de-sac for the parents to sit on while the children ride around and the `` community bench '' has brought life back to the neighborhood . I might just build another !
 This was easy to put together , delivery was quick , and a great price at 31.99 including shipping . I recommend it !
 This is a real fine product . It is easy to use , lasting and good looking.Makes making a chair or bench simple and durable as well as inexpensive .
 GREAT BENCH !!!!!!! Very easy to put together !! Finished product looks fantastic . The best part is you can make it any size you want . Great Buy at a Great Price !!!!!
 easy for noncarpenter or pro comfortable easy to assemble gave it as gifts
 Easy to assemble . NO holes needed to be pre-drilled in the pressure treated wood we used . The screws were strong -LRB- non of them broke -RRB- and they easily installed by simply using a phillips bit in a drill . Took about < 1.5 hours to assemble . We bought 5 ea . 10 foot treated 2X4 's and simply had Lowes cut them in half at the store . We ended up with a nice length of bench that did not bow we sit on it.Be sure to install the grain of the wood facing down so the slats dry-out after a rain .
 I love my 2x4 basic bench/table so much I bought another one . Now when I put them together I have a full size picnic table .
 I looked around for benches at the home store 's and big box store 's , And all the ones I had seen were very flimsy for the money.Then I came across these on amazon and purchased two sets.I made a 3 foot love seat chair and a 5 foot bench.Very easy and very sturdy with the 2x4 's . . when we sit on them it feels very solid . . We stained the wood with a light cherry colored stain/wood sealer . . They came out great , my neighbor is going to buy some also.And they are going to buy the kit to make the picnic benches & tables . . We think these are the coolest idea 's . Thanks Bob
 We ordered two sets of these bench ends and received them within a couple of days.One box was missing the screws , but a quick trip to the local hardware store resolved that issue.We purchased -LRB- 9 -RRB- 2X4 's 12 ' in length . We then cut them all in half to create the 6 foot lengths we wanted.Note
 The kit shipped quickly.When it arrived I just picked up my 2x4 boards and wood stain locally.Then followed the picture instructions.I made the full size bench.It was pretty simple.The kit came with all the screws.The 2 resin frames with cup holders in the arm rests can be used on either end of the bench.This is due to the way they are molded -LRB- there is no left or right -RRB- . The only problem I ran into was getting to a few screw heads to tighten them during assembly .
 Manufactured extremely well and directions easy to follow . Amazon delivered in a timely fashion . You 'll be pleased with the product !
 I recently purchased the bench ends , painted the 2X4s , and assembled all together . The bench is sturdy and comfortable . After researching for a backyard bench I am quite pleased with the cost . I would definately recommended this bench or the one without the back .
 This 2x4 bench is a great product . Least expensive on the net through Amazon . Shipped fast . Assembles easy and very comfortable . I put together nine for my daughter and two for myself.A Sloan , Minnesota
 Made great 6 foot benches , very sturdy , easy to assemble . Nice sand color goes with everything . Screws also included , only needed to buy the wood . Hightly recomended !
 As the curator of our 17,345 sq.ft . butterfly garden , I am responsible for obtaining everything that goes into the garden . We have four teak benches scattered throughout the garden , but the benches that are most used -LRB- and appreciated by our visitors -RRB- are the convertable table benches and the straight back benches made with the 2x4 basics materials . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These bench ends were perfect for the size I needed . The space I had would only fit a 3 foot size bench so this product did the job . All I did was purchase the 2x4 's at a local hardware store and had it cut into 3 feet pieces . I purchased treated wood since it can stand the outdoor weather , spray painted the bench ends and screwed the pieces together . I love my bench !
 these are very sturdy benches , easy to put together and very economical to buy , We bought 4 of them for around our back yard fire pit and are very pleased with them .
 As new residents living at the lake , we wanted sturdy wooden benches on our dock for sitting to watch local wildlife and evening sunsets ! We remembered seeing benches of this type in years past , but could not find them locally . We ordered 2 sets of these frames , then constructed 2 five-foot benches , using 2 &#34; x 4 &#34; boards purchased locally . These benches are very sturdy and quite good looking ! Our frequent guests , who also enjoy relaxing by the water , always comment on the appearance and comfort of the benches . Over this past year , our benches have weathered beautifully and we expect to enjoy them for many more years .
 I took 20 minutes to assemble , then I stained the 2x4 and the assembled bench looks good - I would recommend this product to others .
 For under $ 100.00 I built a bench that compairs to others that sell for near $ 1000.00 . I plan to buy several more .
 I purchased three of these to donate to a state park . I thought the directions were poor but once I looked at them a 3rd time it was fine . However , for those using treated lumber the screws would be eaten up in short fashion by the chemicals used to treat the lumber . I purchased deck screws but the heads were too small so ended up using washers to keep the heads from slipping through . All in all they came out great . Anxious to see how they faired the winter since they were suppose to be stored inside but I doubt that they did .
 We have purchased 3 of these . Two for ourselves and one as a gift.They are very durable , and easy to build.They are comfortable and with a little maintenance they stand up to the elements very well.The one our porch has been then for a few years and still looks great.I highly recommend this product .
 I put a set of these together about a year ago and found them easy to assemble and pretty sturdy . Good value for the money .
 This was so simple to do , just cut the 2x4 's to the required length , we stained ours , and screw them together , simple as can be , and very very sturdy ... we made one chair and one 5ft . long bench ... Good Product
 I like how sturdy this is and it is so versatile . You can make it for any length you want and use any type of bench material from wood to the newer materials .
 I assembled it by myself ... which was a pain in the butt ... it would have been much easier with two people . I also wish the notches where you screw the 2x4 's in were holes instead of just notches ... Overall , I 'm pleased though .
 I made a 6 ft bench but added a center brace to the front and back 2X4 's . I also used a short aluminum strip screwed to the center back rests . I placed 28 '' 2X4 's under the feet on either side to keep legs from going into the ground . a great product . I recomend having the 2X4 's cut when purchased.I cut small blocks to put under seat slats .
 Fun and easy to put together , but the manufacturer has goofed on the instructions printed on the current batch of boxes . The box says you 'll need 5 2x4s to assemble , when in reality , you 'll need 9 . Minor problem , but if you 're tight for time and just buy what the box says , you 'll have to make another trip to your lumber supplier . Nice concept , though , and makes a nice , stable bench or chair .
 I just finished assembling a 2x4basics AnySize Bench 11200 and am very happy with it . The bench assembly took a little longer than I thought it would . I think I worked on it for about two hours . I was n't counting on having to drill pilot holes for the dozens of screws -LRB- included -RRB- that had to be used putting the bench together . Nor did I figure on spending so much time figuring out how to best sink the screws into the underside of the boards . Do n't worry about slanting the screws into the wood a bit . It is impossible to get a drill into a perfect position for making a 90 degree hole . Most of the screws do not show anyhow.It was necessary to tip the bench over in order drill pilot holes and to get at the screws . I had to clamp the 2x4 's to the plastic/composite ends to keep them from falling off or moving out of position . I would recommend using a couple of small carpentry clamps to hold things in place while putting the bench together.I had the 2x4 's sanded and painted prior to attaching them to the plastic/composite ends so that took a little time , but probably not more than an additional hour . That probably saved time in the long run . Making this bench with the 2x4 basics kit is not a difficult project.The 2x4 basics bench is solid and not all that heavy , but it is n't going to blow over in a high wind . I am quite satisfied with how the bench came out and somewhat surprised at how substantial it is . I thought it might twist and perhaps wiggle side to side -- nope , it is a rock.I am so pleased with this approach to building patio furniture that I will be recommending the product to friends .
 These are the coolest things ! We bought 3 sets and made two 12 feet benches , each with one of these in the middle for extra support . We used redwood and they turned out really nice ! I love that these come with all the hardware you need . All you have to do is buy the 2x4 's and just slide them through and screw them in place ! So easy ! And you can make them as long as you want . However , if you make the benches long like we did you do need the extra support of more of these . I definately recommend these to anyone !
 The vinyl seats on my pontoon boat had deteriorated over the years of exposure to sun and weather . Yes , we started out with good intentions of covering the boat , but we all get lazy after a while.I had been looking for a solution other than spending a lot of money to have the seats recovered . Found the bench ends of 2x4 basics on line vs. many other types of outdoor benches available that are all very expensive.The 2x4 basics have worked out perfect . Easy to assemble , very sturdy , durable for the crowd we get on the pontoon boat.I actually made the benches eight feet long even though the recommendation is not to exceed six feet . I made a center support from a short 2x6 -LRB- used 2x4 's for the bench as instructed -RRB- using the bench end as a template . Just cut the shape and angles with a sabre saw . Used deck screws to screw the support to the 2x4 's of the bench seat and front and back support 2x4 's . Very strong and no flex in the bench seat.Working great and no maintenance .
 My 14 year old grandson put this together as a 5 ' bench for my porch in less than an hour , following the very clear instructions on the box . It is sturdier than most of the fancier and more expensive metal framed benches I have seen and it is comfortable to sit on . The `` Product Description '' information makes it clear that 2x4 's are not included . You need 9 cut to whatever length -LRB- up to 6 ' -RRB- you intend to make the bench . This is a reasonably priced product that should provide years of enjoyment .
 We like this bench so much we bought another . It comes in a relatively lightweight box , and we easily assembled it using our own wood . We chose the location for the bench , then put it together at that location so we did n't have to move it once it was one piece and heavy . We 've had it now for over a year and it 's sturdy and charming . You 'll enjoy this bench , and the price !
 We purchased 2 sets of bench ends . We needed something in our yard areas to sit and view the gardens around our home . This fills the bill nicely . Purchased 8 foot 2x4 's and cut them all 4 foot long . Painted them up and put them all together . We just love our new benches .
 The frames are perfect . I wanted cedar patio furniture but WOW the sets sold are just way too overpriced ! So We found these . What a great product ! Bought cedar and stained before cutting , now I have extremely comfortable cedar patio furniture ! Bought 2 chair frames , 4 bench frames -LRB- 2 for seating , 2 for side tables -RRB- and 1 picnic table frame . I now have a great cedar set and I love the fact that we did it ourselves . The bench frames make great side tables that double as a seat if needed . The best thing about the chair frame is that the seat part is curved . Most wood furniture is too hard to sit on for a long time , but with the added curve , they are comfortable enough to sit around the deck and talk for hours . After staining and cutting the wood , the assembly process was a breeze ! I do n't think you would even need 2 people , but it made it go really fast.All together , we are very happy with our purchase.End Of Summer Edit : Furniture held up very well in the elements ! Highly recommend !!!!!
 After our old metal bench died , I started looking for a replacement . We live in south TX on the coast , so having something that would n't rust again was important to us . I finally found this bench doing a search and it looked easy enough to do . It 's available on several sites , but Amazon was the best deal for sure ! My DH and I are homeowners , but not fixers , therefore I was a little concerned about how easy it would be . It was easy , easy . We used pressure-treated wood and did have to cut it ourselves - but we were easily able to do that with a circular saw . We cut out wood 5.5 ft long for a bench -LRB- plenty big for 2 large people -RRB- and we still have the 2.5 lengths leftover for a chair to do . It 's comfortable , very sturdy , looks good in the yard , rust proof , and easy care . What more could you want ?
 I bought 4 sets of these to go around a fire pit and they worked out just perfectly . This makes a nice bench and comfy too , as well as easy to build . I had a difficult time finding strait 2x4 's around town but after I shuffled through a few hundred I found what I needed . It takes longer sanding and applying a finish to the boards than anything else -LRB- I used yellow pine non-treated wood for the look I wanted -RRB- . Best to pre-drill holes before screwing down boards but an easy job to assemble .
 My volunteer organization has built benches and chairs for our local dog park using the 2x4 Basics . Assembly is super easy . The benches/chairs are very good-looking , quite sturdy , and durable . They are outdoors in all weather and get jumped on and generally beaten up by hundreds of dogs . We 've had them in the park for more than six months , and they look as good as new . Visitors to the park rave about how nice they look -LRB- especially compared to the crummy plastic chairs we used to have ! -RRB- . We are extremely satisfied with this product !!
 Beats the cheap Chinese benches hands down in quality and assembly ! Assembly is easy , the only power tool possibly needed is a power drill/screwdriver -LRB- but it can be done by hand -RRB- . No special clamps are needed and while one reviewer drilled pilot holes for the screws , I found that wasnt actually necessary -LRB- but might be helpful -RRB- . I used redwood and had Lowes cut 12 ' pieces in half -LRB- equal length -RRB- . The 6ft bench is light enough to be carried by one person -LRB- I 'm not a big or young guy by any means -RRB- and I carried it about 300 feet , each way , several times before it found its ` permanent ' home . Its a nice looking bench , much , much better quality than most of the el-cheapo chinese benches , lighter , bigger and easier to assemble . I added a coat of sealer , but the redwood shouldnt need it . For about the same price as the cheapest benches , you will have something that is comfortable , looks good and will last . Total cost of bench ends and wood -LRB- everything else is included with bench ends -RRB- was about $ 90 . If you dont go with redwood , then it would have been about $ 70 ! The ONLY potential problems I see are a -RRB- If you dont leave enough wood at the ends of the bench , the screws will sooner or later split the wood -LRB- but I dont see that as a real problem assembled correctly -RRB- b -RRB- Hopefully the plastic bench ends wont become brittle in the cold winter months or from sun exposure -LRB- but only time will tell -RRB- .
 Product looks great and strong . Disappointed with the `` hardware '' part of it . Hardware is in fact small # 10 screws . I thought it was going to be bolts and nuts.Because it is for a school , I am hoping that these screws will hold the benches together.Perhaps company should be clearer on the `` type '' of hardware used.Will continue my review once benches have been in used for a while and see if the screws hold .
 The hardest part about putting these benches together was figuring out how to get the wood home in my sedan . These bench ends are made of sturdy plastic in a neutral color . They have perfectly aligned pre-drilled holes for those of us who are measurement and math challenged . I was able to put three benches and a picnic table with two benches together almost entirely by myself in a weekend . I needed my husband 's help to hold the boards in place in just a couple of spots because I do n't have clamps . You can choose the length of seat you want ; box tells you exactly how many pieces of wood and at what length you 'll need . The people at the hardware store will cut the wood for you and even help get it in your car . You will need a drill , but the kit comes with the right size/length screws . Once built , they are attractive and comfortable and even have little cup holders .
 I made a 6 foot bench and love it . i liked it so well that I ordered another and am going to have another bench on my back porch . I used untreated wood and painted it with brown exterior floor paint . It was very easy to put together . I get a lot of positive comments on both the look and comfort of the seat .
 I bought two of these chairs along with one 90140 2x4basics AnySize TableChair or Low Bench to create a seating area on my deck . It 's very easy to customize . I used composite decking instead of the standard 2x4 . I posted pictures . Highly recommend .
 Third item purchased from 4X4 basics product line . Each was easy to assemble and definately will last forever . first one is 8 years old and still looks brand new .
 Ordered this product on a Sunday night and it was at my house Wednesday morning . I immediately went to my local big box home improvement center to buy five pressure treated 2x4x10 's and had them cut in half at the store . I assembled my 5 ' bench alone in about an hour and a half . The screws are included in the kit . I did need some clamps to serve as an extra set of hands and a screwdriver extension for my cordless drill -LRB- some of the screws are in awkward places -RRB- . The bench uses nine 2x4 's , so I have an extra five footer for the next project . I 'm very pleased with the bench . It 's very comfortable to sit on , sturdy for big guys like me and slides easily across the deck without leaving marks . I could n't be happier with the final product . And for about $ 60 for the bench ends and lumber , it 's a great value . I plan to buy more products from 2x4basics . Great product !
 I was very pleased with the bench ends . Had some difficulty with one of the screws attaching to the wood on one of the bench ends . Did n't have a screw driver handle short enough to drive the screw into the wood and bench end . I had to improvise . Took more time then I had expected due to this one problem . Overall , really liked the idea . Gave it to my daughter as a gift for her yard . It turned out so great I 'm thinking of ordering the chair ends for myself . I think the bench ends are a great idea especially the fact that you can make the bench any size you want .
 This bench is easy to assemble , is comfortable and I believe it will last a long time .
 I was searching for some new benches for my backyard when I stumbled upon these . These bench ends are absolutely the best when it comes to makeing your own outdoor furniture . I bought 2 of these and made them two different sizes . I stained and varnished them with 3 coats of Spar Varnish . They are the best looking and most sturdy benches I have ever had . Thanks Amazon !
 I used 4 kits to make two 16 foot player benches for our soccer club . Other than someone who had slight experience with power tools to cut boards to length they were constructed by soccer moms following the simple directions printed on the box . The cost including treated lumber was slightly over 10 dollars per foot for the completed benches . Be aware that benches this long are extremely heavy , but in our situation it is a plus to insure that they remain where we placed them in an outside public location . The manufacturer should change the type of screws that are included in the kits for use with the new type of treated wood . The chemicals in treated wood will eat through screws provided in a year or so .
 This product is really great for a do-it-yourself project for the home . My husband and I built our bench together and spent less than $ 60 for the entire project which includes the treated 2x4 lumbers and semi-transparent exterior wood stain . The wood stain we picked blended very well with the plant pots on the patio making the bench the focal point on our backyard picture . We always try to give some personal touch to any item around the house to make them somewhat different from any other , and so we are very proud to say that we built this awesome and functional piece of furniture . Now we enjoy sitting and viewing our backyard more than ever .
 We just purchased the AnySize Kit . It comes with detailed instructions on the box and the screws necessary . I went to Home Depot and purchased 5 - 8 foot treated 2x4 's for about $ 15.00 . They cut them in half for free . You need 9 equal length pieces for your bench . I went home and with just a portable power drill with a phillips head I was able to put the entire project together in less than 30 minutes . IT LOOKS GREAT , is very substantial , and for 80 % less than what you would pay for a complete bench on line I had a wonderful outdoor bench for our beach . WOW . This is a no-brainer , great value , DIY alternative for anyone . Buy it , Do it , you 'll love it .
 Hard to believe a reviewer on here did n't know you needed 2x4 's when it 's called 2x4Basics . LMAO This is a great idea and it 's easy to put together . I 'm buying two more to make one large bench out of for our patio . Probably go 8-10 ' . Durable and should last several years as long as you use treated lumber and stain or protect with sealer .
 I made this into an 8 ' bench by placing a small brace in the center between the seat and the lower supports . The bench is very strong and comfortable . I am 67 years old and had no trouble putting it together in less than 1 hour with no help . Great product .
 The frames were ordered for outdoor use at the local firehouse - everyone was pleased and they look great - easy to assembly all parts listed were included - just purchase the 2x4 - Thanks
 And it is very affordable . It also looks very nice . I just completed our lower patio area and these look fantastic . I built 6 ' , 4 ' , and 3 ' benches along with a 4 ' table . I used pressure treated wood from Lowe 's and Home Depot -LRB- neither would cut pressure treated wood as they claim it will mess up their saws ! -RRB- . After letting them weather for the summer , I will apply some stain to match our deck . Assembly is a breeze -- a power screwdriver is a must -- no need to pre-drill holes . With a little care , these should last for decades . We looked for days for a suitable suite of outdoor furniture , but nothing really clicked ... most stuff out there are cheaply built and would n't last very long and require too much maintenance . With these pieces , you do n't have to worry -- they will stay outside year ` round . Lastly , they are extremely comfortable !! Great , Great , Great product . ** check out my uploaded pic **
 This is the third time I 've bought this bench . As a member of our local garden and woodworking clubs , I volunteered to help place a bench in one of the common areas of our sub-division . Now we have three . After seeing how much use the others got , we decided it was time to purchase another . The benches are reasonably priced -LRB- using western cedar 2x4 's -RRB- , very easy to assemble and comfortable as a resting place . The first 2 have been out for most of a year and look great . We can recommend them completely ! Amazon was a great resource for our clubs .
 I made up 2 eight foot benches in no time . A friend used these and found the center sagged enough to spring the 2x4 's slightly open and they would pinch your butt when you got up . I used eight foot pressure treated 2x4 's and put an extra armrest in the middle of the bench to stop the sagging . Benches came out very sturdy and with no sagging .
 My husband and I purchased these bench ends to make benches for underneath are new pavillion we had just built . These are wonderful . Originally we were n't sure what size we wanted so we built a 5 ft bench and a 4 ft bench . We used treated lumber 2 x 4 's , and later used Olympic original cedar toner/wood preservative . It made them look like fresh cut cedar . They are beautiful . We 've had a lot of compliments , and have other people that are going to buy some kits as well . We liked these so well , that we moved are very large heavy eight ft. all wood custom built table , out of the pavillion and placed it by our fire place and ordered a picnic table kit and another bench kit . We were exceptionally pleased with the table kit as well . We built it 5 ft long , and placed it in the pavillion with the 2 benches that we built that come with the table kit and placed our other benches that we made with our other bench ends kits . 2 , 4 ft. benches and 1 , 5 ft bench in the pavillion with the table kit . The furniture looks so nice under the pavillion , sturdy , pretty and very functional . If I ever need another bench or table this is what I will buy again .
 This product is easy to use , easy to assemble and versatile . The simplicity allows the amateur tinkerer a sense of accomplishment with few ways to go wrong . The bench ends are sturdy and , although plastic raises concerns with the appearance of being cheap , these look very good . I used a driftwood gray stain on the 2x4s which looks very good with the ends . The only minor complaint - it has been mentioned in reviews before - the cutting list on the box indicates that you need a 42 '' piece -LRB- for use with 48 '' pieces elsewhere -RRB- . All lengths are uniform so it is a bit of a mystery . I studied how the wood pieces fit before making a wasteful cut . The good news is , it makes the cutting all the more easy .
 Strong , lite weight , and USA made . You just have to add some 2x4 lumber to complete an easy , strong , and durable project , in my case , a 4 foot bench .
 very pleased with the purchase , I painted the 2x4s assembled , put in my front porch , smoke and relax ...
 Used some old snowboards to make a bench - worked great!Strong , practical application that I will use for other projects .
 My husband bought two of these and put them together in preparation for our daughters graduation party . They were -LRB- are -RRB- perfect . He bought standard pine two by fours -LRB- 2x6 's ? it 's in the instructions -RRB- and then we custom fit them to the perfect size for two different spots on our patio and garden . I love that we got to choose how long they were ! He made one short and one long and only had to make one cut per plank . The long one is sturdy but gives a tiny bit in the middle - he made it 6 feet long . He did stain it with something that beads up the water and will keep it from turning gray . I might add a small painted stencil or wood burning decoration but they are great as is . I highly recommend them .
 Worked as expected . I bought 6ft 2x4s from my local mega-home store . I substituted1 1/2 &#34; t-25 torque screws due to the oblique angles on some insertions . I 'll buy more of these benches in the future .
 The instructions were easy to follow , and it requires only a few tools . A power drill with a screwdriver attachment is essential ; I might also go back and substitute lag bolts for the relatively shallow-depth screws provided . I constructed mine out of 6 ft 2x4s , which is the maximum recommended length for this product ; I would recommend no more than 5 feet , unless you add additional bracing/supports , given the slight sag in the middle of the seat with 6 foot boards .
 Bought this to make a special bench for our friends for Christmas.The only thing I do n't like is it does n't come in any other colors.I spray painted it and it looks wonderful -LRB- green -RRB- . The frame is easyto work with and looks nice .
 I love this bench kit ! We wanted a small bench for our front porch , and none of the ones we could buy were the right size . Because you can cut the 2X4 's to whatever length you want , we made a custom-size bench , and it fits perfectly . Plus it was quick and relatively easy to put together -LRB- sanding and finishing the 2X4 's took the most time -RRB- . I 'd highly recommend this to anyone . My mom -LRB- who is 77 -RRB- built this , so it 's something pretty much anyone could handle .
 Fantastic product.I was looking for a sturdy garden bench in all of the garden center 's . Did not see anything like what i wanted.Certainly not without spending the kind of money i would expect to pay for interior furniture !! Then i checked the one who has it all ` Amazon ' !! This is the second ` basics bench ends ' pack that i 've bought.Got mine & my dad & i put it together relatively quickly -LRB- approx 2 hours - including sanding -RRB- . My mum loved it , so i ordered another pack , bought the timber - gave my da a call & we put it together , lovely.My only complaint is that Amazon uk do n't sell it & i had to get it from America , -LRB- I live in Belfast , Ireland -RRB- hence incurring expensive postal charges - the shipping charges & taxes amounted to a little more than double the basics pack cost !! But , we 've got a brilliant , solid , man made , -LRB- by me & my pop -RRB- sturdy garden bench.Part of me wants to go into production & sell them to others - so they can get a great bench for a great price!Good job Blitz.Brendan Ferguson
 I made the bench , but had to saw off one an extra -LRB- third -RRB- support for use in the middle for added stability . It is six feet long and will likely last a long time . I would highly recommend that you varnish and waterproof the 2x4 before assembling . I do n't use power tools , so it took me quite a while to hand screw in all the screws .
 I BOUGHT THIS BECAUSE I INJURED MY HIP AND HAD PROBLEMS WALKING NIKKO WHO IS NOT POTTY TRAINED LIKE MY OTHER DOG ANGEL . WE LIVE IN A SENIOR CITIZENS DEVELOPEMENT , SO I DECIDED TO GIVE THIS A TRY . NOW I BRING HIM OUT IN BACK OF THE BUILDING , SIT WITH HIM FOR A WHILE AND WALK HIM AROUND THE FRONT AND BY THEN HE 'S DONE HIS THING , I CLEAN IT UP , AND I SAVE MYSELF HUNDREDS OF STEPS . IT TOOK ONLY FIVE 2X4X8 PICES OF LUMBER.THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . I HAD HOME DEPOT DO THE CUTTING , SO IT TOOK LESS THAN AN HOUR TO PUT TOGETHER AND IS VERY STRONG .
 This is a great , weather-resistant , easy to constructbench . No need to worry about rusting metal or wooden structures that do not hold up to outdoor weathering.I 've constructed 4 benches -LRB- 4 & 6 foot -RRB- using pressure treated lumber . Since these will stay outside , I used Solid stain for durability.Construction is easy and enjoyable if you like to work with your hands and like `` instant gratification . `` No exceptional skill is required ... need arm and hand strength to handle any power drill . I used a few extra screws for extra strength , probably not needed.I plan to purchase 2-3 more to be placed outdoors along hiking trails in the woods and leave them there.NOTE
 No , it 's not a rocking chair , but it does exactly what it 's supposed to do , it fits into a space and looks as if it were meant to be there . I needed something cozy for a small garden area and did not want to spend a ton of money on a basic backyard project . After precutting the 2 X 4 's I stained them and varnished them , so that when the bench ends arrived -LRB- just a few days after I ordered them , I might add -RRB- , all I had to do was piece the thing together . The dark stain contrasts beautifully with the sand color , and the 36 '' wide bench is perfect for solitary readers , clingy teenage explorers , or tots on a tour of Wonderland . The beverage holders add just the right touch of comfort on a summer evening . The bench should last for years with no rot , animal intrusions , and very little upkeep . Great find !
 as advertized , not sure of the exact material , not sure if UV resistant . I would buy again . I made a 6 foot bench made from all treated wood and added additional wood supports across the center .
 I purchased 2 sets of ends to use at my son 's Eagle Scout Project . After receiving and putting them together we decided to expand the project and ordered 4 more sets . They are strongly build and very easy to put together . The instruction are a little confusing , box makes it seem as if you need to make bottom support bars are different size but picture shows as same size as rest of them . Suggestion -LRB- not really shown in pictures -RRB- would be to make sure to let ends of boards hang pass ends . We have other Scouts that are going to look into using these and the other 2X4 Basic kits on their projects .
 It 's as easy as cutting wood , painting/staining it , drilling a few holes & putting an easy puzzle together . Great little bench for the backyard - or anywhere . Sturdy too !
 for a DYI project , this could not be easier or more rewarding . Great product !
 Bought one and then reordered two more . Neat looking and can be personalized in the paint or stain used on the wood .
 I was very pleased with this item . The frames are sturdy and well designed . I assembled mine with pressure treated 2x4 's and it was a quick and easy job . I took the advice of a previous reviewer , and used 8 foot lengths that were cut 5 ' 6 '' for the bench and 2 ' 6 '' for the chair . So far I have made two benches and two chairs . It takes nine 2x4 's per item.I love 'em and will probably buy more .
 I have been buying and building these one-by-one for our dog park for two years . They are extremely comfortable and very easy to assemble . I will buy the fifth and last one today . I only have two complaints . I wish they offered the green ends again . They look so much better . I also wish the screws were longer . I have had to buy longer ones in order to ensure they hold-up to movement better . I also recommend that you take extra time and stain the 4x4 s before you assemble it . I have used redwood with a redwood stain/preservative that makes the bench look incredibly better .
 Have purchased 2 sets of the 2x4 basics bench ends for use in our neighborhood common area by a small lake . Residents are pleased with the comfort and sturdiness of the benches while enjoying the view and feeding the ducks.The only addition I made was to install 4 '' mending plates at 1/3 span intervals of the 2 `` x4 `` s for the seat . These served to firm up the seat and eliminate pinch points between the 2 `` x4 `` s.Amazon had the best price and were incredibly quick with delivery .
 i decided on a 4-footer , uncomplicated setup , used 2X4 red cedar-a nice contrast with the ash gray -LRB- or sand -RRB- bench ends . should weather nicely . good looking & sturdy bench . i like the cupholders , too .
 This is a very good product it is very easy to assemble and being made of 2x4S it is a strong chair . I would recomendthis to anyone .
 The product came with two thick sturdy plastic end pieces and a bag of screws . After a 20 minute trip to the hardware store to get the wood it was assembled in no time . I like the fact that you buy the wood . It lets you pick the size of the bench . I sized mine to fit in front of the five foot picture window in front of my home .
 Good Product - recommend that you make it less than 5 feet long . I assembled mine using 5 foot treated 2 x 4 wood and found it it to be a bit saggy in the center . I weigh 175 pounds and would recommend making it a bit shorter for that weight and above . Very easy to assemble and instructions are great .
 Plenty heavy duty enopugh . It has been outside about a year and shows no signs of UV deterioration . Easy to construct .
 I wanted a bench that was 8 feet wide , but knew it would not be strong enough in the middle , so I bought two kits , and put one of the ends in the middle . That way I had a center support and it works just fine that way . I also added some cross bracing to the two boards in the bottom of the frame . For the money , I am very happy with the results . It will save you a lot of time and clean up if you paint or stain the boards , before you build the bench .
 Finally a bench that withstands the rigors of weather because you supply the outdoor lumber . Only wish they provided pre-drilled holes in the legs to mount to a dock or a deck .
 Anything putting together was fine but I was missing some screws . Other then that everything was fine . I would buy again . but have exta screws .
 ordered 2 sets for patio/firepit area , took about two and a half hours to complete the first and one half hour for the second . these benches are very comfyand at a recent family gathering aroud the fire I think we may have got at least four family members ready to order thier own .
 THIS IS THE SECOND AND THIRD PRODUCT FROM THIS VENDOR . WE PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED THE PICNIC TABLE . WE LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
 Easy to assemble . The lumber supplier was happy to cut the 2x4 boards to my specified length in the store . I stained the boards before assembly , which was easy . My benches are 5 feet long and they are very sturdy and solid , though a little heavy to move around . Surprisingly comfortable , due to the contoured shape of the bench ends and board spacing . I bought one initially to try , loved the first and soon after bought a second . Only one small complaint - the hardware package for both benches was one screw shy , which was a bit frustrating because I did not have the type screws utilized lying around in my garage . Otherwise , I love the benches , as does my wife . Replacement of the 2x4s once they ultimately succumb to the Florida weather should be a breeze .
 I think these ends are the nuts . So much better becausewhen the seat and/or the back slates need to be replace it so simple . It cost only $ 30.00 for enough for 2 benches .
 Bought one of these at least 10 years ago . Set it up on the deck outside my office . Cut the 2 x 4 's to 7 feet and painted with a good outdoor paint . Not a problem , works like a champ
 I was lucky enough to get this on clearance ... the S&H was more than the bench kit . Our house is gray & will paint the entire piece charcoal black . It will sit in front of a blsck fence . I think it being all one color will make it look a little less rustic .
 Bench ends come with hardware . All you need is lumber , saw and a drill . The ends are sturdy and handle year round weather - in Delaware , at least . If you have a piece of wood that is weathered , etc. , simply replace it .
 I love jeeping , camping and 4 x 4 trail running . I have been using my ICP solar power unit at recent Jeep jamborees . Moab , Rubicon Trail and every other outdoor event I go to . This thing is tuff and works great ! Tough enough for the trail and effective in bringing us our much needed electronic when power is nowhere to be found . The powerflex 20 and 40 are a must have . It runs my ARB Fridge great ! Charges both my Optima Red Tops . ICP makes great products!Jeeper to JeeperDon JacksonClick this link -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00020BN4A ICP Solar 04320 PowerFlex 20 Solar Panel -RSB-
 Excellent product . Waterproof panel and connectors . Perfect for providing a little electricity while hiking , camping , boating , or whatever . Great in conjunction with a battery charger .
 I have owned this flag pole for over 20 years and it is in front of our home . Never a problem , easy to take down and put up . No clanging lanyards ! This flagpole withstands serious winds too . Neighbors are always having to replace theirs when it blows down . Not this one . I 've only spoken with their customer service once when after 16 years , I needed to replace one of the little locking collars -LRB- less than $ 5.00 -RRB- . They were exceptionally helpful and friendly . When I need to replace it , I 'm ordering the exact same thing . Check out the Sunsetter website - sometimes you can save some money buying directly from the factory .
 Ducane grills are the finest quality grills I have ever used . Excellent !
 We were unable to get the thatch this year without spending more than we wanted , so we ordered this umbrella cover and it looks great . Light weight so it does not add extra pressure to the umbrella , easy to install and will probably last more than one season .
 I bought 2 of these umbrella covers . I have done many outside Luau themes for church organizations , family gatherings , graduations , etc. . For some time I wanted to purchase these covers for the two -LRB- 2 -RRB- 9 foot umbrellas I own . Why did I wait so long ... these covers were a hit ! Many guests kept inquiring where I got them . I love these covers . The quality is great . The look is authentic . You really feel like you are sitting under a hut ! Add some outdoor patio furniture , cover the floor or grass or deck with sand -LRB- be creative to keep the clean-up simple and unregretful -RRB- , add rope lights under the umbrella and you got that Luau feeling !! It 's a creation you will keep until the summer ends . Aloha !
 This Umbrella cover is just what I wanted . It came on time and the price was good . It looks good and it is well made .
 I bought my cultivator a couple of years ago and it quickly became my favorite garden tool . MINE is built heavily and does a great job of cultivating . I would recommend it highly .
 When I received the Sleeve hitch Row crop cultivator two of the Cultivator Tangs were not made correctly . I called AgriFab and I was willing to send the two bad Tangs back but the costumer service rep. said , we will send you out two new ones right away no charge . I received them with in a few days . The Cultivator works great for what I needed it for . However , I did have to ream three of the holes so the U bolts would fit right . But it was not big deal .
 If you have a very large job to do you may want to look at a bigger disc harrow . I had about 5000 sq. ft. so it was big enough for me . The product assembled easily and is very well made . Each set of four discs -LRB- there are two sets -RRB- has an adjustment for the angle and spacing between the sets . The discs are assembled onto a large shaft and are separated by spacers one of which is the bearing journal for the shaft assembly . There is a grease fitting on each bearing journal to prevent wear.You will should have a Brinley type hitch on your tractor so the harrow can be raised off the ground for transport . On top of the harrow there is a tray which will hold two concrete blocks for weight . I used 8 `` x16 `` x4 '' solid blocks -LRB- about 40 lbs each -RRB- . It worked very well but it might even work better with more weight -LRB- 8 `` x16 `` x8 '' solid -RRB- . I do n't know if that is a standard size but it can easily be made filling a regular concrete block with cement . I 'd cement in a bent rod to use as a handle so it will be easier to lift the blocks.Your tractor will know your pulling it so be sure you have enough power . If you do n't have plenty of power use less weight . `` Order Tree '' was the vendor I purchased it from on Amazon.com . They are excellent with good communication and fast shipping . I had the item in a few days . I would highly recommend them .
 Hooked cultivator on to my riding lawn mower and used this to knock down dirt clumps after sepic and water lines were put in -- Saved me time , hard shovel work , and money . I did not have to pay someone else -- Plan to use to do more leveling work in Yard -- Good Buy -- Thanks
 it works like it should just had to exstend the atchment so it would not rub up on my 4 wheeler tires .
 Liquid Fence has been mostly effective in protecting my plants from grazing deer . I seldom see them though out dog senses their presence and wakes us with her barking.The deer are fond of my lilies and hosta . Tulips I 've given up on.The product does work as evidenced by the lilies and hosta still surviving into July , a first with us.However unless I use the Liquid Fence more frequently than as directed , the deer will return with a vengeance . I use the Liquid Fence once a week or more to keep the deer at bay . I did n't spray a bed of hosta on my last spraying and the deer ravaged them even though the hosta had been sprayed well within the recommended time frame.I supplement the Liquid Fence with garlic spray and cayenne pepper . Miss one application , and the deer will make you pay .
 This spray does stop our pet rabbit from eating the plants in our garden . But the smell is really strong . After spraying it , I ca n't eat dinner any more . It 's a good way for diet I guess . When you want to eat , just smell this Repellent , then no more appetite .
 So far this product is doing what it promised . The deer are taking another route through our yard but avoiding all the greenery . It is very smelly but that 's what does the job . Our neighbor was out gardening and had to hold her nose while I sprayed ! But she thought it was worth the smell if our deer friends stayed away !
 IF YOU FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS , this stuff works and does exactly what it says it will do . Simple as that . If it `` did n't work , '' I 'll bet you did n't FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS . How easy is that ? My garden is the only one on the block without a rabbit problem . And , the `` nasty smell '' goes away as soon as the product dries.Also , pet-safe .
 Bought this product after deer leveled my two rose gardens ... . I was heartbroken . Have been using it now for approximately 1 month with great success . I do spray every week , sometimes twice if there has been a lot of rain . My roses are coming back and starting to look good again ! Yes it does stink terribly when you first spray it on , but once it dries , it is not that bad at all , can hardly smell it . Supposedly though , it is still very perceptable by the deer . So far so good . I am happy with the results . I live in a very wooded area of NC , my lot is surrounded by woods on 3 of 4 sides . So if this keeps working , I will keep buying . Rated 4 stars as you do need to spray more than once a month . As said , I am doing at least once a week .
 I love this product . I 've used it for several years . We have a virtual stampede of cottontail rabbits about the time my tulips emerge . The rabbits keep them slicked off to the ground if I do n't use Liquid Fence . With this product they do n't bother them at all . I also use it on my roses to keep the rabbits from chewing the bark off . It does stink though . That 's why I buy the ready to use so I do n't have to mix the smelly stuff .
 This has helped us greatly with stopping the deer from eating our flowers . We had tried a lot of different things and this was the best we found and the best priced .
 Yes it stinks ... and it works ! Once it dries , the smell largely goes away , although pest animals can still smell it just fine . The odor is hard to describe ; not something you want to smell too often.I had a small rabbit eating one of my mums ; it really did a lot of damage . Per the directions , I sprayed on and around the mum , and the rabbit wo n't go near it now . I followed up with another application one week later -LRB- again per the directions -RRB- and then once a month after that . Absolutely no more rabbit problems . I 'm a big fan .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 The three best inventions ? 1 . -RRB- The Wheel . 2 . -RRB- Sliced Bread 3 . -RRB- The Hula-Hoe . Look for videos on YouTube for the Hula-Hoe or action hoe , these are the best tools for weeding . I am not sure this particular model is the best compared to the other Hula/action type hoes but I am having a blast clearing the approx . 1/4 acre of land I have in my back yard with this . For the bigger stubborn weeds , you 'll need a pointed shovel , but the Hula/action hoe makes short work of dislodging small to medium sized weeds from their home . You 'll spend more time raking and bagging the weeds then freeing them .
 Arrived quickly . I bought to replace a hoe that had been in the family over 40 years . It states a professional model and will work but in our humble opionion not professional just basic . It appears quality standards are determined by $ $ . It is the best we could find so it will do , and we are happy to have it .
 Did n't get to use it much as it was at the end of the growing season when I purchased it and was n't to worried about weeds at that time . But it did work fine for cutting weeds right below the surface . Light , long pole easy to use .
 It is much stronger and has longer handle than regular hula hole . Great for someone 6 feet or taller . Wo n't need refinishing after a few years . I like the plastic covering on the handle
 Bought this for our doctor boss as there is a running joke of &#34; World 's Best Doctor &#34; in the office . The hardware -LRB- a nail -RRB- will not be enough to securely fasten this to a metal post . It is also a corrugated plastic and I hope that it will stand up to the weather .
 i like that it was as easy as just hanging it over the faucet . The only tricky part is that it moves on you when you try to hang the hose . But for the price , it 's excellent .
 The PGS is , with out a doubt , an absolutely great product . We purchased our PGS K40 DeLuxe grill in 2003 -LRB- differs from the K40 w/Black Cart in that the DeLuxe has larger stainless steel cart -RRB- to replace a much used 20 year old Broilmaster grill . The Broilmaster served us well but over the course of the years but did require the replacement of two burners that `` burned through '' and three sets of the enamelled cast iron grids . When the burner needed replacement for the third time and grids for a forth I thought it may be time to look into what else there was in the marketplace for a quality gas grill . In the course of looking for a replacemant for the Broilmaster I happened to come across a website for a Hawaiian gas grill dealer . Their website spoke of the quality of materials and design of PSG grills and about their experience in selling PGS grills to many of the commercial condo units on the Islands and how , despite high humidity and condo renters who take less then sterling care of the grills , PGS grills stood up to decades of use with minimal care and few replacement parts . Now that was what I was looking for!Here is what I found : PGS grills are made here in the USA ; All stainless steel is not created equal , some grades will rust , and if used for cooking grids , burn out , faster then others ; PGS uses the best grade of materials for the particular application.Now , after almost ten years of being exposed to Maryland and New England coastal climates and usage that averages four to five times a week , 52 weeks a year , rain , snow , or shine , our K40 is still in great condition including the burner assembly and the stainless steel cooking grids . I am in the process of converting our K40 from propane to the conveniance of piped in natural gas so while I have it apart and giving it a `` deep clean '' I am going to treat the K40 to a new set of ceramic `` Moom Rocks '' . You can not beat that for durability in my book .
 Tired of constantly replacing parts on your cheaper gas grill , or having to buy and assemble a new one every two or three years ? With a PGS grill , those days are gone.It may look simple , and it is . But the materials are first rate . It should last virtually forever ... even the burner . I am able to leave mine outside WITHOUT a cover , without any problems . It just works.Speaking of working , the heat is spread very evenly inside , so you 're not burning one burger while waiting for another to cook . Fish ? Perfect . Few flareups . I can not say enough about the cooking performance of this grill.Do yourself a favor and junk the cheap grills . This may just be the last grill you ever buy .
 Should have paid closer attention ... Ever seen tires made of NYLON ?!? Mine certainly ARE !! They simply do n't smell , look , feel or react quite like rubber tires.Still , they more or less function as planned for the little , light trailer which I put together.Note
 I looked at local places for some pneumatic tires , they were 3 times as much and not nearly as nice as these . I needed two of these for a beach wagon , and they turned out to me much nicer than I even thought they would be . A great item for the money .
 We bought a Craftsman aerator on sale the tires were dry rotted . But I found great replacements from this company . Great price . Fast delivery . Much Better then the tires we had .
 Received the two wheels with tires on time . Very easy , smooth transaction . Very satisfied .
 Needed this tire to replace a flat one on my handtruck . Tried to get the local hardware store to fix it but they wanted three times the cost of this new one . It came in no time and I 'm back in business for far less than I could have spent .
 Great whell but hole is too small for lawn wagon . I am going to make it fit.By the way , does it come with a bigger hole.Thank for a great deal , Grover Jr. .
 Works great for a good price . Easy to install and is as good as the original equipment . Would buy again when needed .
 With this purchase , I was able to replace the flat tire on the hand truck ... Fast shipment too and fair price .
 The Grilla Grill Tools are by far the best . They are very well constructed and made to last . They are heavy-duty and comfortable to use . For the price , you ca n't beat it - I would buy nothing else .
 Use this set all the time . I love to grill and this is the first set I 've found in this price range that is built to last with the proper care . Stylish too ...
 Yep ! This was a bargain at about $ 160 per chair five years ago . I 'm sure they cost more now . Very comfortable with a seat cushion . They are my regular indoor dining chairs although I bring them out to the patio outside in season . I applied furniture wax and they still look great . Teak last nearly forever - longer than we do . Pass these on to your grandkids .
 what can i say they are lawn tractor tires but i really like them they are doing the job that they were made for i would buy them again if i need to .
 The tire is heavy duty and fit perfectly . This is the second one I have purchased.It is much more durable than the original tires that came on the trailer .
 Previous tire exploded and we could not find another one in any store . This one matched perfectly . Would purchase again .
 I bought this to replace one drive tire on my Craftsmen Tiller . The old tire was cracked and would n't hold air any more . I did n't realize how difficult a job this would turn out to be . I was able to get the old tire off , but as hard as I tried , I could not get the new tire on the rim and seated . After bruised knuckles and a lot of cursing , I decided to pay my local tire shop do the job , best $ 10 I ever spent !! No fault of the tire itself , just the nature of the beast , the tire seems to be well made and works well . Good price too !
 Great tire replacement . Looked the same as the old one , but is much stronger than the old one . Delivery was quick !
 The tire a bought for my dad and his cart that he connects to his lawn mower . the delivery was slow . I think there was a storm . but it fit great and no issues
 Looked all over locally for this tire before I looked on Amazon.com . Found it almost immediately from one of Amazon 's partners and it is a perfect match for the tire I needed to replace . Great price , fast delivery , terrific product . Wagon works so much better with 4 tires !
 This cool looking , versatile , perforated hybrid of the time honored kitchen standards of the west
 This is a must for grilling vegetables and seafood . The folding handle allows you to adjust the flame perfectly . You have to try it !
 The Toro #L 2010 1 '' auto valve adapters that I ordered from an Amazon vendor were to repair and replace the Richdel valves I have had for my sprinkler system since we put the system in new in 1979 . The valves in the old sprinkler system were falling apart and replacement parts are no longer available . -LRB- Richdel was assumed by several prior valve manufacturers , including Hardie , Irritrol , Lawn Genie , and Toro in that order . -RRB- The cost for the new adapters probably came out to about the same as what one would have had to pay for all the internal replacement parts if they were any longer available . The great thing about these adapters is there is nothing to assemble . One merely disconnects the old solenoid wires , unscrew the old valve from the Richdel etc. base , drop in the new Toro valve adapter , tighten as needed , reconnect the solenoid wires -LRB- they come with new solenoids installed -RRB- , adjust the water volume you desire and the job is done . I have salvaged all the parts salvageable from the former valves -LRB- and there were a few not worn out -RRB- for use later if repairs on the current ones are ever needed . I felt I was indeed fortunate to stumble upon the the existence of the Toro valve adapters , purely by chance while waiting for service in our local sprinkler shop . Without these replacement adapters , my only alternative was to junk the whole existing system , manifold and all , and install a new one with currently available new valves for which replacement parts are available when needed . That would have required a great deal of labor as well as the expense of purchasing and assembling new piping for a manifold and a whole new set of valves -LRB- use six of them -RRB- which would have cost at least as much if not substantially more than the Toro valve adapters cost me . -LRB- Plus I have a few salvaged parts available for future use if necessary . -RRB- Altogether a good deal
 Some web searching for a simple way to convert my manual valve to automatic led me here . Even if my old valve was a `` Lawn Genie '' and the new name is Toro the part number is the same.Follow the directions . Turn off water supply , unscrew the manual valve part , install automatic valve , turn on water , attach to controller and twiddle the adjustments to get the desired flow.I 'm not someone that likes working on plumbing and this was outside of my normal comfort zone . Very happy when it all worked like it should .
 I 've used this type of rake for many years and it 's my favorite . It handles well and lasts for years .
 I prefer this type of rake head but such rakes do not seem to be available in the typical brick-and-mortar stores around here anymore , so I turned to Amazon.The aluminum handle is super light , but sturdy enough that it wo n't flex or bend with normal use . Rubberized grip is comfortable . The steel head seems as good as any other . Have n't had it long so I ca n't speak to durability yet , but I do n't see any reason for concern . Overall a light and comfortable rake of good design . A +
 I have rose bushes extending across a 50 long , 25 foot tall wall that require pruning at least three to four times a year . Needless to say , standing at the top of an extension ladder with my little pruners , constanatly shifting the ladder in 18 '' increments along the wall was getting old . This pruner , however triples my reach and significantly decreasing my pruning time . The cut and hold feature is great for keeping rose clippings -LRB- and sharp thorns -RRB- from falling on your head or catching on the vines below . This pruners is sharp and requires less effort to cut than my hand pruners . Highly recommended !
 I love this tool . I have very tall and large roses and can now prune the tops without using a ladder . It also holds on to the thorny branch that I just cut until I drop it in the garbage can . No more pricked fingers . Definitely worth the price .
 These scissors are unbelievable . I do n't think there is anything they can not cut . My husbands uses them for cutting tin . Cutting like a hot knife through butter . Highly recommended .
 Wonderful scissors -- I could not be more happy with them ! They represent great value , for the price ... much more durable than others I 've purchased for approximately the same price .
 This is my favorite tool for cutting flowers because it holds the flowers it cuts . Other things I like are that it is light and easy to hold in one hand and cuts cleanly . The feature that makes this pruner outstanding is that cut flowers do not fall out of reach when using it . The pruner holds the cut flower securely so it can easily be retrieved it from the jaws of the pruner .
 This ARS Long Reach Rose Pruner , 2-Foot Reach LA-15006 , is a fine tool and I am happy with it -LRB- although overpriced perhaps -RRB- . However , be warned that the picture of a scissor-like tool does NOT match the actual tool . It is not scissor-like all al except for the handle . The cutting end is like a hand pruner with a quarter-moon blade -LRB- very sharp -RRB- . . The scissor-like handle operates the cutting/holding blade via a wire running through the aluminum shaft . That said , I like it and recommend it . But , Amazon should be more careful in its depictions and in its descriptions !
 Well constructed bird house . No bird families built in it this year -LRB- they used the old houses -RRB- but there is always next year ! I 'll leave it up all year so they are familiar with it in the Spring !
 No door for cleaning , misleading picture as it comes to you unpainted . It still seems to be constructed well though , so I am ok with it . Hopefully next season my little wrens will thing it 's ok too !
 Not as well built as other house I purchased but already have had wrens busy doing their thing in this house . Replaced 2 of 4 wren houses , cleaned out nests from a year ago from 2 older houses and this house was picked first this year . Not sure how many pairs staid this year but at least this house has been busy . This house is as well built as the older houses that have withstood 5 years outside and still in good shape .
 I applied this to my lawn for the first time this year and it seems to be working well . We just bought this house last year and I found out that my lawn is a weedy , patchy , crab-grassy disaster . So this year I decided to try the Scott 's four step lawn care program . Step 1 is this product.From what I can tell , it is working really well . My grass has come in very green -LRB- greener than my neighbors ' lawns -RRB- and seems fuller than when it originally started . And I 'm not seeing a bunch of crabgrass , and it absolutely did not burn my lawn . I 'm very satisfied with this , and will continue with the program in hopes that the next phase -LRB- Scotts Turn Builder with Plus 2 Weed Control -RRB- will prevent me from being the neighborhood king of the dandelions for the second straight year in a row.Note
 Great product for my tall fescue grass , it did n't burn it at all and it prevented crabgrass , just like it says .
 I was surprised that these worked so well . I tried them when I was in a crunch and did n't have anything else available . I told friends who dropped by that these were n't very good and I preferred the other ones that I was using . That changed several days later when seeds sprouted at an excellent germination rate . These are so easy to use , and they work very well . Certainly they live up to the ` no mess ' claim . I just ordered more of them .
 It is the perfect replacement tire for my Scotts mower . Gave it four stars because it is very difficult to mount the tire .
 I have two other pole clippers , no other clippers allow you the control as these do . One hand only allows to have the other hand free . Well built , sturdy , good length , all around great item . Delivery was very fast .
 The twisting handle and extension arm makes it extremely easy to prune my waterlilies . Excellent value for the money .
 This pruner is well made , solid , telescopes easily , and cuts well . What more can you want ? I am very pleased with its performance .
 Have used this three times and it is a perfect gardening tool ! I am 6 ' 4 '' and have a few young trees that I needed to prune at the top . Now I can reach the tops from the ground . Took it over to my brother-in-laws house and he was able to prune the tops of his `` rose of sharon '' . I plan to buy a couple more next year as presents . Hope Amazon carries the replacement blades and the other attachments .
 I saw professionals using it instead of reaching on ladders . Found it on line and saved hundreds by doing it myself . Easy to use . Great for ornamental trees and bushes . The packaging was way too huge , but the product did arrive safely .
 I love to work in my beautiful yard in Flordia . This ARS Long Reach Pruner is made well and works with such ease . For trimming high trees and crape murtles it 's fantastic . I love it . Thanks for selling this product . I would recommend it to everyone.Happy gardening ... Marsha
 I am very familiar with Scott 's products as my father used them on our lawn when I was about 5 years old . I remember our lawn being the best in the neighborhood . I too , now that I have my own home , use the full line of Scott 's fertilizers and start with the Turf Builder with HALTS in early March . I then apply this product 6 to 8 weeks after applying the TurfBuilder with HALTS . It is now the end of April and I have a few more weeks to go before I will be ready to apply the Turf Builder with PLUS 2 Weed Control , but my lawn looks the best in the neighborhood already , with 1 dandelion on a 3/4 acre lot . I do n't know how it got there , but I had to pluck it out of the lawn the other day . I will say that this product says apply to a wet lawn and you MUST do that . Since May can be a hot month where I leave , it is important to water your grass regularly and do n't go more than a few days after the application without watering and you better not spill any on your grass because this is a chemical and you need to take precautions -LRB- Never fill your spreader on your grass , always use the sidewalk or the driveway -RRB- . Read the label carefully and if you follow the directions you will have a beautiful lawn . I follow the 4 cycle plan and have never been dissatisfied .
 I 've used Turf Builder Plus 2 every summer the past 6 years and only had a slight lawn burn once the very first year . The general rule of thumb is to lightly water the grass immediately before you apply it so the fertilizer particles stick to the weeds and kill them . Afterward , make sure the lawn gets a thorough watering no more than 2-3 days later unless it gets a good soaking from heavy rainfall in the meantime . My lawn is usually weed-free within a week 's time after applying the product -- it eliminates hours of back-breaking weed pulling !
 I have used this for years it turned my lawn from dust and weeds to a beautiful green grass . Although once put down it does need watering about 2 times a week . Or it will just burn your lawn in the hot sun . . Found out the hard way last year : -LRB- Note
 I applied this to my lawn a couple weeks ago and am quite happy with the results thus far.Before applying I read and followed the directions on the bag -LRB- directions are clear and easy to follow -RRB- and at this time about 95 % of the dandelions are dead/dieing . At this point I ca n't say that the grass itself looks much different , but it looks very nice overall - in fact my neighbor complimented me on how nice it looks - so I 'm quite happy with it.I waited until it rained -LRB- waiting for the rain to stop of course -RRB- to apply - as you 're supposed to apply the fertilizer when your grass is wet . We then got a few decent rainy days a couple days after the application so I did n't have to worry about watering - so it would seem Mother Nature was on my side in making this a successful venture.If you have dandelions you want/need to get rid of this seems to get the job done very nicely .
 Excellent product . It killed all the weeds and teh grass is visibly better . I think I probably used too much at some spots that initially dried teh grass but it quickly recovered and my lawn look great now .
 I dont know what that guy is talking about but I 've been using the Turf Builder line of products for years , and have had no issues - only a beautiful lawn of Kentucky Bluegrass with immediately killed dandelions .
 I use this product as the first fertilizer in the spring to kill the weeds and strengthen the lawn as the same time . Scotts always seems to work better than other brands and one thing that I like is that its particles are a little smaller and more consistent in size . This helps it to go on more evenly and provide a consistent application.It is best to apply this product when the weeds are growing and the grass is slightly wet . Your weeds will get sick quickly while your lawn gets a boost that thickens it and makes it much greener . Just be ready to mow your grass more after you use this product !
 I am still waiting for results ... It seems like my grass is really getting better.But we did n't hot sunny days yet to see , how it 's going to affect it ... But fot sure
 Wow , what a difference the Turf Builder made in our lawn . We have a huge lawn and I ran out before finishing the last couple of rows with the spreader . It 's so obvious where I ran out . The untreated grass is a dull green and the treated grass is a dark green with thick grass - almost like carpet . I will buy a small bag to finish the lawn .
 it 's really worked on my front yard and now my front yard lood green and feel good , good one.i 'll order one more next time
 This birdhouse is one of the most beautiful ones I have ever seen . I have it in my sunroom , and it looks fantastic !
 Excellent pruning shears . Cuts thru the toughest stems in my garden . Always use these shears for cutting flowers and tough knots or string ! Also does n't rust !!
 These are the greatest ... I simply put peanut butter in the hole on bottom and set it . Placed it next to the wall with the opening facing my garage refrigerator and less than 24 hours , mouse caught . The best thing is I did not have to mess with touching the mouse afterwarads , just threw the whole thing away . bought mine @ Walmart , same product only cheaper , much cheaper ...
 These traps obviously cost more than others and must be disposed of after use ... but they are worth it . Baiting is so easy , literally drop some peanut butter or cheese in a hole and cover with the included tape . Then you twist the unit until it clicks , very simple!No poison and kid safe you simply put this hockey puck out and with a bit of luck you wake up and see the unit 's mouse entering hole is closed a red indicator says `` Mouse caught '' then you take the whole hockey puck and toss it!D - Con claims the trap is an instant kill with internal pressure plates and I certainly back that up from what I can tell . No muss , no fuss , no gore , you do n't even have to see a mouse .
 Even though these are relatively expensive compared to other types of traps , they are far cleaner , easier , and so much safer than having rat poison floating around in your basement or under your sink . I had great luck with these , and caught eight mice -LRB- one per night -RRB- and after that , no more mouse problems for the entire season . I highly recommend . By the way , I baited them with peanut butter .
 Have this hanging up in my apartment and love the concept of a big `` Bucky head flag . '' Honestly , it 's high quality and really sticks out ... what more could you want?Got one each for my brothers for Christmas a couple of years ago and they both fly them outside their houses on football Saturdays .
 ARS has a good reputation for quality pruners . I had one pair that were the best ever . This new model is not as good as the heavy duty pair that I used to have . It is good for light pruning of roses and bushes but I would not recommend it for canes thicker than 1/2 inch . I am still testing my 120DX model . I wish I could review the pruners in another month to see how I did pruning 1200 rose pushes , 50 fruit trees , and 25 grapevines.A word of caution ... Make sure that you buy the pruners directly from Amazon as one of the Amazon Warehouse sellers substituted the cheaper 130 pruners for the real 120DX model .
 These are razor sharp and cut through remarkably thick branches as long as they are live . The point is so sharp , however , that they are difficult simply to toss into a pocket . I suppose that they are made for serious gardeners who always have a holster .
 This is my 3rd pair of the ARS pruners in the past 20 + years . I still have my original pair , lost the second pair . They maintain their sharpness longer than most other brands and have a comfortable feel in the hand . I will never buy another brand as long as ARS continues to make these .
 These are the best pruners I 've ever used . I 've been gardening for over 40 years and I love love love these ! They are angled so that they are a perfect natural extension of your hand . The latch to hold them closed has a position to sit while you are working so that it will never flop over and get in your way -LRB- as every other brand seems to do -RRB- . They cut easily . If they ca n't cut through something , then you should have started with a saw in the first place . The y shaped spring has a smooth easy action and hopefully it will withstand the test of time . I ca n't testify to that yet . I 'm a small woman , but I wear a size large in womens gardening gloves , if that helps you figure out the size of the grip any .
 These are the best ! Stay sharp and easy to handle.Buy them ! Far better than the others .
 This is a great pruner for deadheading , harvesting fruit and vegetables , or whatever else . They are well constructed , light-weight , and have long lasing stainless blades . I expect them to outlast me with minimal care .
 I buy these ARS garden pruners to pass on to my best friends . I also buy and keep several handy for myself - in my back pocket , another in my car , another on my garden bench . Buy one for yourself today . They are a great find .
 The ARS fruit pruners are excellent for almost any small pruning job . The compact size is perfect for a woman 's hand . I work in the landscape business and use them every day .
 I observed this pruner being used by a professional gardener at a talk on roses at my local garden center . She said she enjoyed its ability to get into tight places and also remove large canes on roses and other ornamentals . So easy to `` snip , snip '' in close quarters .
 these are so sharp and the shape and spring makes them so easy to use . . Mine . fits my hand perfectly . . I ended up . buying more as gifts ... everyone loved them .
 I do flower arranging for a living and I hate to say but I have bought over 20 pairs of these clippers as I often accidently leave them in the garden or accidentely throw them out with the flower clippings . . but they maintain their sharpness and they are lightweight making them a dream to use and they are the best gift . . as I have given many of them away . .
 I bought these for my wife and she said they work very well for what she wanted them for . They a appear to be of good quality . Based on the other reviews I read before purchasing these , I 'm sure they 'll last a long time .
 I received these today and plan to use them over the weekend . They 're beautifully made and the blades are sharp with a nice protective cover . They extend to 3 preset lengths which hopefully will meet all my needs since I already have the cordless B&D hedge trimmer wich leaves a few `` chewed '' looking branches . Now I 'll be able to donate my old craftman that weigh too much for prolonged trimming.Hooray !
 Very lightweight and sharp . Has good handle extension . So easy to use and reaches in places you ca n't reach with regular clippers . Love them .
 Light weight but sharp . Well constructed and worth every penny . I have vines on a trellis that I did not want to climb very high to trim . This was the exactly what I was looking for in expandable shears !
 I had previously purchased a smaller set of ARS shears and found them to be excellent . The shears I am reviewing ARS 28 have a weight to reach that is great and the blades are very sharp and work well . Though at first they seem to appear `` CHEAP '' due to the plastic handles and light weight but that is not the case for they are easy to work with for long periods of time without causing fatigue . I have n't used them enough to see how long they will hold their edge or how well the blades will sharpen when dull .
 very light , easy to use , sharp . I have only had for a few months , so am holding off on the 5-star rating until I see how it holds up over time . Love the extendable handles , they really help reach things that are difficult even while on a ladder .
 Needed clippers long enough and light weight enough to reach the back and top of hard to get to shrubs . These shears/clippers are perfect . Price was very reasonable , even more so because they save us the cost of a professional trimming . Very pleased that I can do more of the trimming .
 These shears arrived today as I was working in the yard . I put them to use immediately . This is an excellent product . They work beautifully on rose bushes and crape myrtles when extended to their maximum . I have another pair of short ARS shears that I also like very much .
 The ARS 28 - to 41-1/2 - Inch Hedge Shear HS-K900Z is quite nice . I particularly like the thin profile of the sharp blades that allow me to make more precise cuts when pruning my Jerusalem sage . The telescoping handles are a pleasant bonus . It 's handy to have a thoughtfully designed tool precisely , when you need it . This one has earned its spot in my tool shed .
 definitely a nice tool , lightweight , simple , well made , good cutting blades as other reviewers have noted . Like much better than using power hedge shears.My only complaints are that I did not buy sooner , and that they do n't make an even longer version .
 My husband wanted a cordless pole hedge trimmer , so I went on Amazon to find one for him . In my search , I also found these extendable hedge shears.I thought they looked handy so I bought them too . My husband has really found them useful and has commented to me several times on how much he likes them.They give him a little more exacting control in trimming .
 I purchased this product because I have two areas of concern in my yard
 I used one of these for a year as a person who does landscape maintenance -LRB- for 30 years now -RRB- . It is super sharp and can cut through rather thick stems . The handles extend way out to reach difficult spots . I like it to reach into smaller palm trees to cut off old palm leaves that have many thorns . Nothing else works as well . It works well to reach up into and trim giant Bird of Paradise plants.I can stand up without stooping to trim lower bushes . In many applications nothing does as well as this tool . The only drawback is that the blades are rather short so if you have large hedges they take too long to use . They are a bit on the pricey side but for me it is well worth it as I have found no other tool that can do the things these do . Another company used to sell these but ARS bought the rights to sell this product . Their price is about $ 15 less than what I paid for the 1st one from the other company . They are well made and strong but still light in weight .
 We had a problem . We planted 500 running feet of vetiver grass for hillside retention . Vetiver grass is great for bio-engineering , in our case retaining a steep hillside , but when vetiver grass is fully established , we found it too tough to cut with a Fiskars hedge shears . So we tried a power hedge trimmer , which broke the grass rather than cut it cleanly . Then we discovered that the Japanese make hedge shears with really sharp blades . So we ordered this ARS model . The blades are razor-sharp . The tool is light ; the handles are excellent . And best of all , the shears did a great job on our vetiver hedges .
 For centuries the Japanese have been perfecting the art of sword making . The ARS shears are made in Japan and follow in the same tradition . Model K-900Z . Weight 950 grams , 150mm blade length , overall 720-1050mm . Light aluminum handles and razor sharp nickle plated blades exude Lexus-like quality . Nothing competes with ARS in this class of extendible shears . However , if you 're looking to trim 150 ' of privet hedge with these shears stick with the more convenient power tools . For fine tuning your prized flora beyond the reach of mere conventional means , the ARS wo n't disappoint .
 This is a very useful and well designed product . Light in weight and very sharp cutting edges . I prefer the accuracy of this to electric clippers .
 I was a little hesitant when I opened the box and saw how long the extension handles are . The handles are a little awkward when fully extended , but it surely beats having to stand on a ladder . They are super sharp but amazingly tough hedge trimmers . They are well worth the price . A tool I 'm proud to own .
 Makes hedge trimming so easy . Super sharp and easy to use . Similar to a brand we buy at our County Fair , and every bit as good .
 When I purchased these shears , their light weight was a plus but really worried me concerning durability . Sure , they eventually broke . But they only broke after years of abuse and while attempting to cut something far above its grade . I 'm absolutely buying them again .
 This is without a doubt the best shears I have ever had . It is so clean cutting the tree . No Browning after a few days .
 Clean cuts , easy to handle , and the extendable handles help me get to spots where I 'd otherwise need a ladder .
 I am giving this 5 stars because the previous reviewer gave it 1 star because they ca n't read . I am sick of people rating stuff they do n't own . The dimensions are given , and this is made to fit the Strathwood chaise , it is not a universal cushion , nor does it claim to be .
 After watching the squirrels ignore the corn I put out for them and attack the bird feeders ... . They still try but only one made it by leaping from the roof -LRB- one story -RRB- and then slid off .
 so much waster bird food so I was ready for a solution . This fixed it instantly . NO squirrels have even come near my birdfeeder after I set this up -LRB- setup took 1 minute and sticker came off so easily -RRB- .
 The squirrel baffel arrived in good shape having been packed quite well . Many squirrels will be `` baffeled '' as a result of this purchase .
 This Squirrel Baffle is very effective . The only think I was disappointed in is that this baffle could not stay on my pole . I had to purchase a special clamp for the pole to prevent the baffle from sliding down .
 Have n't had trouble with squirrels since I received this ... easy to assemble . . a little wobbly on pole but thats ok . . does the job . . Fast delivery ... would buy again .
 Service was excellent . Item arrived when promised . Item was as described . I would definitely order from this company again .
 This Squirrel Baffle really does the job . There are seeds in my feeders now . This Baffle fits all small poles .
 I found the product to be very good . Just as advertised and I am completely satisfied with my purchase .
 I have a feeling that if the squirrels really wanted what I have hanging on my feeder , they may not be baffled by this product but so far none of the little bushy tailed rodents have tried to circumvent this device because of the easy pickings provided by kind hearted neighbors . The product assembled easily , stays in place well . I pulled off the sticker very slowly and most of it came right off but I got impatient at the end and gave it a big yank and left some sticker behind . From the looks of things , this product will work with a square shepherd 's hook pole as well .
 It was easy to install , and has kept the squirrels away from the feeders . I would recommend it for anyone who has birdfeeders .
 I have very smart , feisty squirrels and this stops them from crawling up to the bird feeders . I have one of the thin poles that branches at the top to two &#34; hooks . &#34; This baffle tightener did not go quite small enough for the pole , so I wrapped aluminum foil underneath it . It works . I was able to get it tight enough to stay in place and hold up the baffle .
 We had an old shears that we were going to sharpen - but I thought we 'd just buy a new one . After some research , we ordered this one . I tell ya , even though it costs a bit more than others , it is SO worth the price . It cuts through the shrubs like melted butter . I ca n't believe how well it works - how sharp it is . I am so glad we bought this instead of trying to resurrect our old one which never worked half as well as this one.Buy this - you 'll love it .
 After 12 years of use I had to replace my first pair of ARS K-1000 Hedge Shears . I chose to replace them with the same shear because I found the angled handles to be more comfortable than regular straight handled shears . I have small hands . The narrow handles are a nice fit . The blades stayed sharp after 12 years of use on laurel hedges , rhodies , and evergreen shrubs around the perimeter of both my house and my yard . The shears do n't replace my electric trimmer , but they really perform well for their intended use . I like the fact that ARS provides a protective cover for the blades .
 I have many garden tools , but this is the sharpest , most dependable yet . Just what I had hoped for when I ordered it .
 I have been searching for these shears for two years . They are the same shears used by the gardeners at Versailles to trim the topiary in the gardens . What a great find !
 I find it hard to believe any tool could work this well . We have a large `` collector '' garden with many conifers and maples . A good friend who is an extraordinary plantsman introduced me to these . As you get more and more used to them you can use them for even fine work . Then are very , very sharp but also quite light . They are nothing like normal hedge shears . I noticed one person gave them one star and said his knuckles smash together . That is impossible out of the box unless he has hands as big as a gorilla . However they are lightweight aluminum and if you tried to cut things too fat or too hard or slammed them together hard repeatedly you could bend the handles and then indeed your hands would get closer and closer to each other . He needs to have them `` unbent '' , if that is possible , and the be a bit less rough on them . This tool is so sharp you really do not need to be slamming them together hard .
 This ARS 241/2 inch hedge shears fills a void I once had . It is somewhere between a lopper and a true hedge clipper . It is extremely light weight and very sharp . I am very impressed so far with the craftsmanship ; the quality reminds me of my Felco hand clippers.I have a plant that has tough sword-shaped leaves that had been hard to trim . I would whack and whack at the plant with sharp shears but would n't completely cut it . Not anymore ! The sharpness and reach of these shears made the job easy.Its lightness makes it very easy to use at all angles .
 The shears available at the home improvement stores are nowhere close to being sharp enough to trim the cloud pines that I have and using pruning scissors took forever and was exhausting . With these shears I 've been able to do in hours what had taken me days in previous years - and with much better results . Well worth the money !
 I bought those so I could shove them into my compost bin and quickly chop up everything I just threw in there . They work great . They slice and dice the thickest stems with no problems at all . Now everything in my compost bin will finish much faster .
 I bought these mainly to cut back my deer grass in the Spring . These decorative grass clumps are very tough and thick . I was barely able to cut them with one hand grass shears . It was still difficult with these hedge shears but very doable . I also used them to cut big weeds and two feet tall grass that had been let go way too long in the backyard . In places where bunch grass was too hard to use my string trimmer I easily cut it with the hedge shears . It seems to work well on any branches a half inch or less thick , too.These shears are lightweight and a pleasure to use . They are relatively expensive but well worth the price .
 These are great . Very sharp and light - so much better than the old heavy hedge shears I used for years .
 A superb tool . I had this tool years ago , but got lost during a move . Been sorry ever since . My new ARS hedge shears are the easiest tool to use in terms of lightness , and manoeuvreability . They are precise and always sharp . I will never be without them again .
 OMG ! These things are the best !! They are extremely sharp ! I had a favorite Smith Hawkins shear . This shear puts it to shame . I love , love , love it . My boxwoods have never looked so good . This is my single most favorite tool . Can you tell I 'm enthused ?
 This tool will trim hedges and shapes bushes very well.And is great for dead heading , pruning annuals , edging lawns , and any other fine detailed job you can think of .
 These are so light and comfortable to work with , they become an extension of your arms . They retain their edge and rarely need sharpening , excellent steel . The weight and balance of how they feel in your grip is so much better than traditional shears , and allows you to expend your energy on shearing instead of handling the shears . You will enjoy trimming and will walk away without muscle fatigue or knots in your neck . Highly recommend these-you will pass these along to your children .
 Lightweight , very sharp , great shears ! Pleasure to work with ! Never thought yard work can be so enjoyable ! Love ! Love ! Love !
 I recently bought two pairs of the ARS-24-1 / 2 inch hedge shears and found them to be highly effective and a pleasure to use . The cutting precision is remarkable . I also have a previous pair from about 15 yrs ago and still us them in one of my locations . I recently replaced the blades which I acquired with the original purchase and was amazed at the longevity of these shears . P. Madus
 The sprayer arrived as promised in excellent condition . It works just as good as the 16 gallon sprayer I purchased recently . I 'm totaly satisfied .
 These shears are the best i ' v ever owned.And they are super sharp.G.E .
 I bought these as a replacement for the pair that I lost . I have also bought pairs for other family members . Primary benefit is that they are lightweight , but still do a heavyweight job of cutting .
 As soon as I took it out of the box I started looking for my paperwork to return it . Then I used it . Wow . I 'll keep it . It 's sharp , durable and lightweight , everything it needs to be .
 These shears are great . They 're not fancy , just single-piece steel with molded plastic handles , but they are razor sharp , and will cut long grass around shrubberies much better than the home-center varieties . An adjustable pivot allows good control of the blades . Time will tell if they stay sharp and are easily resharpened , but I do n't foresee any problems .
 The product I received is not the pictured pruners I received the 19 &#34; shears described , not the loppers pictured , which i was expecting . I I should have wondered why they called them &#34; shears &#34; i suppose . Think they have the wrong photo up for this item , fortunately i wanted both the shears and the pictured small loppers or we would have a problem ! ARS products are great , i have the extension loppers as well .
 I read many customer reviews on hedge shears before I ordered these . I love them because they are very light and the blades are very sharp .
 Extremely lightweight and well designed , Everybody I showed them to was very impressed . They are very easy and effective to work with . One note of caution
 Almost toy-like was the impression I had upon opening the box . Pretty thin metal and plastic red handles , looked like they 'd fall apart on the first hedge . But , so far they have worked great and given no indication they ca n't do some serious shearing . As others have said , seriously sharp . If I had it to do over again , I 'll probably go for a larger size , there are pruning shear size compared to my old wooden handled beasts . I do appreciate how light they are , no forearm fatigue after many hours of chop , chop , chop .
 This shear cuts the things my other shears could not ... thick dry ornamental grasses , dried iris leaves , all my winter die back , and , of course , hedges .
 If you do any bush or hedge trimming in your yard this is a must have . It is light weight and very sharp . The handle is just hollow plastic but the blade is high quality steel with an edge that seems to last forever . This is my second set of shears . The first one lasted seven years and unfortunately the handle broke . I hated to throw it out because it still cut almost like it was new .
 Great product . Able to cut down for the fall many tough iris plants that have always caused us problems in the past . We 're cutting and still cutting with no sign of dulling the blades.Highly Recommended .
 These are incredibly light and super sharp . I bought another much more expensive pair of shears last year , but lost them in my mulch pile . I ordered these and was skeptical that they would be as good , as they were half the cost . But , they are much better . If you do a fair amount of clipping , you will really appreciate the lightness . And , the light weight does not reduce the effectiveness of the shears . I highly recommend them to anyone with shrubs that you need or want to cut manually .
 Great set of shears . Light , sharp and tough . The best sixty dollars I 've spent on gardening equipment ever !
 Love these things ! They are very sharp -LRB- I 've used them quite a bit already & they 've not dulled any at all -RRB- , so be careful . You 'll definitely be happy with the weight -LRB- surprisingly light but do n't let that fool you ; these are n't toys ! -RRB- of these shears & the performance you 'll get out of them .
 The first time i picked up the shears i thought that I had made a mistake in ordering them ... they just seemed too light to be of any real use ... I was wrong ... they are sharp and their weight make it much easier to do a lot o trimming ...
 ARS products are sharp ! When my ground cover Vinca gets too high , I used to use a weed whacker -- until I got bitten by underground hornets or wasps who react to the screeching noise . Now , when I suspect trouble , I stoop over and cut the Vinca -LRB- horizontally -RRB- with my ARS hedge shears . A plus for me
 I have been using ARS pruners for years . I never knew they had pruning saws until I saw them on Amazon . These hand held pruning saws are fabulous . I have over five acres of landscaped property that I work on all the time . I have purchased many different saws over the years and I can honestly say that these are the best I have ever used for hand pruning . Great product .
 Love this saw . The blade is thin , and the handle and sheath are plastic , but it gets the job done . Very sharp . Great for pruning but I also use it for cutting down small trees . Only takes a few strokes to cut through a 3 inch thick tree .
 At first I thought this saw , with a plastic handle , was pretty flimsy . But it is all in the quality of the blade . It is so amazingly sharp . I have used it to trim small trees and it cuts branches in a few strokes . A great little tool to carry on your belt when you are doing yardwork . Very lightweight , but extremely effective .
 This Shepherds Hook is just the righ height for our garden and lets my wife have her humming bird feeder and watch them come to eat .
 Bought this for my parents to hang a bird feeder and works just fine ! Very happ with it ! Thinking of buying another one !
 This worked great for my homemade birdfeeder . Was pleased w/this item for the price . Was perfect size ! Came already assembled
 it 's a hook . what else is there to say . I got what I anticipated.more words to get to 20
 This is a very nice hook . I bought it because I needed something low to the ground for my hummingbird feeder . It worked like a charm !
 It 's a great hook for all types of shepherding . I mainly use mine in my sleep , but even so , I am averaging 47 sheep per REM cycle per hook . I have 12 hooks ! Imagine the jumpers I 'll make when I wake up . Nice ...
 Cover fit well over the table and all the chairs . Is well made and tie downs are included . Very happy with purchase .
 This cover fit over my table and chairs very well . It seems sturdy and well-constructed . My only complaint is that it is difficult to tighten the drawstring to secure the cover more tightly to the furniture . The total circumference is large . Four drawstring points rather than two would have been better .
 Amazon doesnt list the true dimensions . So I had to go on other sites to get the dimensions . My patio set is 53 x 79 , so this should have fit it because it says it 's for a 88 x 59 . So I should have had plenty of room . Even though I can tell the quality is fantastic , this is an issue and I will likely have to order the larger size than this one . Amazon ... if you are listening , it would be great if you had the dimensions and then a note that it 's not quite true to size and to order a size above .
 Good quality - thick , well made - but needs more closures on the bottom so it 's not as loose . Has only two velcro straps , on each side , to hold it down . Has a elasticized string that you can -LRB- supposedly -RRB- use to tighten the bottom , but it does n't work - you ca n't tighten it enough , only the first inch or two after the opening . But good price and good quality , overall , I would recommend it .
 The quality of the table cover is great , but it would be even better if it had a hole in the center -LRB- for an umbrella -RRB- or a zipper that would enable you to leave the umbrella in the table . It 's a pain to have to remove it every time we cover the table .
 Amazing quality , great price . Looks great and so far is holding up well this winter . I highly recommend his product .
 Not only is the quality better then I had with my old covers they look good too!Perfect fit for my 72 inch table . I did not tuck my chairs under . I have the &#34; Stackable Chair Covers &#34; for those ... but it 's so roomy that I could .
 I made the mistake of buying an extra large and only needed the large , but the quality is wonderful . Much more durable that I anticipated .
 This is a high quality , heavy duty cover . It looks nice and is easy to get on and off . The price is right . I did a lot of research and this cover is the best I found for quality and price .
 This cover is one of the best that I have seen . It is made of heavy duty material and it has sewn in handles to make the cover easy to manuever when using . I actually bought two covers . One to cover our BBQ because it is very large -LRB- 102 '' Wide -RRB- and no one make a BBQ cover that size unless you have it custom made . This cover was big enough cover the BBQ . The other cover I bought was for our double chaise lounge chair . I could n't find any chaise covers that would cover it beacuse it too is oversized but this cover did the job and it holds up well with the rain and lawn sprinklers in the backyard .
 I just received this table cover and am very pleased . This is a high quality product
 We have only had this for short while , so I ca n't attest to how well it will hold up . However , it does appear to be very well made and very heavy duty . We got the extra large ; it is the right size ; due to its weight , it is easier to handle with two people . I have a couple of complaints . There are not enough tie downs , and we had to use bungee cords in order to tie it down well enough that the wind does n't blow it and the furniture away . The day after we covered our furniture , we had a pretty big storm with a lot of wind . The cover had blown off and the chairs had blown across our deck , because the cover was n't sure enough using just the included tie-downs . Another complaint is the draw string at the bottom . It is elastic and very hard to pull , because it goes all the way around the bottom . It should not have been been made of elastic , and there should be two draw string pulls , one at each end . It is totally useless the way it is - we could n't use it . That was disappointing , since having a useable draw-string is important in making the cover work as it should . Be sure you have a place to store the cover when it is not in use . The XL is just that , extra large , and will take a lot of room to store - we have n't quite figured out where we will store it yet . All and all , we are happy we got it . I will write a follow-up review if we encounter any problems with this cover in the future .
 This table set cover is very durable , waterproof and heavy . I 've purchased other brands , and it is not only better priced , but looks like it will last for years longer . In fact , the only complaint I have is that it is so heavy , it was hard to use the drawstring tighteners at the bottom . I am very pleased with this item . It fit perfectly on my rectangle table with 6 chairs . I put a riser -LRB- box -RRB- in the middle of the table , underneath the cover , to make it drain off water without pooling .
 I Love this cover . It is extremely sturdy and well made . I would recommend it to anyone . I bought the large thinking it would just fit with all six chairs but it is too big -LRB- MY FAULT -RRB- . Do n't hesitate to purchase this .
 This has protected my deck table and chairs -LRB- including cushions piled on the table -RRB- from several storms . It gets really windy up on my roof deck and the two clip on tie downs really hold it tight , as does the drawstring . Very happy with this product . I only give it four stars because I have n't had it through the winter . That will surely be the test !
 I did a considerable amount of research before I purchased this cover . Amazon had the best price anywhere and purchasing this item through the Amazon web site was a quick and easy process . When the cover arrived -LRB- within a very short period of time -RRB- , it was exactly what I had hoped it would be . Heavy duty , well constructed and the perfect fit . I would strongly recommend this cover to family , friends or anyone considering purchasing this cover . Great product , excellent online purchase experience .
 Over the last six years I have purchased two other covers for my table and chairs but this one has been the best . The material is very sturdy and is easy to keep clean . Would like it to have clips on all four corners instead of only two but it works ok .
 We just purchase a new patio set for our father for Father 's Day and this cover works great ! Its a heavy material that keeps the table , umbrella -LRB- folded on top of the table -RRB- , and 6 chairs clean .
 This product is GREAT for large patio table and/or those with larger chairs . I looked in every store for a cover that would fit my table and not one place had what I needed . The cover is made out of nice , heavy material and is able to stand up to the elements very well . I highly recommend this item to protect your patio furniture .
 This patio table cover is an excellent product . I was very impressed by the weight of the fabric and the generous cut of the cover . It easily covers my large oval table and four chairs and is heavy enought to stay in place and be effective . I would certainly purchase this cover again .
 Great heavy duty product . What would make it even better would be several more long tie down strings or straps around the circumference of the bottom of the cover to anchor to various chair and table parts . The current design of a drawstring and a plastic buckle just on each end makes it a little difficult to securely tie down against the wind , when your patio set is a less than perfect fit for the cover . Still , a great product for the price . I also own one of their barbecue covers , and it works great and is also of high quality .
 It is heavy duty and doesnt tear , like my last one , when its windy . Doesnt blow away either .
 It was so hard to shop for a cover for our patio furniture . Most of the fabrics are so `` tech-y '' , it 's hard to know what they 'll be like . This one is fabulous - very substantial . Ca n't imagine it blowing away even without the bungee drawstrings . Generously sized - fits our table , 4 chairs and 2 swivel capt 's chairs . I saw many others which were more costly but you can not beat the price and quality of this one ! I also purchased the umbrella cover and will likely buy other covers for my other pieces as well .
 Very highh quality ... big enough for my table and 6 chairs . A bit awkward to put on and remove , but effecient and able to protect my set .
 We have only had this table cover on for a month now , but it is very sturdy and strong for the winds we have been having . It was larger than expected , so it more than covered our patio set . There was even room to put my flower pots underneath all the edges of the chairs . I would buy again .
 I wish I had purchased this a year ago . This patio table and chair cover is made well and covers everything . It even has elastic drawstrings to secure it in case of high winds . I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend this product to friends , family & even you !
 Product is well made . Just had it for one month so I will not be able to give a full report till spring of 2011 . Get the large size if you have a table and six chairs.The cover also has a cinch cord on the bottom to pull the cover tight . Only one suggestion . If you live in an area that receives a substantial amount of snow , I would lay some boxes or some item that will not tear into the material in the center of the table to form a ` tent ' shape to repel snow and rain . I will adjust my rating after I examine the cover next spring
 I bought this to cover my hot tub -LRB- along with the existing insulated cover -RRB- and it 's PERFECT . This one covers about halfway down all four sides to the floor . Because it 's a heavy material it throws nicely over the top rather than fighting it like a giant shower-cap . The oval shape fits fine too.The alternatives were from $ 60 to $ 80 , and althought they have elastic around the perimiter -LRB- to keep it snug around the tub -RRB- , they were constructed to drop only about 6 inches down the sides . Yes , the idea is to just preserve the expensive insulating tub cover but why not have more coverage .
 I have a nice patio set , but had to ` unassamble ' it everytime I used it because the chair cushions would get wet and dirty with the pollen , the rain , the wind , etc. . . Buying a cover for each of the 6 seats was almost more expensive than the patio set and I was n't happy about the idea of removing the plastic cover from each chair ... So I was thrilled when I found the Table & Chair cover - our patio set is a fairly large rectangular table and six very wide chairs and the Veranda Set cover fits perfectly . It seems very resistant ; we 've had rain the the last few days and the cushions are completely dry . It is very easy to put and secure , love it.Even my husband declared that this was a great investment .
 I bought this cover over a year ago to cover my wood patio set . It rained much more than average last summer and my furniture still looks like new ! The cover is 100 % waterproof and is very durable . I just bought a second one exactly like it for if/when this one needs to be replaced .
 Cover appears to be well-made . It does the job of covering my oval table and surrounding chairs . It is barely long enough to cover the end chairs and far too wide on the sides , so I just pull the side chairs out a little to take up the slack . It works , just not perfectly .
 This cover is awesome . It covers my table and 6 chairs with cushion . The material is heavy , it has a cinch cord as well as straps to keep it from blowing away
 Cover is heavy duty and in my opinion superior to many others on the market . The weight of this cover and locking leg clips keep it in place in strong winds . It does a nice job in keeping the chairs and table dry as well . I strongly recommend this product and I am sure it will last for many years .
 I bought this to protect my rectangular patio table and 6 chairs over the winter . I live in Wisconsin , so I wo n't know until spring how well the cover held up and protected the set as I need to store it outdoors . The cover itself was large enough for everything and it 's very sturdy , quality and seems like it will hold up great . Looking forward to spring ... oh yeah , bought mine at Walmart.com as it was cheaper over there . Sorry Amazon !
 Looks great and is durable . Rain resistant as advertised . Great product and price , would recommend it to someone else . had it for over a month
 I ordered this particular patio set cover because I have another from this company that I have been using for several years . I have found it to be durable , effective , and attractive - and it has seen three wet , cold , and snowy winters in the Pacific Northwest . It still looks good with little fading , is still supple with no cracking and easy to put on and take off , and it still is very effective at keeping the weather off the furniture . I like the features such as the handles/straps to help remove or position the cover . The tie-downs and elastic cord around the bottom also work very effectively to keep the cover in place during windy weather.I purchased the extra large version - it easily covers a rectangular table and six chairs , with two of the chairs at the end of the table ; the bottom of the cover still reaches to the ground.I had purchased another brand - more expensive - from one of the high-end stores in town last year to cover additional furniture . This cover did not last through one season without cracking and fading significantly . The cracking led to moisture seeping through and causing some mildew on the furniture.This most recent order was delivered quite promptly , as I have come to expect through Amazon . I have already opened and used it on the patio , replacing the more expensive cover that failed after the first year.I am also impressed by the variety of covers in their portfolio , and will likely be ordering more in the future . I am satisfied with this product and recommend it to those considering a purchase .
 The covers completely covered our new teak furniture , and the neutral color was ideal . This is a great product . I am able to put an entire sectional outdoor seating under this . It is the same material and probably the same company that sells to its customers .
 cover is nice as expected ! Great quality and definitely waterproof . It also has straps with clamps on two sides . this is my second one . it says it has a 3 year warranty . I get a lot of sun on the deck so hopefully it will last that long .
 Just got it . It 's got the right amount of heft . The material and workmanship are very good . So far we 're very happy with it . It covers our outdoor table and six chairs very adequately keeping it all dry and clean from the morning dew .
 The patio cover set is awesome and serves the purpose . It will definitely extend the life of my patio set . I recommend the product to anyone.Thanks
 I have a large rectangular patio set with 6 chairs . I had purcahsed a cover at Walmart that just was not big enough so I returned it . I then found this cover on Amazon and decided to take a chance . It arrived yesterday and it is awesome . Much heavier and nicer looking than the Walmart cover . The handles on the cover make it easy for 2 people to lift and place over the set . I also really liked the straps so you can anchor the cover and do n't have to worry about it blowing off if the wind kicks up . This looks to be a superior product for the price . Time will tell if it will hold up to the weather .
 I bought this patio table cover for my IKEA Falster table and six chairs.It fits this table -LRB- Table dimensions
 The prior cover for my table and chairs was carried away by the wind one too many times and I needed to replace it . I just received this one , and so far I 'm very impressed with the quality -LRB- gave it 4 stars simply because I do n't know how many wet , windy Pacific Northwest winters it will last -RRB- . But the quality is excellent , from the material to the buckled straps that can be used to anchor the cover , to the drawstrings that tighten the cover , to the handles on the side to help you place & adjust it.I had purchased custom covers from the store where I got my patio furniture 3 years ago ; I wo n't name the retailer , but they 're kind of a `` fancy '' brand . :-RRB- Those covers were nowhere near the quality of this one , and the `` fancy '' retailer was asking $ 400 for a new cover -LRB- yes , you read that right ! -RRB- . As a result of this purchase , I 'm strong considering getting the Veranda brand chaise covers as well.Information on my table/chair set in case you 're considering this one
 There 's nothing not to love about this company 's line of covers . They are first quality , strong , dependable , and good-looking . I 've used these for years and when they wear out -LRB- whenever that is -RRB- , I will replace it with the same . I have many of their products .
 This is our first winter using this . Have this covering our patio furniture - was impressed by the thick and seemingly well-made material -LRB- though will probably add some comments in a year or so to see how it holds up against the UV and harsh Iowa winters -RRB- . Keeps the snow and water out , while the rubberized strings and velcro straps holds it tight.We have it covering our set which consists of 2 wicker side tables and 5 chairs - bigger than I thought but covers our furniture adequately .
 We bought this since the ones at Local hardware store were junk , This has a 3 yr warranty we will see if it lasts more than one summer
 We 've only had this for a few weeks , but it seems to be a good quality product . I like the size . It fits over our table and 6 chairs with ample room . It 's a nice color ... might be a little worried about it getting dirty , but really not a big deal . We had some pretty strong winds the other day and unfortunately it blew off , across our yard , even though it was cinched tight . Hoping that was just a fluke .
 Perfect for my outdoor furniture . Super item works great fits well and like the fabric for outdoors . Water does not go through . I might use it in the summer to protect from the sun .
 I bought their BBQ cover a few years ago so I knew Veranda made some quality covers . I bought the large table and chair cover to protect my outdoor living room set . Just to give you an idea , it 's composed of a 4-seater couch , 2-seater love seat , and a coffee table . When I cover the set , I put the couch and love seat together and toss the coffee table on there . When pushed together , the set measures out at 104 &#34; L x 71 &#34; w x 34 &#34; h . As someone else mentioned before , rain water will collect in the middle and slowly seep in if it 's allowed to cave in the center . That 's why it 's very important to place something in the middle of the set to create a peak that will allow the rain water to run off . I used an inverted bucket .
 It was very good quality and fit nicely , We are hoping to get three years out of it . Well designed .
 This cover is very nice . It is heavy and much more sturdier than the cheap one at the hardware store for a lot more money . It has a elastic tie at the bottom so you can keep it snug . It fits also around the whole table and chairs .
 Great looking product , fits nicely and a heavy-duty fabric that looks like it will stand-up well to our Arizona desert heat !
 This cover is of high quality . Very thick material and appears to be very durable . It easily covered my oblong table with 6 chairs . The tie downs are nice to ensure it does n't get blown off of the furniture during windy storm . I anticipate this cover lasting years .
 Large cover of basic tan color easily covers teak table , 6 folding teak chairs & teak glider for protection from the winter elements . Have had it only 1 season so do not know it longevity for being outdoors .
 Its a good cover for its price , I lived in So Cal and its survived a couple of windy days.I highly recommend it .
 I have purchased several covers by Veranda -LRB- grill cover , table etc -RRB- . The exterior is canvas like and the lining is a rubberized material . Very heavy-duty and very high quality and waterproof.I will continue to purchase Veranda products .
 We used this to cover a patio table -LRB- rectangle -RRB- , 4 arm chairs and 2 swivel chairs . Works great with plenty of room .
 As many have stated when searching for this type of product , many covers are not as large as they say . I ordered another cover that says it covered a `` large '' table with chairs , but it was WAY to small . This cover covers my table and 6 chairs with ease . From end to end , including chairs pushed to the table , it easily clears 108 '' . You can save on another cover , but it probably wo n't fit .
 This is a replacement for another cover that lasted me only two years before it tore.While it has not yet experienced the extremes of a Northern Westchester Counter winter , which is the reason I only rated it at four stars , my initial impression is that the material is much stronger than the more costly cover I originally purchased.I have not experienced the problem others have reported related to the wind lifting the cover . Perhaps this is because my cover is a perfect fit over the table and chairs that it protects .
 This cover was too big for my set but reordered the large instead . Cover was made very durable and heavy stitching . Seems like it will hold up very well in the winter months with snow and rain .
 Second cover I 've bought , expect a good 4-5 years use out of it with no special care through some pretty tough winters .
 This is a great product and fit our needs perfectly . Our table is rectangular with six chairs and it fits perfect .
 This was a great cover but then we got a new dog who decided it made a better chew toy . I would buy it again but we will wait until we get a little dog training in.Bottom line is it 's a high quality item and worth the money .
 Good value . Measurements accurate . Excellent quality . I wish there were more drawstrings or buckles to anchor it more efficiently . Did the job that I needed it for . I would buy other covers like this .
 Nicely made , quality product . Great value . Only wish it had two more clips so it would be securely held down on all four corners .
 Fits my requirements well . Fast on time delivery . Clips and Drawstrings hold in place during windy days . Durability of material looks promising for long term usage .
 This product seems very durable with heavy canvas and straps to attach to two table legs . I also bought the grill cover and feel confident that this product will sustain my table through snow and winter weather
 Very large , able to accomodate table and 6 chairs . This is a high quality cover and looks great so I do not have to move these inside this year .
 I am quite satisfied with this cover It 's size was described correctly , and it is well made . The only thing I would have added would be two more anchoring straps .
 The cover fits my large patio table and 6 chairs perfectly , almost like it was made for it . It will save my outdoor furniture from the 110 plus degree AZ summer . It 's also nice that when I have visitors I can just easily take the cover off in seconds and have everything clean and free of bird poop and dust .
 The patio covers arrived in two shipments . They were as advertised and seem to be very good quality .
 The covers are durable and fit snuggly over the chairs and tables . I wished I bought them a few years ago . I live on top of a hill and it gets very windy . Very happy with the product .
 I ordered this patio cover based on the numerous positive reviews on your site . I am very impressed with the weight and quality of this cover . Only complaint is the difficult in pulling the drawstring tight due to size and weight of the cover . However , this drawback does nothing to diminish my satifaction with the cover . Plan to buy more for my other unprotected patio table and chairs -LRB- 4 more to go -RRB- .
 The patio cover was of good quality and I liked the color . It did n't compete with my back yard . Fast delivery .
 We have owned this cover for 1 month now . It is solidly made and the waterproofing is great . We have arranged the furniture underneath the canopy to make sure no pools of water are allowed to collect in low pockets that are easy to occur when you cover the furniture . We have also used an old plastic garbage container to raise the canopy to make sure the water runs off freely . We live in upstate New York , and I am sure that during the course of the variable frozen and unfrozen precipitation we get , the cover will hold up better if we do not allow the water to pool over our long winter . We shall see when Spring comes , but right now I think it is going to hold up well ! I purchased another cover for a chaise lounge from another reputable manufacturer , but it does not appear to be as solid as this one . Again , we shall see when Spring arrives again .
 Good item , I got this item on timeGood productIt was I expected when I order this . I recommend .
 These are well worth the money . They are very heavy duty and we have them on all of our outdoor furniture in the off season .
 I bought another cover prior to this one . It lasted in the Florida sun for less than three months . The Veranda cover is superior . The color is neutral , the fabric is quality and it is made extremely well . Happy shopper
 I finally sprung for a quality cover . Glad I did . Nice vents , drawcords , plenty of room . Only possible improvement would be more tiedown points . We had a windstorm with 60mph winds , and I see the cover has blown sideways off the entire assembly . It 's still attached , and the table did n't fall over , so again , I 'm pleased !
 good quality , nice size , adequately covers the entire table and 6 chairs for the winter ! heavy enough so it stays put in the wind !
 We 've only had this cover for a couple of months . It seems to be holding up very well in the strong winds of Kansas . Nice neutral color , good sturdy stitching .
 have had this for over 2 years and it works great . our patio furniture is protected from the winters and keeps the furniture pretty clean during the outdoor season .
 I have had the table and chair cover , umbrella cover , and separate chair covers for 6 months . They appear well made and are extremely easy to put on and take off . They are not flimsy like less expensive covers and have stood up to 40 + mph winds .
 Very good cover , get the largest one because even the large was just barely big enough for my patio set . The quality of this cover is really good , it 's thick and heavy will definitely last a very long time .
 I bought the 94 '' round cover last year . When we needed to replace the cover we bought from Plow & Hearth -LRB- it only lasted one Winter ; do n't waste your money -RRB- , I naturally decided to buy another one of these covers . We had a lot of snow in PA this Winter and both covers held up very well . So once again , I would highly recommend this product.And again , the only reason I did not give this product 5 stars is because it only has two straps to secure it to the chairs . It would be better if it had four straps to secure it in high winds .
 I do recommend this table and chair cover set if the chairs are not high back . I 've ended up with a pool of water after every rain storm just because the patio set has high back chairs . With the exception of one storm with high velocity winds , everything still stayed securely covered throughout the rainy winter . In retrospect , it would have been better had I purchased separate chair covers and a table cover . The covers are very well constructed , durable , good -LSB- heavy -RSB- weight with nice features such as draw string and ez to open & close clasps to secure straps to chair legs . High quality , visually pleasing .
 I actually came across this while looking for a BBQ cover . After reading the reviews I decided to order these covers for my patio table set , BBQ , fire pit and umbrella . I did not have previous covers for any of these items except the BBQ so I do n't have anything to compare to . But , from the BBQ cover standpoint this cover is THE BEST of all the ones I looked at , and at an unbelievable price ! My previous BBQ cover -LRB- a Vermont Castings -RRB- was about twice the price and only lasted a couple of seasons . I 've only had these covers for a month so will have to see how long they last , but judging from the way they 're made I 'd say they should last for quite a long time -- would bet more than the 2 years my previous cover lasted . All the covers fit well , but if you want the cover to almost touch the ground for the patio table set I 'd say order a size or two larger than actual measurements . I ordered 1 size larger than actual and the cover is about 10 '' from the ground with all the chairs pushed in . A couple of really nice features about these are
 The material the cover is made of shocked me , I was thinking it would have been really thin . The price I paid for the cover was great compaired to others I looked at .
 My patio set is rectangular with high-backed chairs , and I went through every full patio set cover that Lowe 's and Home Depot offered in store - every single one of them blew off in our Texas winds , even with the pull strings pulled tight . This one has stayed on and kept water out , due to the two plastic leg clip-close straps in addition to the pull strings . It may make more sense for them to be `` kitty corner '' from each other , as they are on the same side , but it does the job well regardless .
 This was pretty much as advertised . The only negative I have is that the draw string bottom is hard to pull since it is an elastic cord and is as big around as the cover . It 's pretty much useless . There are some buckles with clips that can fasten around a chair leg on each end . I used the clips along with a couple bungee cords around the loops on the outside of the cover and fastened those to the legs as well . We had a big snow and live in a very windy area . The cover has n't moved and is keeping our furniture dry !
 This is wonderfully made . The piece was a perfect size for my Woodard oval table and six chairs . It looks great , is heavy , so I know it will stay put even without using the straps provided to hold it down . I ca n't believe I waited so long to buy this - going to buy more of the Veranda products for my other furniture , I know this will be around a long time , and it has a 3 year warranty .
 The cover worked out great . I bought it for a very large rectangular patio set and was shocked that it fit everything . The handy straps that ties to the chair or table legs help with the fit . Just wish they put more of those straps in , there were only two .
 My husband had no trouble putting this cover on , which fit our large table and the chairs . It is sturdy , and even in the very heavy winds we 've had lately , has n't offered to budge at all .
 Very well built and thick , wind does n't move it as much as my previous one , the two tone color blends well with my flagstone patio and accessories .
 I searched around for a new cover after the first plastic cover from Sears I had on my patio table set was ripped to shreds after just three years -LRB- two of them held together with duct tape -RRB- . I paid almost $ 30 for that one.This is a great value for the $ $ . It seems they 've thought of everything
 Unbelievably good quality material ! This product will last many seasons . Very , very pleased !
 I just purchased a new patio dining set , wanted to protect it from the coming Montana winter and bought this cover based on the reviews . It is very well made of canvas like material with a waterproof coating and the drawstring cord really helps make it a snug fit . It is also attractive-the price is truly amazing for the quality of the product .
 This product is well worth the money . Its sturdy and covers well . The material is really durable and not cheap plastic . Its a great buy .
 It is heavy duty and fits what it was advertised to fit . The price is right . It will not rip in our hi east winds in the Columbia River Gorge.DNLEWIS
 This is a very heavy duty cover which will keep my table and chairs covered all winter . It is big and fits over the entire set up . I am very pleased with this cover and the storage bag I bought for the cushions .
 Excellent and well made strong cover and will last many years . Cover is well fit on my expensive out door furnitures . thanks
 This patio table cover seems to be very well made and fits my table and six chairs perfectly . The length is just right , it goes to about six inches from the ground , which allows air circulation but offers plenty of protection from the elements .
 So far I 've been very impressed with this cover . We have n't had it very long , so I ca n't attest to its durability , but at this point it has been great . The material is much heavier than I expected , and it fits very well over our rectangular table and six chairs -LRB- the chairs do not push in under the table -RRB- . There are vents to help prevent mildew , two handles to help arrange the cover , two straps to clip around table or chair legs to hold it in place , and a drawstring around the bottom that can be tightened from either side . The only change I would request at this point is to the drawstring
 Great cover so far . Have n't removed it since I put it on , but it looks like it 's doing it job . I have it covering my table and six chairs and the cover goes down to the ground .
 We bought this patio cover last year and it worked out well , especially during the rainy season . It 's thick and well made ; large enough to cover our patio table with six chairs . I like the fact that I can strap down the sides so the strong wind does n't blow it away . Best choice we 'd made .
 I had purchased patio furniture covers from another online store that lasted barely 6 weeks . We live in South West Florida and had yet to have experienced any bad weather this year , we needed covers that would hold up in our rainy season.I have to say that I am so impressed with the quality of the Veranda covers , they have a good heavy weight material and fit very well plus a three year warranty . For once my Husband did not complain about cost and was very happy with my purchase.Amazon had the best price especially when you apply super saver shipping .
 The fabric reminds me more of a heavy boat canvas . The price is extremely reasonable . So far it 's held up to high winds and countless inches of rain . The best thing is to come out side , lift the cover and sit right down to a clean table . I plan to buy other pieces from the same collection for all of my patio pieces .
 This particular `` Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover 70932 , Large , Pebble for Rectangular or Oval Table up to 108 '' Long '' is exactly as describe . It is constructed with what appears to be very strong and durable material or materials.It is also `` snug-fit . '' My only reservation is it 's overall weight-very heavy which means that it probably will last for several years . Shipping was quick too , superfast ! without any additonal cost . Thank you .
 Bought through Amazon . Very strong , great quality . Very satisfied customer since summer 2010 . This has been able to handle all the rain , wind and at present snow .
 Very happy with this and the style . This will be the first year used so we shall see how long it lasts , but my first impressions are that this is going to last many years . It is very thick . Because it is a light color , it may stain easy .
 The sides do not come down very far when covering my table and chairs as my chairs wo n't fit very far under the table . I was able to secure the cover well and although it will probably pool water in it as the chair backs are higher than the table , I can remedy it by placing something upon the table to elevate the center to allow run off.I have n't had this on through any storms -LRB- we recently had Superstorm Sandy and a Nor'easter the week after in NJ and I did n't want my new purchase to fly away , but it has met with some moderate winds and seems to not even be affected by it . . the fabric is reinforced and durable in appearance so i assume it will hold up over time .
 This cover was easy to put on and appears of a very good quality fabric that will stand up to the weather conditions in the Northeast .
 Very heavy duty , nicely made cover . The elastic around the bottom does not gather as well as the ad says it does , mainly because the fabric it 's made of is so thick BUT because it 's a well made cover , I do n't think I 'll have any problems with it blowing off ... it seems pretty sturdy .
 This cover was exactly what I was looking for and I would recommend this product to anyone.Just needed to configure the table and chairs , so it would n't collect a pool of water on the top .
 Since I just received the covers , I ca n't speak to how well they will hold up but they appear to be well made of excellent materal . They are attractive and color and size was as shown . Shipping was prompt and the price was right .
 The patio table and chair set cover is well constructed with neutral colored weather resistance fabric . The cover does run large .
 I could n't get mine to look like the picture , but since every set of tables and chairs is different , you ca n't expect yours to look like what 's in the marketing piece . The elastic on the bottom is great because it helps hold everything down . Be aware that since it wo n't fit perfectly smoothly it will get puddles when it rains .
 Quality of the cover is very good . I think it will last a long time . Wish it was little bit longer to cover the back of the chair completely
 I waited until after Hurricane Sandy to put my new table & chair cover in place . However , due to the quality of the material and the fastening devices , I think it can withstand most stormy weather . The straps on the bottom of each end convinced me it could hold steady under strong winds . The easy-to-use buckled straps were fastened to each end chair so this cover will stay put under most circumstances . To encourage water to run off the top , I placed and upside-down plastic flower pot in the center of the table . When it rains the water should easily flow off the top of the covered table . The medium size was perfect for my needs since I had carefully measured the table and chairs before making my size choice . This cover , although new , seems to meet my personal standards for quality .
 This is a great patio cover protecting your patio furniture from intense sun and mild to moderate rain -LRB- CA weather -RRB- . I owned one before and it lasted more than 3 years . Good quality .
 Just covered my patio set with this . Quite large enough to cover the table and six chairs . Strong , sturdy material . Do n't know how it will hold up over the winter and will add more comments then . My one complaint so far is that they should have more of the snap straps to connect the cover to the furniture . They have one at each end . They should at least have one at each corner for more security.PART 2
 This table cover made of very strong fabric , is sized generously , and stores well . I live in Massachusetts and we get some harsh weather throughout the fall , winter and spring in the form of heavy rain , snow and ice , and hail . This cover has lasted a full three seasons outdoors , and a full season in storage -LRB- folded haphazardly and thrown in the basement -RRB- . When I pulled it out to cover the patio set this fall , it was in perfect condition . no stains , rips , or mold . It looks very nice covering my outdoor furniture.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because it only has two heavy-duty webbing straps with clips to secure to the table legs - diagonally on opposite ends . I would have preferred four straps - one for each table leg . Other than that , it is the third , best , and hopefully last patio cover I will ever buy .
 I bought this for my rectangular patio set that has 6 chairs . The cover was so big I was able to slide a wicker table and an umbrella base all underneath the cover in addition to the chairs . This fabric is sturdy and not at all cheap-feeling . And I like the leg clips in addition to the draw-string for added security . I bought the grill and loveseat cover previously and was so pleased with them that I bought the patio set cover . A couple complaints though for the patio cover . First , it needs at least two more clamps to go around the legs . It only has two . That 's fine for the smaller covers , but not for one this big . If they are n't going to supply more clamps , then they need to provide two more areas to cinch the elastic . It is impossible to pull the elastic very far with something this large . One modification we made -LRB- which had nothing to do with the manufacturer of this product -RRB- is that because the chair backs are taller than the table , it caused a bit of a `` bathtub '' in the center and we were afraid that over time it would discolor and mildew the cover if water was allowed to sit there . So we bought a 4 ' wooden pole and stuck it through the table 's umbrella hole to keep the cover propped up and allow water to shed . All in all , I 'm happy with this product . We 've had some very heavy winds and it 's still in place , although it does tend to get some uplift winds and shift , requiring me to straighten it out every now and then -LRB- hence my complaint about needing more tie-downs -RRB- . But for covering all my furniture , so far so good !!
 Have had this for one winter season in Washington state , so far it seems to be holding up well . The clips around the bottom to hang on to the chairs is definitely a good piece of mind that the wind wo n't carry it away . We put a small table underneath to make the middle higher to allow for rain runoff .
 I purchased this patio set cover about a month ago . It arrived very quickly -- within 2-3 days . The cover is thick and a nice , neutral color . We have a very large round table with four lounge/couch-style chairs that fit around it . The diameter of the table and chairs is roughly 9 ` x9 ' . The cover fits over the entire set -LRB- with the chairs pulled in close to the table -RRB- , with about 12 inches to spare all the way around . The chair legs are exposed on the bottom , but it is not really a huge issue . We live in an area that will likely not see any snow in the winter , so this cover seems like it will hold up nicely . So far we are extremely pleased with this purchase , and would highly recommend .
 I like these covers . This is the 4th cover of this brand and style that I have purchased . I also own 2 chair stack covers and a patio heater cover . These are the best that I have found to date . They are well made and have weathered rain , snow , sun and wind with little show of wear . They have out-performed other , more expensive covers I have purchased in the past from `` outdoor '' or `` garden '' stores .
 I am purchasing my 2nd cover . I do like it but it has n't lasted as long as I had hoped . I live in Northern VA and we have 4 seasons , I have to admit the 1st cover has had it 's share of weather , the coldest winter on record , most snow on record and now the hottest summer ever and sadly it has come to an end . I have ordered a new one because I have n't found any other cover to match up to this but do n't expect it to last forever ... my 1st lasted maybe 4 years . All in all , it 's done well but I hoped for a longer shelf life !
 This cover fits our large table and 6 chairs perfectly - like it was made to order . Strong material , holds shape well , and it is attractive . Just love it !
 I have several items from this line , purchased in October 2010 . All are attractive and well-constructed , with quality materials and excellent finishing . The cover material is sturdy yet flexible . The fit of this cover is a kind of compromise . I am using it on a rectangular table with six chairs and it is a bit tight , but the large size would have been sloppy . The anchoring ties for the legs and elastic drawstring at the bottom have kept the cover well-secured , even in 25mph gusting winds with rain , and the table has remained perfectly dry . -LRB- I hope that the performance will be as impressive under snow . -RRB-
 The cover is very nice but I had to return it because of the size . Here is the information you need to know which was not in the listing . When it says `` for a table up to 88 '' long '' , that really means `` for a table plus the overhang for the chairs up to 88 '' long '' . In other words , do n't measure your table . Put the chairs next to the table and measure the whole thing including chairs . My table is 65 '' and this was not large enough.I exchanged this for the larger 108 '' size and was fine .
 Very happy with item . Ample room for long rectangle table and 6 chairs -LSB- 2 swivel , 4 side with arms -RSB- , that do not fully slide up to table . The fabric feels very durable and it looks nice . I believe it will endure an Ohio winter with little or no difficulty . Less than the Home Depot one that cost $ 15 more by the way .
 This is a good hi-quality cover . I have an oval table with 6 chairs and this fits nicely over the entire set . Note a smaller sized cover would not be large enough to cover the table and chairs , you definitely need a the 108 '' to cover everything.I had previously bought a cheaper cover from Kmart and whenever it rained the cover would have pools of water on it . We already have had several heavy rainstorms and this cover was completely secure and the water rolled off it without leaving any puddles . The handles on the outside make it easier to get on and off . This is worth the price to protect your patio set .
 Size of my set is 104 '' x 66 '' & needed a drop over sides of at least 25 '' . cover fits great . Still have approx 6-8 '' extra in length . cover is durable . 2 straps on cover to attach to legs of table with pull string to tighten around table & chairs . Does n't sinch extremely tight but has been fine in strong thunderstorm with winds . Very pleased with product & would highly recommend.Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover 70932 , size large in pebble for rectangular or oval table up to 108 '' long
 We purchased the large cover 2 months ago and have been very satisfied . It covers , with room to spare , our 79 '' x 42 '' oval table , six arm chairs and four stacking arm chairs -LRB- stacked two high -RRB- . Stays in place during high winds with just the two tie downs . Helpful hint - place a box in the center of the table for a tent-like shape to allow water to run off the center of the cover .
 I have an oval table that seats six . The chairs are both stationary and swivel style . This fits the set perfectly . Nice durable canvas fabric , handles to pull to the sides , straps to anchor cover to furniture set . Only negative is it has pull straps to tighten the cover along the bottom , however , the canvas does not move well enough to really pull it taut . Great value , though !
 very thick cover - I think it will really protect the table . It 's also nice and long . I store my chairs inside for the winter , so it hangs down to the deck . But I have stored some plastic toys under there , and I feel like they 're very protected .
 Perfect for the outside cover for my table , fits perfect and now the wind does not blow off the cover like my old tarp .
 This appears to be made in top quality . Obviously will have to see how this holds up over time . The price of the cover is affordable . It completely covers the table and chairs .
 1st time in 5 years that we have n't had to pack up the patio furniture for the winter . Kids were visiting last week and it was easy to pull off the cover and have a seat at the table in about 30 seconds . Seats were dry after almost 10 days of rain . Love it ! Easy to install and take off .
 It feels good to have a cover for my patio talbe and chairs . The winters are snowy and I want my furniture to last for years .
 This is very well constructed and is perfect for covering anything out on the patio and protecting it from the snow and bad weather . Seems like it will last well too .
 This was the second cover I ordered for my patio set , the first did not fit -LRB- my fault -RRB- but this one was perfect , good quality and very attractive looking for a cover . I recieved it within a few days and am very satisfied with my purchase and felt the pricing was relatively inexpensive . Thanks !
 It is made out of a very durable material , good quality . The synch pull at the bottom is not so easy to synch tightly but it does have a strap with a clip to secure it to a chair leg . So far it has worked out for our needs .
 The cover didnt exactly fit the way I expected it to . It seems to be a little short on the sides but I was able to make it fit and stay put with a small bungee cord . It should have had hooks for all 4 corners instead of just 2 . Overall I am satisfied with the cover because of the quality of the build and the quality of the materials . They just could have put a bit more thought into the fastening system .
 Bought it to cover a teak table and chair set left outside in Michigan . Protects from rain and snow . Very pleased ! Much sturdier than big box store kind .
 We 've purchased new covers for our wood patio furniture several times . This product seems to be holding up better than all the rest - more durable and the tie-downs more sturdy . -LRB- A tip we 've learned - place plastic milk crates on the table under the cover to help alleviate water/snow/ice from bearing down and causing it to rip -RRB- .
 This product is used to cover outdoor furniture on my screen porch . While I had trouble figuring out which size to order , I am very pleased with what I received . It is very sturdily constructed and has tie downs which are very helpful . I particularly like the two-tone colors which make it look more attractive and the price seemed reasonable to me . I gave it only a 4 star rating because although these items were ordered at the same time , the main color is not the same dyelot so that one is more yellow-tan than the other . Also I would have put more tie-down straps on them since covering lots of furniture underneath means the ties may not line up with where they are sewn on the material . With having pointed out these negatives , I would still purchase them again .
 This is exactly as stated and shown ; I just wish it would cover the legs of the chairs and table . That said , it is sturdy and durable .
 I purchased 2 veranda table and chair cover sets and was quite surprised how much furniture it will cover . Not only the table and chairs but I also put chaise lounges and side tables under the one cover as well . The cord that cinches the cover as well as the buckles to hold the cover in place on windy days were a bonus . It looks alot neater in your yard then using tarps which is what we use to use . I went back for a third cover for my deck furniture and again was able to get everything covered . You will be surprised just how nice these covers are .
 The quality of this cover is outstanding and much better than expected . Great value for the price .
 I was very happy with purchase . The quality is even better then I expected . It is very sturdy , and seems very durable . I have not yet used it through a winter but we have used it during rain events and it has kept everything dry.It seems like this will last for years!UPDATE
 As with the chair covers , it has been on only since just after Sandy . I do n't like that there is only one hold fast ... would have liked more on a canvas this size . Also since my chaitr backs are higher than table height , water pools in the middle and the cover seams leak . I fixed this by putting an exrcise ball on top of the table and then putting the cover over it . seems to be working , Again the test will be next Spring ... is it durable .
 cover was even better than I expected . very heavy duty . We live in Denver , the cover has protected our outdoor furniture from the harsh uv 's .
 very nice coverings . fits well . fabric is solid and fits chairs and tables well . worth the price ! Protects my furniture well .
 This is exactly what we were looking for and it was a great price . It covers our entire table and patio chairs and keeps all the snow off .
 Nice product that fits will , sturdy and good material . Draw strings at the bottom for a good fit with a solid feel
 this is a high quality product at a very reasonable price -- i think it will hold up to a typical midwesern winter quite well !! If covering a table i would suggest putting a piece of pvc pipe in the umbrella hole and wrap the top of the pipe with foam -LRB- this will protect the underside of the cover from the raw end of the pvc pipe -RRB- . this will crate a tent effect and the water will flow off the cover .
 Wow ! this cover is a nice thick piece of canvas . It is heavy and sturdy , and I do not see any wind blowing this off of my table and chairs unless it is heavy winds that would blow my chairs away with it.I purchased this to keep the pigeons from pooping on my chairs when not in use . Now I can take the cover off my chairs without worring about having to spray wash all the chairs because of pigeon poop.You must know that because the canvas table and chair covering is not in a zipped up bag there will be some dust that will be blown onto the table from the floor , but not anything that serious where you have to hose it down instead of quickly dusting off.This is a good buy if you need to protect your chairs and table from the acts of nature and bird poop .
 I ordered this product to cover an outdoor rectangular table with 6 chairs . My table is bar height . The cover is very sturdy and covers the table and chairs almost all the way to the ground . I like the tabs that allow me to secure it to the table legs . The elastic drawstring required work , but I attribute this to the cover being brand new out of the box .
 I bought this product in 2009 and have used it for 3 winters . It 's heavy , durable , and was a quality purchase overall . We bought a matching umbrella cover at the same time , but it was a bit too small for our larger than average umbrella . I recommend measuring carefully before ordering anything , if perfect fit is important to you .
 I purchased this product to cover a patio table and six chairs . It was received sooner than expected . And while the box it came in was damaged the contents were in good shape . It fits the patio set it was intended for and its material and construction are very robust . With the cover being used outside during midwest winters it looks as though it will be able to stand up quite well . It is actually better than what I expected ; only time will tell .
 Definitely there is the need of the size in inches for this kind of products . I purchased the large size as I did n't want to have the medium and then have to return it -LRB- as I 'm outside the US -RRB- , but it was too large .
 We bought this cover for an outdoor pool table on our covered patio . We 'd previously bought the Villa cover but it only took one time removing it to get a large tear , so we just purchased this cover to replace it and the two can not even be compared . The veranda only cost $ 10 more and is not only a thicker material but also has a rubber lining on the inside to definitely make it waterproof and the material is of great quality . It looks great on the patio , and i was amazed to see after having seen the other material how much better this one is . It feels like a heavy duty bar-b-que cover and I have no doubt it will last several years and not a week like our last one . Wish we 'd bought this one from the start !
 I like the Veranda table cover . It looks great and is well made , a canvas material with plastic lined interior . This is my second purchase of this cover . They only seem to last about five years then the material gets brittle and prone to tears but overall it 's held up well .
 Be sure to include your chair positions in the stated dimensions and you will be pleased . This is made of incredibly durable material , with great design features . Ca n't even compare to the flimsy , ill fitting cover I used to have . I also agree with others , regarding the drawstring feature , the material is too heavy duty -LRB- a good thing -RRB- for the snugging feature to be of much use . Oh well . Amazing price , delivery time . I am one happy camper .
 I was unable to purchase a decent cover for my patio glass table and heavy iron chairs . I shopped in every possible store to no avail . I mentioned this problem to my daughter and she said `` simple Mom , you 'll find it on Amazon.com . Much to my delight , she was 100 % correct . I have often shopped for DVD 's and CD 's but never thought to look for outdoor furniture covers . What I found was perfect.Many thanks , Yetta TroppVeranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover 70932 , Large , Pebble for Rectangular or Oval Table up to 108 '' Long
 I base the `` durable '' comment upon the two chaise covers we have from the same manufacturer that are two years old -LRB- 12 month exposure -RRB- and going strong . The table cover , like the others , is durably constructed and has thoughtful features like the tie down straps and air vents . Best we 've seen .
 Very nice . Sturdy construction . Fits well over 82 '' table and armchairs pushed in part way .
 This was my second purchase from this company . The first was the bench cover.We live on the river , and the quality features of outdoor furniture coverings is very important . I was very impressed with the quality and think it withstand the winds we get off the river .
 This cover is of good quality . The cover is a little short , it barely covers the seating area on the chairs . It also only has two attachment points to hold it in position . I 'm going to get some small clamps to attach around the bottom to hold it taut .
 I 've purchased a smaller patio cover before for another table so I knew the quality of this product . This one also is excellent -- heavy duty & classy-looking !
 A lot of pre-research should result in expectation met - - this product exceeds all expections - - highly recommended for coverage and quality of product - - this was a test order - I am following up with an additional order - - you ca n't go wrong with this product .
 I actually bought this for a large crescent shaped couch that we bought for the deck . I could n't find any cover that was large enough and looked good too besides this one . It worked out quite nicely , I 'm very pleased .
 I was n't sure if it would fit my oval table and chairs , but I went with the XL size and it fit fine . Overall quality is high , this cover looks very durable .
 I searched for a large patio table cover of high quality for quite some time and I finally found it . Great price , excellent quality and nice to look at as well . I may just get more from their collection for some of my other outdoor items .
 On the plus side , this patio furniture cover is in nice-looking neutral colors and is of good quality - heavy-duty , does n't feel cheap or chintzy . On the minus side , the light color shows dirt easily , as well as mildew -LRB- I use a mildew remover spray to hit mildew spots and has worked well -RRB- . Overall , I am pleased with the purchase .
 I 'm extremely happy with the table and chair cover set . I live in an area that has four distinct seasons , so I needed year-round protection . This cover is even heavier than it appeared in the ad . It was shipped in a timely manner and arrived in perfect condition .
 I was skeptical about it fitting our outdoor table and buying sight unseen . this is a very well made cover . the handles help too!will buy more for the rest of furniture .
 After hunting around Amazon for various patio covers and brands , I ultimately chose this one by Classic Products . Make sure you measure carefully and take into account the space -LRB- and height -RRB- that the chairs and table take up . The cover is nice and thick and the special clasps keep the cover in place even on windy days.Tip
 I was very Happy with the Veranda Patio Table and Chair Set Cover . The previous reviews helped me measure to ensure I was buying the correct size . Delivery was prompt and the set was covered before the first flakes flew !
 Cover was shipped promptly . Very durable and with held 50 MPH winds.Could have had additional strapping . Only provided two tie downs ; could have used four for the four table legs
 We are very pleased with this great sturdy attractive cover for our new patio furniture . It 's quite substantial and maybe more than we need for California weather but it seems as though it will last for several seasons at least . The dimensions given are accurate and we were able to fit a long rectangular table and six chairs without a problem .
 The key to this cover vs others is the straps that fasten around the legs of the chairs . There are two of them , although I wish there were 4 ... they really help when it is windy out . My old cover would literally blow all over the place . This one stays put !
 This product is well constructed and heavy duty . It was large enough to cover almost all of my furniture including a folding chaise lounge which I put on top of the patio table . It looks as though it will be durable and last a long time . My only complaint is that there are only two tie-down straps , one on each end . I assumed there would be four . They could stand to be a little bit longer in order to reach the legs of the table but we managed to make it work . The only other thing I noticed is that the elastic draw string cords on each end do not pull through the fabric very well . If you work at it you can get some slack and cinch the lower part somewhat snug but I would like to see it a little tighter at the bottom . Otherwise I am happy with my choice and it looks good on the patio .
 We got several sizes of these covers for our teak deck furniture , and really like them . The only problem is that our outdoor dining chairs have Adirondack style backs , which means that they are higher and flare away from the table more than a standard chair would . The 88 inch table and chair cover is probably meant for a more standard chair set . I 'm going to return it and then buy the bigger one , which is meant for a 108 inch dining set . The lesson here is if you 're on the fence between sizes , go with the bigger one . The cord , straps and buckles make it relatively easy to secure and/or take up some slack .
 Just ordered this for the second time -LRB- first one ordered in 2007 -RRB- . That 's not to say it 's not durable , but we liked it so well and the price is so good that we decided to get a second one to have nice and clean for summer while our current one spends another snowy winter covering the table . -LRB- We also did the same with the grill cover and chair cover -RRB- The colors are a nice set of neutral tones that work well with many types of decor . The material is extremely durable , weather resistant and easy to hose off.They 've changed the description a bit , this cover works for both an oval or a rectangle table up to 88 inches long -LRB- I 'm a little confused by the other review that says they have a 65 '' table and that this cover was n't big enough but maybe I 'm mis-reading it -RRB- . At any rate , I would consider our patio table the `` typical size '' and this fits great .
 Appears to be well made and sturdy . No problems at this point , but no severe inclement weather . Hope that is holds out til spring .
 It works for covering bikes on the patio during winter ! You can use the tabs to lock into the bike frame .
 the quality of this material is very good . THe price is good . the only issue is that the item runs much bigger then stated . beware . i was just to lazy to send it back and get a different size so we kept it and cinched it at the bottom .
 I was surprised at the quality of the products , very good.The table cover fits well , Would recommend these products 100 % Measurements were accurate .
 nice quality - just wish the bottom was easier to tighten , but then I would probably wish it was easier to loosen . I recommend
 This is a very well made cover with more room than I needed which allowed me to cover more than I had planned . I am looking forward to a cover for the BBQ !
 Absolutely love this cover . Great quality . Comes with a cinch strap around the bottom . Went through Superstorm Sandy with no problems , even though we only had high winds , nothing like NJ or NY . Highly recommend .
 ... but we 'll see how it fares during the winter . It has stayed on through some very windy days . It would have been nice to have straps and clips on all four corners rather than two diagonal from each other .
 I waste my time using other brand , Brookstone , after tree months of normal use , it crack and made as great water filter , never responded the guarantee . Veranda has resistance , looks and price .
 These are the best pruning saws made !! I have had one for 10 years and am now replacing it . They are also available with 9 '' and 10 '' blades which may be more useful for some people . You can also get replacement blades for less than half the price of the complete saw . However , these other sizes and blades are not available on Amazon -LRB- they should be -RRB- as the 9 '' blade is actually the most useful for most people . These saws are relatively expensive but are worth it !
 Very sharp , very high quality . Cuts on the pull stroke . Just one caveat - the blade is extremely thin and flexible , so in spite of it 's length , you will have trouble cutting heavier limbs because of the flexibilty on the push stroke . So for lighter work , it is excellent .
 Bought at ACE Hardware Store and it was just magical . I used some other traps before . Actually it looked like feast for ants rather than traps.This product just works - couple days and you see no ants at all.If you decide to buy it - buy several packs in advance . For unknown reason ACE does not have it anymore - may be it was discontinued.Anyways - it works .
 Very happy to find this here after unsuccessfully searching elsewhere . However , it is no longer available from the manufacturer so it will be unavailable soon . Disappointed because this is a superior product , the only one we have found that actually works , and works very well .
 The best I 've ever used . I hate ants ! I use this at our cottage.In the spring after opening , they show up after the first pot of coffee is brewed ! A family member gave them as a gift . So , I gave it a try . I have n't even seen ants go to these baits . The next weekend we arrived , we had no ants ! I now just leave them out all the time . Even all winter . No ants in the spring . Finally I thew them out , and the ants returned!Great stuff .
 I buy these scissors for 18 technicians to use where I work . We work in the flower research and development industry and these scissors are perfect for working on flowers used for breeding . The long `` nose '' on these scissors allow for getting into tight areas of a plant . I highly recommend ARS scissors for all your scissor needs . ARS makes all sizes and styles of scissors .
 Performs perfectly IF you insert your supply tubing inside correctly ! A great product from a great manufacturer -- and no , the b & w ; drawing above -LRB- IF that 's what 's showing at the moment . . sometimes it does -RRB- does n't really depict what you 're buying ! ; -RRB- Recommended without reservation !
 This is the first backpack sprayer I ever bought . I 've had a few conventional tank type sprayers in the past . I could n't face lugging those around anymore so the weed control was n't being done . I decided to try a backpack style and the price seemed resonable for the Solo . I can take care of my entire property in two fills -LRB- 6 Gallons -RRB- and the effort in pumping is negliable compared to a tank sprayer . The tank is marked in gallons but I would n't depend on this , 4 gallons may be rounding up . I put three gallons in it and it registered well above the 3 gallon mark . If this one wears out I 'll buy another one because the time and effort saved already payed for it with the first use . I do n't know how other brands compare but this one has everything I need and the quality is first rate .
 The Solo 425 Deluxe is a great performing sprayer . Glad I got the deluxe model as it has a pressure gauge , a brass nozzle , and padded shoulder straps . I use it for herbicides and it reaches far enough to spray blackberries with enough volume that I otherwise could not reach with my old small hand-pump sprayer . The hand pump works really well and is easy to operate without taking the backback off . Obviously it is heavy when filled to capacity , so I only put 2 gallons in which lasts a long time . Finally , the Solo is easy to clean . Great tool !
 Having used this sprayer for YEARS with not one single problem , I highly recommend it , period . This sprayer will spoil you for the rest . As sprayers can be one of the most aggravating tools in existence , we will never go back to a lesser sprayer ... IF this one ever wears out ! It has given us years and years of top performance !
 I use this sprayer to keep my dog runs free of fleas and ticks on an 18-acre property . I am spraying about 2 acres . Generally , it takes 2-3 refills to cover that much territory . I would rate the product an additional star if the straps were better padded and the unit was easier to lift over my shoulders -LRB- the straps tend to be hard to adjust and therefore hard to get on -RRB- . The sprayer itself does a very nice job , and I had no issues with the adjustable nozzle . No parts have come off or needed to be tightened in a few months of use .
 I like everything about this sprayer.My work is done in half the time and the pump is great , absolutely effortless . . I love both the hollow cone and flat tips.The straps make it so comfortable to carry around.The small profile makes it a breeze to work in tight quarters.I am thinking of getting another . One for pesticides and another for foliar feeding.My hats off to Solo on this one . Makes up for the disappointment I had with the Solo 454 , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 What an improvement over the hand held pump sprayers . This works great in applying any type of fertilizer , inspect spray , etc to your lawn .
 This sprayer has all the features you need and works great . I have had one of the solo 's before and this new one works just as well .
 I had a Northern Tools rechargeable sprayer that could n't handle Roundup because it was too caustic . I replaced it with this ` manual ' Solo sprayer and it works great . The ergonomics are great and the pump handle , which is adjustable , can be put in a convenient location . I like the adjustable spray nozzle and also the fact that the maximum pump pressure can be changed on the unit I bought . I also confirmed it will handle Roundup , although I ca n't imagine why anyone would sell a sprayer that does n't since it 's so popular . Very good design at a good price .
 I used my previous Solo sprayer for hundreds of gallons and 7 years before it malfunctioned . The sprayer is easy to pump up and the pivoting handle is good for storage . The pressure gauge is interesting but not much practical value . Eventually a leak will develop at the hose at the bottom of the sprayer . This can be resolved by replacing the plastic clamp with a metal hose clamp . A complete selection of parts , repair diagrams , and repair instructions are available on-line . There are a number of special parts that can be purchased to improve the sprayer . A deluxe Solo harness will replace the standard harness which is n't very good for continual use . A check valve can be installed to prevent dripping between the lever and the nozzle . A brass or stainless steel or carbon fiber wand can replace the standard plastic one . A check valve can be fabricated to stop any leakage out the top of the cap . If the sprayer came with all these features I would give it five stars but it would then not have a competitive price . For most users it is fine as it is . All a professional needs to make it acceptable is the deluxe harness .
 The Solo backpack sprayer is a very good investment at a reasonable price for a Pro sprayer . This sprayer is very reliable and operates beyond what you would expect for the price.Anyone looking for residential use or professional use should look into this sprayer
 I got this a month ago and just finished getting it assembled . It came in 2 boxes that were 22 X 50 X 84 each . The inside dims are almost exactly 7 ' square floor and 71 '' high at the lowest part of the roof with the outside being the ~ 7 ' 10 '' square and 7 ' 3 '' high at the peak . Part of the time I took on it was for planning & building a wood frame to go under it -LRB- if you 'd like info on my plan for that , leave a comment and I 'll tell you what I did & why -RRB- . I decided on building that to try to minimize issues like uneven ground with the manual emphasizing `` Must be installed on a flat/level surface '' as well as minimizing the chances of water getting in -LRB- yet I will have to lift everything into it unless I build a ramp -RRB- . Once I had that built , it only took me ~ 3 hours to snap everything together -LRB- which I did by myself , although an extra person is recommended -RRB- . I had to trim extra plastic out of several of the rectangular `` holes '' with a knife where another part was to `` latch '' into them to get them to hold . I still have a few of those that are n't totally locked in place , but I do n't think anything will come apart from the few not holding . While assembling the parts , I did need to keep watching for places where a thin part of the plastic would be warped and `` hanging-up '' on another edge while trying to slide them together -LRB- especially when installing the roof pieces -RRB- . A couple other issues I 'll mention , since I wanted to have the back of the shed close to my house , I could n't follow the directions of `` Install back doors , then swing them open to install retainer clips '' . So I actually ended up connecting the back doors to the corner pieces first , then installing the 2 of them together -LRB- and another review I read on this gave me the hints of such issues -RRB- . Also when I was preassembling the pieces that bridge over the doors on each end , the only way I could get enough force on them to snap them together was by pushing them against the ground , yet I think I came close to cracking a part of them from doing that . So you may want to see if you can come up with a way to utilize a `` Grip-tite '' bar clamp or such to force them together -LRB- that 's what I wish I had looking back -RRB- . Comparing the price of some little sheds that are ~ 3 foot wide by 2 foot deep , this is over 10X the space for only ~ 3X the price . Other considerations are this plastic wo n't rot or need painting like wood , but it is n't as strong -LRB- they say `` Do n't lean heavy things on the walls since they will deform '' -RRB- and it could more easily be broken into if you have fears of such . Things look good so far for me , so I 'll update if I have issues over time like a roof/wall leak or such .
 BIC superstore was a wonderful distributor . When I complained that the taylor precision indoor/outdoor themometer was reading 10 degrees lower than it should , they sent me an immediate replacement . When that was also poor they gave me my money back . In conclusion , the product was very poor , however the BIC Superstore was very nice and professional.Howard
 Arrived quickly and packaged right.My old bearings and axle fit perfectly.It 's even heavier than the original part ! Hopefully I wo n't break this one while taking my garden tractor `` off road . `` Between the price , quick shipping , and fast resulting repair it even got my wife to smile.Recommend the product and company .
 Extremely nice , solid . comes with 1 screw and 1 toggle bolt . Holds up to 50lbs . Hung our plant today and the hook adds some ` decor ' to our livingroom!Looks great .
 This is a great item . The grill box is heavy and this bag with handles makes it easier to get around .
 This carry bag is well made and does a great job of keeping the grill box clean and easy to carry
 I bought this grill box to go with the camp chef stove that I have and it is fantastic . I love the integration of the grill box to the existing stove . We use this for camping as well as occasionally for back yard parties to supplement our back yard grill and BBQ . I learned of it from a buddy of mine while we were on a river trip . It functioned flawlessly and cooked our porter house steaks to perfection .
 The bag is sturdy enough to hold the grill box . It is a bit on the loose side . I also put my camp stoves single burner griddle in with the grill box separated by a home made pouch for the griddle . One must be careful not to place the bag w/grill down on hard surfaces or bumping the sides of the bag/grill against anything hard as it will crush the fabric and eventually leave a hole . Enough hits in the general area and then a larger hole will form . I do n't fault the bag/material , it 's just the nature of a heavy metal grill with a few corners in a cloth bag .
 Extra roomy , I store the griddle in there as well.It is well contructed , should last for years.I am conpletely satisfied .
 the hand grips are not stiff.your hands dont hurt after using them.they cut even and crispIt would be great idea to bring thisitem back in stock.the other ones cant compare .
 no problems using this to replace the chain on my Husqvarna chain saw . my chainsaw worked like it was new again
 This one seems to be the best chain for my Husqy 350 . I 've also used Echo and Oregon versions but this seems to hold out the longest in cutting ability .
 I love my chain saw and this chain really works well with it . I will buy another one as soon as this wears out .
 Very tough chain for cutting hardwoods or pine . I used the chains in my Husqvarna 18 &#34; chainsaw to cut mature oak trees up to two-foot in diameter with great results . These chains are the very best for the price that you can buy ! Highly recommend !!!
 My only suggestion is that you buy multiples . Works great , but I inevitably nick a rock or hit something to wear it right down . No fault of the product , just of the user . If you are anything like me , save yourself some aggravation and buy several ! : - -RRB-
 This summer I bought a Husqvarna 450 . I also bought an extra chain , some oil and a few other things . I found this chain on Amazon and it was $ 4.00 cheaper here than it was at the store . I 've been busy this fall cutting up old , downed trees in the woods behind my house . I 'm amazed at how long the OEM chains stay sharp . The chain on my old Jonsered saw would have been dull 4 times as fast is these . I 'm happy !
 This is a great chain for a great price . I 've cut cords and cords of wood with it . It sharpens well . I recommend it highly .
 This is my second order , the two I previously ordered lasted me for about a year 's worth of branch/tree cutting .
 good product good price and perfect fit i could not ask for more i will buy again when a new chain is needed
 I saved dollars purchasing this online . Amazon kept me informed of the delivery progress , and the chain lived up to my expectations.It is a high quality product and performs well .
 What a difference a brand new chain would make ! WOW ! I sharpen my own chains , but having this brand new one on the saw made all the difference in the world . It was like having a brand new chainsaw already broken in like you want it to be . Cuts through solid oak like a hot knife through warm butter ! NICE !
 The chains are exactly what I expected At a very resonable price I need to order more almost too cheap to resharpen
 I have three Husqvarna saws , and finding there brand of chain was helpful . They probably are made by Oregon , but the specs are good and these really work hard and last between sharpenings .
 If you have a Husqvarna chainsaw , what better that a Husqvarna Chain loop for it ? Husqvarna seems to me to be the best product for your $ .
 i 'm going through chain saw blades too quicksometimes in just 30 minutesluckily they are cheap to buysharpening does n't work so well for me
 Sandy but us in a bind - many trees down and a dull saw chain.Ordered these and now I have alot of fire wood and alot more to come .
 Will work with this brand of chainsaw . I 've found just sharpening a chain usually come nowhere near the original new chain when it comes to doing any heavy duty cutting .
 used it all weekend cutting piles of seasoned wood ready for the stove . no complains , does the job and stayed sharp after cutting up about 6 trees .
 The chain was the same as that which came with the saw when it was new . And it cost a lot less than a replacement from Husqvarna or a Husqvarna dealer . I am very satisfied .
 This is the OEM narrow kerf pixel chain loop that Husky dealers typically include with new saw purchases . You 'd be hard pressed to find a better quality anti-kickback chain for less . On a 50cc saw , it goes through wood like butter.This chain does hold an edge quite well with very little stretching . Keep the guide bar off the ground and away from rocks , ice and snow and it will cut all day long . It is just a tad slower when bucking hardwoods like hickory and oak but that 's how it 's designed.To prevent premature wear and stretch , soak the chain overnight in 90-weight -LRB- gear oil -RRB- before installing . Your guide bar will appreciate it as well . Remove the carton paper from the package , invert it and add the oil until it covers the chain . It 's so easy , even I can do it.We 're running a Husky 353 non-cat for weekend warrior firewood cutting . We felled , limbed and bucked three cords of oak , maple and sweetgum with this chain before the chips started getting smaller.I was surprised by how much work this chain will do before needing an appointment with a file . Even then , a simple touchup does the job . A few swipes per tooth with the file and it 's as sharp as new and ready for another day 's work .
 When I bought my Husqvarna 440e , the dealer sold me an Oregon chain as a spare . It did n't last very long , the drive links got all chewed up . I know I had enough tension on it ... so go figure.Since then I buy all my Husqvarna chains from Amazon . Great price , quick delivery , & I 've never had a problem with these chains . Thanks Amazon !!
 Delivered what we ordered and received extremely fast . Very please with everything from ease of ordering to fast delivery . Chains are exactly what was pictured and were exact match to manufacturers parts . Could not be happier with this purchase
 This is what I been looking for in a replacement saw chain.Lets face it , if the chain is of poor design and you can bet the job will not get done.But not in the case of this chain saw.It cuts threw pine , maple like butter.The price is fair so why not buy a couple of them at one time.You will be glad did.Great product ...
 We do alot of wood cutting . this chain fit perfect.also hardly have to keep sharping it.stays sharp for awhile . liked this product so much bought 2 of them . good price .
 dont know where they are made but they seem to hold up well even with my abuse hate this word addeding
 I 've been using these chains for many years . The price I paid -LRB- $ 15.99 -RRB- is 10 dollars less than any of the stores sell for in upstate NY .
 We have tried multiple different chains in our saw since purchasing , but this is the absolute best for the 345 Husqvarna 18inch , and the price can not be beat in our area , so I would definitely recommend this chain .
 What more can you ask for ... a great chain , got here quickly . It does n't stretch like crazy like other brands .
 This new chain saw blade works great ! Super easy install and shipped in no time . I would certainly buy it again .
 I 've had nearly every brand of chainsaw over the years and just as many brands of replacement chains -LRB- including cheap knock-offs -RRB- . My Husky 450 chain saw has been more reliable than most but the chain is the amazing part . For those of you who are familiar with Saw Palmettos you 'll understand the medium that the chain has to cut through without dulling . For those of you who do n't , the chain must cut through a dense fibrous trunk saturated with pulp , liquid and sand while digging into dirt . The Husky chain buzzed through fifty of those suckers before it needed to be replaced -LRB- it stretches beyond use before it needs sharpening -RRB- . At $ 15 a pop , it 's well worth replacing instead of using my precious time trying to sharpen a stretched chain . Recommend it highly over other brands of replacement chains .
 Using this for yearly family camping trip and it is very convenient and strong . Will get another when this one dies
 Perfect fit and very convenient . I would recommend to anyone . It keeps the grill protected and away from getting the grease or oil on other items .
 This bag is a perfect fit and a must have ! If your a person that likes to put everything in its place when your finished , then this bags for you . The griddle for this bag is bulky and I wanted to protect it as much as I wanted to protect the items around it when packing up .
 It 's a good fit and seems well made . Only time will tell if it will hold up , but I believe it will .
 Ordered replacement OEM chain loops for Stihl chain saw . Cheaper on Amazon than retail stores or local vendors . Received chain loops in a few days . Exactly what was ordered . Will be purchasing from this supplier again . Tired of sites that offer low prices then charge exhorbant shipping , processing and handling fees which defeat the purpose of buying on-line . Amazon 's promotional certificates made the purchase significantly cheaper than retail outlets . It is a pleasure to buy from a supplier like Amazon .
 These are tricky to match to your saw bar . Make sure you read the embossed info on the bar and go to Oregon 's web for a proper fit . There is much to consider .
 great price on a great replacement chain . Saw them in the store selling for a lot more . So a good chain and a good price .
 This is a nice alternative to purchasing Stihl chains . They may not last quite as long between sharpenings as a Stihl brand but they are a heck of a lot cheaper . This is pretty much all I use on my Stihl 026 .
 This product was listed as an open package , but when I got it , it was in the original package , but open . Who cares -- the chain was in new condition , and fit just fine . 2 cords of wood later and it is still doing great !
 As a mechanical engineer , my primary concern when first seeing a brochure for the Swisher ZTR2560 was the stamped steel frame as opposed to a frame welded up from structural tubing as featured in other mowers on the market . After seeing the mower in person at a local dealer , I need n't have worried . This machine has a frame stamped from heavy gage steel and has all of the strength and ridgity one could expect from a welded tubing frame.The engine and hydraulic drive units are from well known manufacturers and the build quality is excellent . The mower arrived at my door in a well designed shipping crate that fully protected it duriing shipping and it was full of oil and ready to go upon arrival . All I had to do was put gasoline in the tanks and it started right up.This machine is everything I expected and more and I am completely satisfied with my purshase .
 I have had this for about a week now . I am planning to add another review later.It amazes me that there are `` ordinary '' lawnmowers that sell for near the price of this beast . When riding on this lawnmower and chopping down grass like crazy you will realize why other companies can charge twice this price or more for these two handle zero turn mowers . You realize you are on a serious machine . And knowing that you got it from Swisher and Amazon and saved a bundle is just icing on the cake.Don ' t let the price fool you , the Swisher is a real big boy mower , very tough . The crate that this comes in is huge . This is a very nice machine . All of the steel is very thick commercial looking stuff . Even the grass chute is thick heavy duty steel.It cuts like a champ . Admittedly its winter now and the grass has died , but I just mowed about a acre of 3ft tall weeds in about 1/2 hour . I had grass flying everywhere . The swath you cut with a 60 '' wide deck is incredible . This machine is very manuverable and very fast .
 After looking at every model out there for months , I decided on the Swisher ZT2560 . It does a beautiful job on the 3.X acres I mow , and even the unmowed grass does n't stall it . Delivery was fast and easy , and it comes cully assembled and crated.For the price , this is a must-buy . Fast , easy to use , excellent cut . Perfect !
 I have owned this mower for 2 years now . I live on five acres and mow about 4 acres every weekend . I run wide open most of the time and am very impressed with how fast it turns and responds . I have a lot areas of trees and brush that I leave for the look and nature so as you can imagine I spend a lot time going around in circles . I can get through on less than fill up of gas , -LRB- approx 4 gallons -RRB- . I am very impressed with how fast I can cut the grass/weeds on my property which used to be a mess . I had to first cut down 3 foot tall/plus weeds and 1 inch thick or larger oak saplings , probably not recommended by manufacturer . I 'll admit I was very concerned at first about the price , while it is a lot of money , compared to other brands it 's kind-of-cheap . After remembering that you get what you pay for , 2 years later I realize this mower is more that what I paid for.signed ; 2 years of happy mowing.Donald EddingtonMyakka City , FloridaPS , I have purchased several very large and heavy items -LRB- over 900 lbs . -RRB- from Amazon and have never ever had a problem with delivery
 THIS IS AN EXCELLENT ZRT ... I OWN ONE THAT IS ABOUT 2.5 YRS OLD . I RECENTLY PURCASED THE NEWEST MODEL ... Swisher Z-Max 60-Inch 26 HP Zero Turn Radius Riding Mower #ZT 2660B ... . DIRECTLY FROM AMAZON FOR LESS MONEY AND MUCH LESS IN SHIPPING . CHECK OUT MY REWIEW FOR THE SWISHER ZTR2660B . THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS THAT THE NEWER MODEL HAS A BRIGGS 26 HP ENGINE .
 This mower has cut my mowing time in half . With over 5 acres to mow , this is a big help .
 These were clearly packaged with care by Hirt 's , but it did n't matter . By the time I got home from work they were n't doing so well in the Arizona heat -LRB- and I have a shady porch with a delivery guy who never comes in the morning -RRB- . They seemed like they wanted to hang on , but between the ordeal they endured when shipped , the replanting , etc. they just never ` took ' to their new home . The cats loved them while they lasted - but in less than 2 months I went from 8 plants to 0 . Next time I order something like this out here I 'll know better .
 They came as promised and though there were a few dead leaves , the plantshad substance and after following directions , they are growing quite quickly.I am very happy with my purchase !
 Love this ! I am able to watch growth of my seeds and this greenhouse does such a great job . I will be ready for the gardening season .
 i do a lot of flower and herb gardening and this product was excellent ! i use it all the time . my expectations were low , and i was plesantly suprised .
 This was very simple to assemble and sturdy enoughfor my purposes
 I dig the way my Orange Jasmine plant looks on this stand . Very classy , indeed .
 cheerful souvenir . have n't been to Sweden but will go someday . great grandfather was Swedish . this key chain is sturdy and light-weight . good size ; fits smoothly in pocket or purse . easy to find .
 Love the large value size of this product . My koi love this type of food . They wo n't eat any other kind .
 This is such a convenient way to keep my Koi fish HAPPY ! I am ordering more today ! The price is RIGHT !
 Koi love to eat food ! I often call them `` the pigs of the water '' . Koi love to eat thier koi food but they also love to eat any kind of bread . They also love donuts , I do n't know if this food is worth it but it does give them the nutrition they need .
 My husband and I bought ten of these as souvineers for his family in Peru . They look very nice in person .
 I wanted a unique gift for my father for Father 's Day and this fit the bill !
 im a patriot of my country thats why decided to buy this from amazon it makes me to be proud when i look at it 5 + + + +
 This is a great pool and the set up was pretty easy . I later got the filter and a floating chlorine dispenser , and a cover . For the price it is fantastic . I live near the beach but I 'm in this pool every day . The filter would be more effective if there is a vacuum hose to get the dirt on the bottom to the inlet on the side of the pool .
 Considered the12 ' over 15 ' but in the end the extra space was well worth it for cheap family fun . Also glad I bought filter separate since I feel it needs better gph than most come with .
 good item . takes about 7-8 hours to fill with one garden hose . DOES NOT INCLUDE FILTER/PUMP . I had one from the 8 ' pool we had last year . This has been nice especially with the intense heat of this summer . The two year old loves it and walks around like she 's the queen in it . I 'd recommend it for lots of summertime fun !
 Great pool for us . My 6 and 4 year olds have become much more comfortable swimming since we got it .
 i love this my nieces play in this pool and its very good for them its a great and easy way for them to learn how to swim :-RRB- this is a great buy . even for me and my friends its a big pool and room for a lot of ppl
 This pool was a great value . It did n't come with the filter pump but it was 75 % cheaper and I already had one . Just make sure you set up the evenly or it fills but funny . I. Will ne buying a meteor frame one next year as our nabighers dog went for a swim and rip the ring . And really fast shipping
 Ordered this pool for grandchildren . Their dad said it was easy to set up and it is just right for their 3 kids .
 Great pool as always . Worried some reviews stated it 's thinner than he originals but it 's the same as our old one that was 4 years old . Good price for those who ca n't afford a `` real '' pool like me . Should have a ladder for the 3 ' sides for kids 6 and younger .
 You ca n't get more for your money than one of these pools , period . If it lasts 2 or 3 seasons so what . I replaced an Aqua Leasure after 2 or 3 with an Intex 15X42 . Both worked very well . The sides of the Intex are a little more upright so you have more usable area inside the pool which I like . This makes the sides a little less stable but even with 9 year olds jumping over the sides you do n't lose any or hardly any water unless they a couple of them lay on the upper air ring and try to push it down . The Intex and Aqua are both very sensitive to level ground . Mine is on the patio concrete which slopes away from the house for rain run off purposes . Even this causes considerable uneveness in the water level . I added some carpet pieces to the `` low side '' just under the outside edge . Helped a little I think . Again , so what . Water is full on one side a few inches low on the other . No one but me even notice . But do n't try to set up on more slope than I 'm discribing . Filter works fine . Skimmer pole is very sturdy . Ladder works fine and does not rust for some reason like the Aqua Leisure did . I use clorine strips to test water . Just dip and read . Very easy . Be sure to keep clorine level up . I added clorine after tester showed white or none . Wrong , add before clorine goes to zero level or you will get dark emerald green swamp water as a surprise one day . Triple clorine or so solved problem . Leslie pools were very helpful and refused to sell me more expensive fix I was demanding . `` Just try the extra clorine first , sir '' . Intex comes with nice cover too . Helps keep pool clean , but if dirty you can do two things . Put garden hose in pool with a weight on the end and run water to fill the hose . Turn off and remove from hose bib and take quickly to lower ground setting up a siphon . Get in pool and `` vacume '' up the dirt with slow even strokes . On a hot day , if you like to keep a clean pool , very pleasurable job . Oh , before the vacume get in and run around the pool creating a spinning vortex or what ever you call it . In 30 minutes or more the dirt will consentrate on ridges in the bottom . -LRB- hard not to have some -RRB- Setup is of course much longer than the 15 minutes or so advertized . The reason is because it is a little hard to spread the pool out evenly . The warmer the weather the better to soften the plastic . And once you get a inch of wate in the pool it becomes VERY heavy and hard to change . Use the plastic tarp for sure so you do n't slide the pool on concrete or something abrasive . Infact try not to slide the pool at all . Lift and fold instead . I had to move the pool once this year -LRB- Wifes idea -RRB- folded and placed on piano mover -LRB- lowboy with casters -RRB- . Left in the sun and when I went to move it , sides had fallen down and were scraping on concrete for about 10 ft of travel . Yup , three holes . -LRB- Wifes fault -RRB- Used the hole patch stuff from the inside and no leaks . Here in southern Cal I keep it up for maybe 4 month per year . After that kids do n't seem to use it and water is not near as warm . My child loves it , neighbors love it . Neighbor put in pool so it got lots less use this season but they still come over to both houses . I paid $ 210 at Leslies Pools in Fontana CA location -LRB- big selection -RRB- Have seen them less and 50 % higher other places . These are real pools by the way . You 'll want to spend a little time with them cleaning and checking clorine , using filter etc. . But after 4 months my pool is in the garage waiting for next year and there `` real '' pool is in need of a pool boy all year with all the other costs . Ok , their pool looks nicer with all that concrete and faux rock and plants and lighting . But for $ 200 bucks this pool is a deal . If I have the time I 'll try to upload some video later.John
 This is the best value for money you can buy for your kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- for the summer.Have just purchased my 4th pool -LRB- 3 previous were 12ft by 36inch -RRB- This year i went with the 15ft by 36inch . The kids have grown up -LRB- 6 years and 9 years old -RRB- . You have to get the cover!it is a must !! Just to keep the tree leaves , ect out.Ileave the cover on during the week and take it off the weekend . -LRB- if you leave it on too long the water gets hot -RRB- . If you leave the cover off , algae will start to grow!As for the chemicals , i used to test all the time.not now , I now have a floating dispencer that accepts 1 inch bleach tablets.i use 3 or 4 in it all the time and now have no problems with algae.You can make this pool alot of work if you follow every rule and direction or you can just enjoy it with basic steps . -LRB- i swam in dirtier water when i grew up.HAVE FUN WITH THIS POOL , AND TAKE IT FOR WHAT IT IS.For less than $ 200 dollars which could be 1 day at a water park for a family of 4 , it will be the best money you could spend!Quick notes-filters , buy two and each weekend swap them out ! -LRB- just wash them out with a hose -RRB- . dont waste your money on a bunch of chemicals ! 1 inch bleach tablets are the way to go.You think there is no debris which gets into the pool , but remember there is sunscreen that gets in there
 I thought my wife was crazy for wanting this pool but I have to say it has been great ! It 's easy to set up on fairly level ground-mine was n't perfect but it worked . It filled in a few hours and once a hot wave came a few weeks later . It was a lifesaver ! It 's just deep enough so you can sit on the bottom with the water up to your shoulders and rest your head on the inflatable ring . Perfect . My grand daughter is two so she can stand with her head above water . The pool is actually 30 '' when filled to the ring and up to my knees when standing . I go into pools to float and lounge and that 's what this pool is perfect for . Who really swims?The filter seems to work OK for me . I run it for 2 hours twice a day as per the instructions . I bought an outdoor timer . The instructions tell you to replace the cartridge every two weeks but I 'm using the same one after 5 weeks . I live in New York state . I imagine if this was Florida , you 'd need to change the filter more often . I bought a ` vacuum ' you hook up to a garden hose which is cheap and works great . Collect the debris in a mesh bag . Also bought a solar cover for $ 20 and a skimmer for $ 10 . Got a couple of floats , a mask and snorkel and I float face down . Paradise !
 I bought this pool to replace an Intex 18 ` er that died after 7 years . The intex pump system is not worth using . If you are serious about wanting an inexpensive pool but want clean water , here is what I did . Took out the pump and plugged the holes with appropriate fittings . I then bought a pool rover that I throw in the pool a couple of times a week . That and a floating chlorine tablet holder , works great . The rover is an investment , but the pool is so cheap it is still not much money for years of use and staying cool in the unrelenting Texas heat . One note ... the vinyl on the 15 ' pool is not as heavy as what is used on the 18 ' pool .
 The Intex 15 ' x 36 '' Easy Set Above Ground Swimming Pool is a great buy . The pool is very large and will require a flat surface , large space , and the area must be free of debris . This replacement pool is ` NOT ' shipped with the pool filter pump .
 This pool was one of the better investments my wife and I have made in a long time . We had just moved to a much warmer climate than we were accustomed to , and this pool was a must have . The leveling of the ground really sucked , but once I got it right , this pool stayed upright , and full of cool refreshing water . The price was very good for this product too .
 This is our 3rd pool like this . The first was 10 feet 30 in deep , then we got a 12 feet 33 in deep now we have this one I ca n't wait to set it up and plop in . These pools are great for old geezers like me to play in and big enough for 6 people and just the right depth . A must have for people that like to enjoy a good wade in the water the water bill went up $ 25 not bad for how big this is . Enjoy this on HOT muggy days or warm nights .
 Cute lightweight frog spitter made for a little tabletop fountain . It was just what I needed and it came fast and in perfect condition .
 Hard to review , it works perfectly.It allows a small bottle to fuel a large device in a pinch.Very handy to have.One thing is that you need to protect the female end as it can distort if you knock it around in the bottom of a tool box . this was a good price and shipped fast
 It 's a bottle adapter made out of quality material so if this is what you needthen buy it but be sure it 's going the right way for you . It allows you to use smallbottles on propane appliances . It 's not for refilling the small bottles .
 I bought it for use with my propane tree and it works flawlessly . The only thing worth mentioning as a precaution is that it just passes the gas through . You need to connect all pieces prior to opening the gas valve .
 Anyone who grills on a propane gas grill should own one of these . Everyone has experienced running out of propane right in the middle of cooking something and had to run to the nearest fill up station and return home to complete cooking whatever you were cooking that is now cold . With this adapter you just disconnect your tank , install the adapter to your grill gas hose and then grab a 1-lb propane can that you can find anywhere but keep one in your garage or shed and connect it to the other end of the adapter and in two minutes you can resume grilling . Fast , easy , you eat on time and can fill that propane can of yours some other time when it is convenient and you will not have to keep a second large propane can -LRB- bomb -RRB- around your home .
 currently have a propane firepit that only uses a 20lb propane tank . Problem is the propane tank is bigger than the firepit and is quite the eyesore . went to ace , osh , and home depot to find a reverse propane tank adapter -LRB- 20lb to 1lb -RRB- ; I could only find the adapter I needed on Amazon . With this item attached to your hose/unit you can use the small 1lb propane tanks and the small coleman tanks will fit . Like the other reviews have said there is no regulator so make sure you have all connections attached and ready to light . It is somewhat expensive for such a small piece of metal but it 's worth it .
 This Camp Chef Disposable Bottle Adapter is a must for avid campers who use a lot of propne and need protability .
 Item arrived well packaged , on time and as described in the item description . Great quality and can easily recommend to others .
 I added a `` T '' in my RV line to fuel my table top stove , which has a 1 Lb . connection . The hose that came with the `` T '' worked fine for this because it duplicates a 1 LB canister . Although , my gas fire pit has a 20 Lb connection -LRB- bbq tank connection -RRB- . This little adapter changed my fire pit to a 1 Lb . connection and now I can run all my gas appliances with my RV tank !
 This adapter is well made from solid brass and works as expected . With this I do n't have to haul my bulk 20lb . tank around to use my burner .
 I used this adapter to power my 3-burner Camp Chef Stove and it works well . I wanted a way to power my stove or my char broil BBQ if I ran out of propane from the bulk tank . Also , if I pack my stove or BBQ to a public park or family members house for a gathering , I can pack -LRB- 2 -RRB- 1-pound small bottles and use this adapter instead of lugging the bulk tank around . It would be much more convenient . I also own the Mr. Heater F276172 Propane One Pound Tank Refill Adapter , so I can refill the 1-pound bottles at will . The Camp Chef adapter is made of brass and has some rubber components where the seals are made . Take good care of the adapter by keeping it clean and out of the weather and it should last a long time.UPDATE
 As it says in the Product Features `` Each tulip-shaped cup fills and overflows into the next one '' . I use it as a guide for the stream of pumped water in my imaginery 11 foot high fountain . The slopping water makes the desired water sound , so I 'm happy with that . I drilled a little hole in all but the two top cups to let the water drain out slowly when the pump is off
 These are substantial in size , and very nicely constructed . Not some flimsy cheap quality . I would order more than one to create an elegant rain chain .
 This is a cute rain chain . The size is perfect and it has hooks to add on if you want .
 I could n't pass up on the chance to buy a copper rain chain for $ 8 , so I bought 4 thinking that I can string them together and hang them in my garden next spring . The cups are larger and much sturdier -LRB- thicker copper -RRB- than I expected . I 'm not sure how well they will pour out water there does n't seem to be an obvious way for it to spill out in the cup below . I 'll update my review in the spring when it rains more .
 I purchased this kit as a birthday gift for my food-loving father . He is thrilled ! The kit is complete with everything you 'll need to enjoy beautiful tasty shiitakes on a regular basis . The instructions are very thorough and easy to follow . He 's been growing mushrooms since October now and every crop is better than the last . This would make a wonderful gift for anyone interested in food !
 I could n't love these logs more . I posted a customer image of my logs just one week after receiving them , showing all the mushrooms growing on them . They also taste great ! Much better than the commercial kind grown on compressed sawdust . Plus , it is so much fun to watch them grow ! I looked forward to getting up and seeing every morning how much progress they made.I also calculated I will be saving money in the long run . I purchased shitakes frequently from the grocery store at $ 3.50-3 .99 for a small package , so based on my buying habits and a very conservative estimate , these logs will pay for themselves in a year . Since they should last three years , that 's great !
 My Logs arrived fast with great communication from Seller . It included very detailed and complete instructions , with a very generous Waranty . Logs fruited within a week of arrival.I 'm very satisfied and happy with this kit and would recommend it to the inexperienced and the seasoned grower .
 The fruit of the Limequat is slightly larger than a lime , and is yellow instead of green . Its taste is somewhat tart , like a lime , but is not as sour . We once had a Limequat tree in our yard , and I can truthfully say that the juice of the Limequat makes the best damn Margaritas that you will ever hope to taste .
 For this price I was concerned it would look it . Not the case . This really is a beautiful piece and I highly recomend it for the price !
 It looks great hanging in the tree , I am extremely happy with it and would recommend it to anyone looking for a hanging bird bath !
 I love COPPER . I was very excited to find this at the same price as my local Walmart for a better brand . Since I bought it with free shipping , it was a great deal . I LOVE this item !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 A perfect product . Not often I find something that I ca n't figure out how it could be improved.This is my 2nd Camp Chef Griddle . 1st one is huge , covers two big propane burners . It works REALLY good but is a bit large for some of my applications . Did loan it out for a non-profit cookout . They liked it so well ? They ordered 3 of them for their next outing.This one is just about too large for using in the kitchen . I have tried it out twice on the electric range in the kitchen . Works for me . NOT quite long enough to bridge two burners across the front and is , perhaps , a couple inches too long to go over one front and rear burner . But I do it anyway and it works great . Have done all kinds of things on it that turned out really good.Kept the carton it came in and I 'm using that as a carry case and it works . Have not yet tried it over a propane stove . Already convinced that it will work fine whenever I get around to doing that in the great outdoors.So far I 've been really impressed with all Camp Chef products .
 I purchased to go with the basket I bought for the small Christmas gifts so our creatures would n't tear them up
 Years ago there was a lot of farming around where I live . When those land were no longer used for farming , these rats migrated to the residential neighborhoods and they have been an ongoing problem since.A couple years ago I bought about half of dozen of these traps from Lowes and set them up in the garage and inside the kitchen and have caught many rats . The snap is usually loud enough for me to get out of bed and find a dead rat.I think these are on par with the Victor Rat Traps if not better . My experience with the Victor Trap was that when I set the trap and then moved it in between a tight place the trap would often set off and I would have to reset them again . I seem to have a lot less trouble with the Tomcat Traps as they 're not as sensitive.Now , the reason I 'm not giving these five stars is because I originally bought six . Within the first several months two of them had the mechanism break when the rats set off the trap so that the spring would no longer hold place . With that being said , the other four has held up well for the last couple years . I have probably caught a three dozen rats over the years and it usually seems to kill off the rat population although another colony eventually reappears.Regarding the complaints that the rats are able to take the bait but leave the trap I did run into those problems as well . However , I was able to use the plastic wire zip ties -LRB- the ones you 'll find at the grocery store next to the the plastic bags for produce -RRB- and tie the bait on . -LRB- Please see my attached picture for the wire zip ties I 'm speaking of . -RRB- Since then , I have not experienced the bait being taken without the trap having caught a rat.Overall a good rat trap with a little modification for securing the bait and it 'll reduce and hopefully eliminate your rat problems .
 Mock Rock - Easy to install and looks pretty natural among other field rock in the area .
 These side shelves are very easy to install and fold up nicely for travel . The metal is sturdy and holds up to a descent amount of weight .
 Also they are essentially hinged so that they fold over on top of the burners for quick easy storage -LRB- after taking off the wind screen -RRB- .
 Picked this up for my 2burner campchef EX60 . If you have a Camp chef burner , then you NEED This ! Covers the top when not in use and when opened you gain valuable shelf space . Anyone who goes camping knows , without any tables around , this is awesome . Seems a little steep in price but well worth it .
 Since my husband and I bought our travel trailer we thought cooking outdoors would be much better during the summer . The trailer would get hot , so we found ourselves not wanting to cook until it cooled down . We use the Camp Chef with the cast iron grill and the Sport Grill Box and find that is great way to beat the heat in the kitchen . We soak mesquite and put it in the Grill Box and our food tastes like it 's been smoked all day . So delicious and tender ! The grill is great for cooking breakfast . All the Camp Chef items seem to be well made . They are also easy to clean if you keep them seasoned . The shelves were a nice addition . We use one side for the lantern and the other for barbeque tools . I also like that it is easy to take apart and put together . We 've been very pleased with our purchase and now enjoy cooking in our outdoor kitchen during the summer months .
 I bought these for my two burner Explorer , and I do n't know what I would do without them . They are pretty tough , too . Mine holds a cast iron Dutch oven .
 This is great . it gives you alot of extra room while cooking and covers when not in use . I would buy again in a second and if it gets scuffed just paint it , simple care of product .
 after 2 years of rough camping use - no scuffs or scratches ... super durable , super easy to clean with a eco-degreaser and a kitchen brush and garden hose ... covers the stove nicely after cooking - without having to wait super long for stove to be completely cool -LRB- unlike a fabric cover - which we would always forget to use because it was too hot to put on right way -RRB- . easy to add to stove - accommodates optional accessories like hooks etc. .
 We are pleased with the sturdy contruction of the Side Shelf . We have not attached it to the camp stove , yet , but have read the instruction and foresee no problems . We like the idea that the shelf will cover the stove when it 's not in use . Looking foreward to using the whole unit this Spring .
 It is great to have the extra work space to place cooking utensils , spices etc. while cooking on my Expedition 2X . As an added bonus it acts as a cover for the stove when not in used.My only complaint is the ` stops ' should be ~ 3/16 '' higher because when the shelfs are in the open position they are not parallel with the stove top , slanting toward the outside . Not a big problem but easily could have been avoided . I added two rubber ` bumpers ' to fix .
 Ordered theses shelves to go along with a Camp Chef stove that I received for Christmas . The online description and reviews for these shelves were very good , but I was still somewhat skeptical when placing the order . I have to say that Camp Chef exceeded my expectations . The shelves come with two side bars that are installed on each end of the stove in order to provide support for any weight that may be placed on the shelves . This makes the shelves very stable and durable . I also was impressed with the powder coat type finish on the shelves . I expect the finish will be very scratch and rust resistant . When not in use Camp Chef has designed the shelves to fold inward to provide a hard surface cover for the stove which will keep dust and water out of the stove burners . Great design , great fit and finish . I have no problem rating this product 5 stars .
 If you have a Camp Chef Explorer , you know there is no place to set utensils , plates , and other cooking needs down where you need them the most . These shelves not only fill that need , but also store in whatever cover or case you are using by simply folding them over the burners . Easy to install , great to use . The down side is leveling , but it is a minor issue that is easily resolved using a little bit of logic . The upside is much needed space !
 this side shelf is a must-have addition for my dutch oven cooking table , helps in my cooking bu giving me shelf space i needed .
 Shelves work great ! love my stove and these shelves hold a lot of weight . I can put my hose , wind guard , and grill brush inside and the shelves lock it all in ! One catch - the paint chips easily
 The photos really only show two pieces
 The side shelfs are a nice accessory to the grill , handy to put kitchen tools on , dishes , and pans . The are heavy duty and should last forever .
 Arrived as expected and was easy to install . Nice extra space to place condiments or other appliance . Would recommend to a friend .
 We really Love our two burner camp chef stove but there was no area to put things that came with the stove . So , this is the answer to that ... workes great and now we have that needed Camping stove area to prepare food etc. . . Folds into the stove and it 's carring bag just fine ... try it ... you eill like it .
 This was just what I needed to give me cooking space on my Explorer stove . I put my stove out near the outside of my trailer awning and have a table behind against the wheel wells . These give me ample room to work not only at the table , but at the grill itself .
 I had the rs-12581 / 2 in the front yard and totally loved how easy it was to rewind the hose -LRB- you just flip a switch -RRB- . Well I decided to get one for the back yard but I did not want a big box like the one in the front . After doing a search on the internet I found this one the rs-05001 / 2 . It can hang on a wall or in my case the fence and be well within reach or if you choose you can use the metal stakes and set it on the ground . I purchased it from amazon and it arrived within less than 5 days . Only problem was it was missing a few parts , although they did not interfer with how the product worked they were nice little pieces to keep the leader hose and the sprayer up and out of the way -LRB- no little ones tripping over the loose hoses -RRB- . I called HYDRO INDUSTRIES customer service and was told that I should get my replacement parts in @ 2 wks . They never arrived . To make a long story short after calling 7 times and waiting over 2 months , they even went as far as giving be a false tracking # at one point , they finally admitted that they did not have the parts in stock and they shipped me a whole new unit . Although the included water hose and sprayer is not a very good quality the ease of rewinding is great and I could always upgrade to a higher quality hose and sprayer at a later date .
 OK , I 'm a price and value shopper . In searching for the rotisserie , price was the determining factor . I mean , all this thing does is go in a circle . It works as advertised . The bonus was the quality of material used to ensure an easy clean-up afterwards . If you need one of these , this is a great choice . I use it on a 3 burner gas BBQ .
 I bought 1 box of these and placed them around my pond.They have a pretty good amount of light and last all nightlong . They look great day and night and add a touch of classto my backyard . I am going to be buying a couple more boxesto do the rest of my yard . They are solid metal parts withplastic poles .
 Arrived in a very timely fashion , easy to put together and install . All worked normally , however they are sensitive to any other light source around , like a porch light . If porch light is on it causes 2 lights to shut down , so be sure they are located appropriately . This is a much better quality set than the last one I bought from Home Depot for $ 39.99 .
 I love this chair . There are lots of chairs that sit higher then beach chairs but it 's very hard to find one that is light weight . This chair is perfect . It 's made very well , sturdy , comfortable and light weight .
 I bought 4 of these chairs and they arrived on time . They were nicely packaged . They are easy to open and close and are perfect for watching our grandson play rugby !!! I am very happy to have them and they arean economical purchase .
 The cheapest I have been able to find this chair online is $ 80 . I walked into Sports Authority this week and regular price for this chair is $ 60 .
 I got this tiller factory direct from troy-bilt . It cost $ 499 . No shipping charge , so it was the best price going.I did a lot of research before I bought this . I looked at forward tines , rear tines , mid-tines . I looked at forward rotating tines and counter rotating tines.I decided on this one because of the counter rotating rear tines . This is not a huge tiller . It is great for a small to medium sized garden . And because the tiller itself is not excessively heavy , the counter rotating tines are excellent for breaking up very hard ground and tilling very deep . This model has none of the problems i 've read about that occur with foward rotating tines . That is , this model does not bounce along the surface when it encounters hard ground.Because of the engineering , this model naturally wants to dig deep . I put it together in about an hour . Got it started fairly quickly and tilled a 20 by 20 foot plot over very hard ground in about 20 mins . Because this essentially is self-propelled , this tiller rapidly dug through old roots , dug up small buried rocks , etc.If you have untilled hard ground , this is the tiller for you . If you have garden beds that need a good tilling , this is small enough for that , although it is considerably larger than a cultivator .
 Fast shipping and easy to assemble . My yard is red clay and this machine tilled my garden area with minimal effort . My wife uses it for all her flower beds and has no problems . Great product for the money
 I am in love with this tiller . The counter-rotating times are a quantum leap forward from the standard . You can literally drink a beer while tilling even in virgin ground !
 This ended up being a terrific purchase . This tiller is small enough to be manageable -LRB- I 'm only 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- , and it easily dug through our hard Georgia clay that is literally filled with rocks . I can hardly wait to use it again - I highly recommend it.The only down-side was the shipping . The company only delivered between 8 and 5 Monday-Friday . We missed the first attempt at shipment , but the driver was kind enough to come back to our house after he finished his route .
 Very well made product ! Highly recommend Gallery Gardens since they provided an excellent service ! Excellent product , fast shipping , great service !
 I have had two of these products for about 5 years . They are accurate and reliable . I have only minor criticism ; the battery compartment of the indoor unit is difficult to open . One reviewer wished for a clock ; it has one , although I wish it did n't . Why should a thermometer have a clock and an alarm ?? One reviewer complained about low temperature operation ; specs say it will read as low as 14 degrees and manual says the outside unit should have lithium batteries -LRB- which function at low temperatures -RRB- . My product will monitor more than one outside transmitter ; mine does two . I am very pleased with my products .
 We have three of these units and they work great . The most recent one replaced another brand that finally mal-functioned after ten years ... but we like this Chaney one more .
 If you are looking for a cheap , reliable , easy starting lawn mower then look no further . This is the yard beast for you . Its easy to put together out of the box . Its light but feels sturdy enough when you are pushing it , the cut is clean and sharp and weather you decide to mulch or pick it up it does a good job regardless . The one pull start is fantastic , no more priming and then pulling till your arm falls off ! My mower is all black not the bright yellow but color asside - this mower is an excellent start for a the first time gardener .
 Yard-Man 's incorrect packing this mower resulted in two consecutive mowers with identical shiping damage deforming the left rear spring lever . This occured because unlike the other wheels , the left rear wheel spring lever was packed engaged in one of the notches in the left handle bracket so that the wheel stuck down . The other wheel 's spring levers were packed unengaged by their brackets and did not stick down . During packing and shipping , loads on the left rear wheel deformed the spring lever so that it would not properly engage in the notches.This does not seem to be an isolated problem but a system problem in preparing the mower for shipping .
 I 've only used it a few times and it is good for the price . My only complaint is that it was damaged during shipping . So I had to take the mower in for repair before I could even use it . The box for these mowers were not designed for shipping purposes .
 After using a twenty year old lawnmower , it is a joy to have one that starts with one pull . The mulcher/bagger is a nice option for the time of year that you mow and the length of the lawn . Did I mention that it is alot lighter than my twenty year old mower ? Overall it has alot of power , it is light wieght and has several height adjustments . I highly recommend it to friends and anyone looking for a new mower .
 Great vaslue for the money . Easy to start , maneuver and use . Lighter and easier to push that comperable higher priced units .
 The lawn mower works great . Engine is powerful . No problems cutting thick grass , which is great considering I only mow about once a summer . Mower came with bent wheel . I noticed a lot of customers had the same complaint . Rather easy to fix oneself , worth the savings .
 Good savings on product for one , saved on shipping , very ez start , pushes ez . Bag comes off easy for emptying , just need to empty often else it gets hard to push -LRB- lol -RRB- found out the hard way . Great item for the money .
 This is a great roto-tiller ! I purchased this tiller to replace my old Troy-Bilt `` Junior '' . -LRB- My Junior served me faithfully for 23 years before I retired it . -RRB- The Pony is a little larger and works as advertised but you MUST read the instructions on how to use it or you will be disapointed -LRB- as have several people who have written reviews on other websites -RRB- . For example , when tilling new , unbroken ground , set the tines depth to 2 inches and make several passes . Then drop the tines another 2 inches and make several more passes . Continue this pattern until you reach your desired depth . If you start tilling new ground with the tines set to mazimun depth , the tiller will lurch and buck and pull you along with it . From my experience gardening with my tiller , this WILL cause you to hate your tiller . Use it properly and you will absolutely love this machine!Another piece of advise
 This machine lives up to its reputation . It seems to have plenty of power and easily cut through grass.It took me about an hour to assemble it , fully reading the manual and leisurely taking my time - 3 bolts for the handle bars and 3 cables to attach to the handle bars . Add oil -LRB- included -RRB- and gas . It started on the first try on the first pull!Some notes : It is heavy ! Shipping weight is just shy of 200lbs , which means that UPS is n't dropping it on your front porch . It will ship via truck . No big deal , except that you much realize that you will need to get it off the truck by yourself , as most trucking companies do not require the drive to help you unload it . So get have a friend/neighbor available . Or if you have to unload it yourself , make a couple of ramps out of 2x8 's and slide it down from the truck - it worked like a dream for me . Alternatively , some trucking companies offer liftgate service -LRB- for a fee - my quote qas $ 109 - I passed -RRB- , where the driver will put your delivery on a hydraulic lift gate and lower it to the ground . Then you have to get it off the lift gate.The owners manual is fairly detailed . However , some of the photos are n't very good/clear . Secondly , my owners manual must have been for a previous version , as the unpacking instructions did n't quite match the way my unit was packed . This caused some confusion on my part initially.It does a dandy job of tilling . You must be careful of pushing down on the handlebar while tilling , as the tines will bite into the ground and `` shoot '' the tiller forward . This is clearly outlined in the manual - however , I felt that it 's worth noting how little downwards pressure it took to incur this.The reverse feature is handy , but , in my opinion , awkward to use . You have to tilt the tiller foward so as to get the tines off the ground and pull the reverse knob backwards at the same time . This makes it a bit difficult to steer/control in reverse . Also reverse is slow as compared to forward , which is probably done for safety , but still it would be nice if it moved backwards a bit faster . Still better than nothing.I found it quite easy to push around with the engine off . It rolls quite nicely , even across grass . I found the height adjustment a bit stiff , maybe this will loosen up with a bit of use.The only design flaw I see is that the clutch cable arcs out extremely close to the right side tire . So close in fact , that after the tires became caked with mud , the clutch cable subsequently became caked with mud that was rubbed off of the tire by the cable . A cable tie to the right side handle bar will easily correct this problem - no big deal .
 I bought my Pony direct from Troy bilt in 1998 . It was more expensive than other products I looked at but the difference to me was in the details . The Pony had ALL metal parts -- no plastic . This is a heavy , and heavy duty machine . Like the others say , if you are using it to break ground , then you need to make multiple passes and drop the height slowly . But once you get the ground broken , you can run this thing with one hand while it tills and moves forward on its own . No wrestling with it . Yes it rolls well with the wheels disengaged so you can move it around the yard -- as much as a 200lb machine `` rolls well '' around the yard . ;--RRB- The best thing about this tiller has been its reliability . I have had mine since 1998 and from day one it started easily with usually 1 pull - sometimes 2 . Now more than 10yrs later -- it still started with 1 pull the first day out after winter . And I do n't do anything special to it . Literally I have replaced the spark plug once and changed the oil 3 times . I do generally leave the gas tank empty when not in use so I always start with fresh gas . I actually had to replace my tines this year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- since they were pretty well worn . I 'm amazed at how well this thing still works and it wore out the tines before the engine ! I learned a long time ago that you get what you pay for . This one has been a great deal for me in the long run!Now the caveat . I 've heard that Troy Bilt was bought out by MTD recently . I 've had some MTD products before -LRB- push mower , riding mower and leaf vacuum -RRB- and all of them have been crap . So I hope MTD allows this Troy Bilt to continue to be made to the old specs and does n't try to `` save money '' on manufacturing ...
 I ordered the Horse for my husband for Father 's Day . Luckily it arrived weeks before Amazon.com had predicted because our 20 yr old Troy-Bilt Pony blew up days before the Horse arrived . It did n't take long for him to complete what little assembly he had to do to get it roto ready . Other than a little difficulty with reverse , it is wonderful ! It does all of the work . Also , though everything says `` 8HP '' , it is a 10HP . We all love it . And I am thankful we ordered it from Amazon.com because of the ease of communication , etc. .
 Purchased several flavors including this one and ALL were great . I use a Masterbuilt smoker and use chips AND pellets alike . Both work fine . I like the pellets because of more flavors . This flavor , Jack Daniels , I mixed with Mesquite , was used with Ribs and turned out with a great taste . Highly recommend , A + + + .
 this is a cool thingy , i have one in my shop , in the summer its hooked to the sprinkler main line and in the winter its hooked to a water jug with a pump on it for water in my shop . i have one at the fire pit , another at the pool , another at the garbage can area , and one outside the shop . all are hooked to sprinkler line hose bibs .
 I , M HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT . I HAD A LEARNING CURVE WITH THE REWIND BUT I GOT IT NOW . IT MEETS MY NEEDS ...
 This is the second one of these I have gotten . Obviously , I LIKE it ! Not just a really practical outdoor sink , but I also like reeling up the long garden hose without the hassle of cranking the reel ... letting the water do it for me !
 This is exactly as pictured . The only thing I would like it to have is a guided hose reel . Now , if my hose is off to one side , it winds it all on that side of the reel . That 's my only suggestion for improvement .
 she wanted something to keep the garden hose out of the way so i bought it for her . she likes to be able to use the built in sink for washing up outdoors . easy to put together . pretty solid plastic product . worked first time . spiffy .
 I live in rural WV and have used this product for two gardening seasons ... it has proved itself to be both REAL SMART and USEFUL . Even my wife ` who is no avid gardener ' likes and appreciates it too ... as i can now bring in clean vegetables . One negative reviewer implied the positive reviewers might be company employee 's ... i am not !
 I am pleased to have a sink outside where there was none before . Not only that , I have a hose that auto-retracts and a aerated sprayer sink . We use this for everything from bathing dogs/cats to cleaning up after painting or planting . It is very convenient to have a way to wash off you hands before entering the house . Anywhere you can run a hose , you can locate this sink.I can now have a sink on my patio for those barbecue outings . That is a major improvement.This unit is sturdy , the valve works satisfactorily , and the sink capacity is perfect for gardening duties . I really enjoy using it to fill the dog/cat bowls in the morning .
 this is a really cool tool for your yard - highly recommended - great for elderly and children
 This is a gift for your wife
 very well designed and made , looks great tooI will be ordering another one to put out by the garden !
 Does this sink have a handle to turn the water off at the faucet ? I can see it being used mostly by my children to wash their hands and refill their water pistols . I would n't want them to have to reach around to the side all the time to turn the water faucet on and off .
 I have n't had the occasion to use the sink much yet , but I think it will work very well .
 This is one of the best products we have ever bought ! The assembly was very easy - the directions clear and simple.Nothing on the product ever leaked.When you want to use the hose , the mechanism does not hinder unwinding and the hose pulls out easily ; when you are done with the hose , the product rewinds it easily and smoothly for you every time ! You can even change the speed of the rewind by turning the water on more or less as you wish ! It has both a strainer for the sink opening and a stopper , both of which worked very well.I used the sink for the vegetables from my garden . I would fill the sink and place the vegetables , including lettuce , in it and let the `` little passengers '' swim to the top . Then I could bring the vegetables into the house with no uninvited guests . They were already nice and clean as well . I also used it for potting up plants , and washing my hands outdoors without having to take time to walk into the house -LRB- and track in grass clippings , etc. -RRB- Much better than the hose -- you can wash one each hand with the other . It 's also great for a quick cool-off on those hot and humid days -- a spash on the face -LRB- and head ! -RRB- is very refreshing , and easier to direct than the hose . The sink emptied quickly and smoothly every time.I just cleaned it up for the winter and even after baking in the sun in July and August it cleaned up very easily . The plastic they made it from is really excellent.I would recommend this wonderful sink/hose winder to everyone . It is a joy to use in every way .
 Originally , my husband and I were in the market for an auto hose reel , but then stumbled across this wonderful product . Originally , we were skeptical about the utility of it all . But , no worries . The sink is plenty big for filling up dog bowls , watering plants and washing hands . The entire design is well thought out . The hose reel works perfectly . We store a 100 ' of 1/2 hose without a problem . I never realize what a convenience it is to wash your hands outside . I do n't recommend washing dished or rinsing food down the drain , as the sink drains through a short hose to the ground -LRB- we routed ours through the storm drain -RRB- . There is also a shelf and hooks to store various lawn and cooks items . Highly recommended . Easy to assemble .
 I bought this in late fall/early winter so I have n't actually put it through its full paces . I will note that it IS bottom heavy with the hose wrapped on the reel , and the top base connects by sliding the four posts into it - so the weight of the hose reel does allow the top to come off . Not a big deal , but some care should be taken if planning to move this item . If you have never used one of these ` hydro reels ' I DEFINATELY recommend them , though . It does n't use much water to wrap the hose , and after you have worked long in the yard/garden it largely eliminates one of the more time-consuming cleanup duties .
 This is one of the best products I have ever bought.It is well thought bottom up . The installation was , which lasted about 10 min , a breeze . I want to warn people for one step though
 Works very well overall and the pressure of the water reels the hose back onto the holder automaticaly . I love that feature!A couple of minor problems here . One , you need to add hose clamps to prevent the hoses from blowing off the plastic fittings under pressure . The second issue is that the unit is very lightweight and can easily tilt over or move all over the place . Since the legs have elongated slots , I would always secure the unit at the base or it will drive you crazy . If you 're installing on concrete , drill and use concrete anchors . If you 're on grass , maybe dig a shallow and narrow footing and do the same by setting threaded rods -LRB- 5/16 '' should do it -RRB- through each leg using a washer and nut on top before the concrete hardens . You can then tighten down after it hardens to secure the sink.Last issue is that the water drains out of the bottom of the sink via a hose as quckly as you run the water so install the sink near a drain to prevent soaking or killing the grass with detergents , excessive water , etc. .
 The sink assy was easy to assemble and the autorewind does work very well , but I suggest putting small screws at each anchor point `` where the pieces slide togather '' so that they dont come apart when ever you need to lift it for some reason or an other . Also when liding the faucet into its place , some sort of lubricant must be used to prevent the `` O '' ring seal from coming off and causing a bad water leak.Otherwise we are very happy with it.Thank you .
 We LOVE this product ! The Reel Smart Auto-Rewind Hose Reel works like a dream . We can extend the entire 75 feet of hose in any direction , including over the railing of the deck , onto the ground and it will automatically rewind itself ! The outdoor stand alone sink is also great ! We use it for preparing foods prior to cooking on the grill ... or other days we use it for gardening purposes . Last weekend we had a BBQ and everyone , kids included , were able to wash their hands outside instead of going in and out of the house . What a great idea ... totally satisfied !
 My husband bought me an outside sink for my birthday last July 2005 , since I do a lot of gardening . He attached it to the house for me in the backyard . He also bought me an auto-rewind hose for the front yard , which we were n't sure we really `` needed '' at the time . Let me add , my husband is VERY thrifty and feels if it works you do n't need a new one or a need to replace it . We both loved the auto-rewind feature on the hose in the front yard , neatest thing since sliced bread . When I saw the newer model of the outdoor sink come out with the auto-rewind feature in 2006 , I just knew , he 'd never go for it , but he did n't even blink when I showed it to him . He just bought it for me , since it had the new feature . I guess he got tired of tripping over the hose I did n't feel like winding up in the backyard . I also love the fact that when I 'm all muddy I do n't have to go in the house to wash my hands , plus it makes repotting my plants and clean up so much easier . With the sink , compared to the hose I do n't have to do so much bending , plus with the water control I do n't waste so much water either . Simply put , I , or should I say We love this product .
 The only thing I do n't like about it is that it should be attached to the floor or wall . Where I have it located , it 's kinda difficult to do that . Otherwise , it 's great . ------------------- Ok , a yr and a half has passed . I still really like this sink , but it is leaking where the hose connects to the reel . Hopefully I can fix it , but even if I ca n't it was still worth the purchase .
 I absolutely love this product . The auto hose reel is fantastic . I 'm so glad I bought this product and would buy it again . I may have to get one for my parents .
 I had been searching for something like this as I do a lot of gardening and my 4 kids play in the mud a lot ! It is easy to set up , easy to use , and winds the hose nicely . I suggest creating a level surface before setting up the sink to ensure proper drainage from the sink . We used leftover pavers.I am rather frugal and hesitant to purchase things online , but this item was well worth the money .
 I am happy with my new sink , it is great for both the sink feature and the no crank hose reel , which works better than I thought it would . I was also impressed with the size of the sink , the pictures make the depth and width of the sink look much smaller than it is . I am very happy with my purchase , super easy to put together , everything just snaps together and the unit is very sturdy .
 This thing is fabulous ! It really winds up 100 + feet of hose by its self.The sink is big enough to clean garden veggies or flower pots . Easy to use and stays put . Hightly recommended !
 No Crank Outdoor Sink Station with Water Powered Retractable Garden Hose Reel #SK 241501Great product , works well and I wish I had gotten it earlier in the summer . Great for barbaque 's or just to wash up after working outside . Retractable hose works well . I 've had people over for barbaque 's and they are going to order one for themselves .
 Clever , strong , lightweight , easy to assemble and handy.What more can you ask ?
 This sink is pretty ingenius . The hose feature seems to work great which I had doubts about and I have no complaints about the sink itself . It was very easy to put together and really easy to use . I highly recommend it .
 Not having a garage sink , I bought this and set it up outside on our patio . It gives me a place to wash up after yard work . Only complaint is that the sink plug requires exact positioning and firm force to get it to form a watertight seal . The manufacturer has promised to send a replacement plug , probably a 10 cent item , but it has n't arrived yet . The sink 's price does n't make it a bargain , but it is convenience to have .
 The reason for the 4 stars is , that sometimes when it is supposed to wind itself back up , it needs assistance , causing me to get my hands dirty , and having to fight my dog on the other end -LRB- she pulls at the hose when I wind it -RRB- . Other than that , I guess it serves its ' purpose . I would purchase it again , if that helps anyone make up their mind . After all , I 'm at a sink where I can easily wash off .
 I love my no crank outdoor sink station . Not only do I have an outdoor place to do plant potting , but I can wash up and clean out pots , etc. . It has a convenient shelf and racks for hanging gardening tools . The water drains into a planting area . Living in Hawaii , I can use it year around and I am so happy to have the hose magically reeled in . No more struggling to wind an unruly hose onto a rack . It came in parts that easily snapped together . The assembly instructions were easy to follow .
 My first one arrived badly damaged in shipping , but that was made right reasonably quickly . Amazon had these for quite a bit less money than folks did locally.I was mainly after the outdoor/garden sink rather than the powered hose return . However , that hose return has impressed me . It just works , nice and simple with minimal fuss . My daughters now have a place for drinking water -LRB- get a drinking water safe short hose for house-to-sink -RRB- and always put the hose away after watering.If you look around , there are a handful of outdoor sinks of this ilk available . This is the best built one and the only one that I can imagine would stand up year after year .
 Wasnt sure how much I would use this when I purchased it , but surprisingly , I use it almost everyday ! Its so nice to have a sink out on the deck for watering , rinsing , filling the dog dish , etc. . . I even let my daughter play with it without her flooding the house ! Its great !
 It was easy to put together , it is sturdy and the automatic hose return works great.Just remember that the sink and hose rewind have drain hoses that need to be routed out of the way either into your lawn or you can do what I did and empty the drains into your down spout.The automatic rewind has enough power to actually move the whole sink if the hose gets caught on something , so make sure you secure the sink to the ground or a wall .
 Originally got this for outside on the patio to use after doing yard work , etc. . But , it also works great as a party sink !! We fill it with ice & beer or sodas/water when we 're outside for a cookout & ice just melts down the sink !!!!
 This is a great , easy set-up product . My daughter & I had it together in about 5 minutes ; no problems at all ! The only items I would like different would be longer drain hoses and a soap tray inside so when you close the cover the soap is out of the weather . Other than that , we all love it !
 Easy assembly , even for a relative doofus like me . Surprisingly big sink . I use the drain hoses to wash my feet - no more tracking in ! Great value .
 I replaced two broken items with one . Great convience on my backyard deck !
 Sink works good but does not offer a lot of water pressure . Product works well but is not very sturdy - but then again , it is plastic . Overall , it is a good product for an extra outdoor sink in a needed location .
 Performs as expected , but instructions were not very helpful . Just a bunch of diagrams without too many words explaining why it is important to really look at the small grooves to the side of the legas ... ended up assembling half of it incorrectly and was hard to disconnect the partts to put them together agaon . Ended up scratching the surface to disconnect incorreclty placed parts . Really like the hose retracting feature - really easy !
 I love this sink ! It 's held up well for two summers now . It 's great to be able to wash your hands when you 're gardening , fill up a watering can , rinse off a plate , etc. . We easily added towel racks by fitting two wooden dowels , painted and cut to size , in the holes on the side flaps . The only thing you have to be aware of is that the water drains out of a not very long hose , and if you use it a lot at one time you can end up with a big puddle . The water powered hose reel works fine if the hose you use is not too stiff , and you do have to guide it in place .
 I was originally looking for the regular - if you can call it that - No Crank hose reels . I saw this one and thought the utility of it was worth the extra fifteen bucks . It was easy to put together , despite the lack of in-depth written instructions , as long as you can follow a diagram-style booklet . I installed it using a couple of thin metal tent stakes which work very well for the purpose.Everything works great - the sink is handy and the hose reel works excellent . You need to guide the hose in with your hand while it is self-cranking , but this is no big deal . Especially since you can wash your hand at the sink ! Use a lifetime , high-quality hose with this product as the reel is exposed to the elements and plastic water hose fittings -LRB- as on the cart -RRB- are easy to damage from regular hose replacement . I would expect this product to last a good 5-8 years with constant environmental exposure . I purchased the No-Kink lifetime hose for it and it is the best hose , thus far , I 've owned . Brass fittings would have been nice , but the price would have to change.If you are in the market for an automatic hose reel I would recommend the extra utility of this product - especially for the back yard .
 This was everything we hoped it would be . I can wash vegetables before taking them in the house , can rinse my hands when I forgot to put my gloves on . Works as advertised and the price was great more than $ 20 less than elsewhere .
 I purchased 2 of these one for the wife and another for my mother . They both are very happy with thier outdoor sinks . Imagine that pleasing twowomen with one purchase .
 At first I was skeptical that the water powered retractable hose reel was just not going to work with my extra long hose.This thing works flawlessly . There are no water leaks anywhere . It 's just awesome.I used tapcons to secure it to the concrete platform next to the garage where the hose is . You can either screw it in to the wall or to the floor . I did both !! This is a must buy . You 'll love it . My mom loves it . You can clean your mop , clean brushes , etc. . I used to make a dirt trail from the garage to the kitchen just to use the faucet . Now I do all the cleaning , etc right outside the garage .
 We bought this outdoor sink for our motor home . Usually when we cook outside , is necessary to have a sink outside the motorhome to wash utensils , children hands without having to go inside our unit . This sink works great and the price is just right . If you like something practical and non complicated , this is a good buy .
 I absolutely love this sink station with hose reel . It was a little tricky setting up the hoses but not terribly complicated , the instructions were brief . Once set up , it worked great . Just watch your hands and fingers around the hose reel . I especially like the sink ; I can wash produce right from the garden and recycle the grey water .
 I bought this for my husband who works in the yard a lot . He enjoys it everyday and is happy with the durability of the product . You can not go wrong with this station if you plan to use it daily .
 I got this sink a few weeks ago and installed it next to my new raised vegetable beds . So far , I have been incredibly happy with it ! How nice to get a product that works exactly as advertised ! It is sitting in the sun , and I have no intention of ever putting it away , so we will have to see how it ages , but so far I am completely happy with this item . I like the hose reel winding so much , I 'm going to get one of the separate hose reel systems to put in another area of the yard !
 The hose winds itself . After cutting grass you can wash your hands , the exit hoses water our flowers along the house , so glad we purchased . Was easy to assemble , directions were fairly easy to understand . Everything fit together and we have absolutely no leaks .
 I am very pleased with the ReelSmart Outdoor Sink Station . It was easy to assemble and is exactly what I wanted . I had a different brand of hose reel and sink , but it leaked since the day I bought it . I have had no problems with the ReelSmart . Excellent product .
 This sink arrived pretty late in the season and we did n't get use it all that much . It is very lightweight and needed to be tied for stability . Our is placed on a rooftop deck where it is fairly windy . Caution should be used when pushing the faucet in place during assembly , otherwise the washer may disengage causing leaking when you use it . The hose rewind function works perfectly!All in all it is a very useful item , I would recommend this item .
 Who would have ever thought I could have a wash station in my back yard ? With all the gardening and yard work I do it is great to be able to wash my hands in the backyard instead of having to run inside constantly , especially when dealing with pool chemicals , and lawn fertilizers . Assembly was literally under 15 minutes , and it could n't have been easier ! All the hoses are of sufficient length but unless you want to go out and buy longer hoses the sink is best placed within five feet of the water spout that you will be attaching it to . The auto-winder feature reeled a 100 ' hose all the way up without stopping , jamming or anything like that . Very great addition to my backyard and I will be purchasing a second one for my brother once he gets his house ! Also shipping was direct from the manufacturer and was ordered on a Sunday morning -LRB- no shipping that day -RRB- and arrived on a Wednesday !
 My husband saw the Reelsmart Outdoor Sink in Handyman magazine and wanted to try it . He loves it ! It 's light enough to maneuver but sturdy enough not to blow over in high winds . Easy to hook up and easy to use , too . The autowind hose reel is great !
 goes together very easily - no tools necessary except to tighten hoses - very handy garden accessory - will be great for fall clean-up and spring planting -
 Super Fast shipping , very easy to assemble ... very little required actually . I had some doubts about the ability of this unit to rewind hose efficently . . but works like a charm . Saves so much pulling and tugging to rewind the hose after garden watering . . just flip the switch !
 After they destroyed our kitchen for remodeling , we purchased the outdoor sink to do dishes , etc. . The set-up went resonable well ... be careful on looking at the pictures to get the legs installed properly.The use is like a sink , albeit with only cold water . The hose does work but I would not install the maximum length hose as on a similar device by the same company it jammed . I went a little shorter to insure smooth roll ups.All in all I would purchase the product again .
 It 's now very easy to water , rinse my hands or get a quick splash if the BBQ flames are too high . Before , the mere thought of winding out / winding in the hose , turning a tight knob on/off or just hassling with drips stopped me . Now it 's easy . During any outdoor project , I rinse my dirty hands before I enter the house . If it 's greasy stuff , i.e. BBQing , it 's quick to wet , lather , and rinse to never dirty the door knob . I especially like the quick on/off lever . I never thought I 'd use the automatic recoil , but it actually works . The trick is to make a long elongated loop putting the sprocket right at the bottom of the sink before you wind it in . Be careful , it 's actually very strong and you do n't want your fingers caught in anything.As for the construction , its not industrial strength . But for most people it will work and the price is right . If you have some heavy duty water jobs in mind like rinsing and agitating a heavy mop this is not strong enough unless you reinforce it well at the bottoms and to the wall.I originally set my sights on getting something smaller and less obtrusive for aesthetic reasons . But now I find it blends in quite well . Moreover , instead of having two gadgets I have one with a little storage . I even set up a small flat rocked patio leading up to it -LRB- just some flat rocks on top of a weed barrier with some mulch in between -RRB- next to the main patio in order to accommodate winding in and out . With a few gardening stuff in the shelf it looks quite nice .
 This is a great sink . We do not need the hose reel part so I put a cap on that section to prevent the water going out that section on the bottom . The sink has good water pressure , closes on top so the leaves do get in when not being used and most of all ... it was easy to assemble .
 This is the 2nd sink I have purchased for outside -- the first one a few years ago . I love them both -LRB- both made by the same mfg -RRB- . My old one does not have the ` no crank ' . This is a very nice feature -- so nice , I now want to upgrade my other hoses to a no crank style of winding . The only dissapointment is that the unit arrived cracked in the upper right cubby on the sink and also a crack in one of the legs . I opted to keep the unit anyway . Having an outdoor sink on your deck or near the garage is SO handy . Well worth it to me .
 The setup on this unit was very easy and I was able to assemble it within 15 minutes . It has proved to be a a very very useful item on my back patio . The lever in the sink lets me switch from hose to sink spout function quickly . That is one of the drawbacks . You can only use one or the other . The cord rewinding feature is also great . I used to really hate having to gather and wind the cord by hand , b/c I would get all of the dirt and gunk that the hose would pick up from off of the ground . One advice I would give is that the water output hoses for the pressure winding system needs to be laid flat and not curled or kinked . The back pressure that results causes it to blow right off of the attachment , sending water everywhere .
 I got this when offered as a lightning deal and after I read the buyers reviews . I hate reeling up hoses so I thought I 'd give this a shot . I can use the sink for potting , etc. , and I have no problem dealing with the water used to reel up the hose . It assembled easily however I could not get the faucet to snap in so I 'm waiting for a friend to come over to help with that part of it . The no crank reel works well even when the hose is off to the side and fully extended . No leaks so far . The drain tube came off once from excess water pressure but I probably had not secured it properly . Not bad all in all . I 'll have to wait to see how it holds up over time .
 The `` No Crank Outdoor Sink '' performs as advertised . It was easy to assemble and snapped together in just a few minutes . I would recommend taking it apart and `` snugging-up '' all of the internal connections prior to assembly and installation to insure no unwanted leaks . The Water Powered Retractable Garden Hose Reel is a `` Godsend '' for a 70-plus year-old who has difficulty cranking in a bent-over position . I am satisfied with it 's performance and would recommend the `` No Crank Outdoor Sink Station '' as a useful and convenient addition to any backyard .
 The no crank hose mechanism is very nice . Easy to assemble . Works great .
 Great product . Lots of utility . If you are looking for something classy , this is not it . However , this is not ugly . I have installed this in a not-very-visible area in my backyard , works and looks great . Assembly is a breeze . Shipping was very fast . Its not flimsy , its actually very stable . I thought of nailing it to the ground , but decided against it after realizing it was stable by itself . Recommended .
 I got this sink for my patio . I wanted something that I could rinse off dishes , wash my hands , and if needed , get water for boiling . I wanted to be able to do this without getting/building a cabinet , running a pipe underground and plumbing a sink . This did all of it and then some . The only flaw is that it is all plastic and some not very strong .
 I use this sink almost every day . It works !!! The only small thing with it is you need to have the drainhoses tied down . I LOVE IT
 I bought this about a month ago when it was in the Lightning Deal . I wanted a useful gardening product for my mom , since she enjoys growing vegetables in our small urban backyard plot . Based upon the positive reviews I ordered it , and when it came , I was very disappointed that one of the leg joining tubes had a fracture . This seems to be a somewhat common problem for other customers as well.Deciding that this product was too heavy to try to haul back to the post office -LRB- i have no car -RRB- and not cost-effective to try to get Amazon to replace it , I decided to assemble it anyway and see if it 'd hold up . I contact Amazon about the damage and they gave me a partial credit for the order.Now , after 3 weeks of use , I am happy to report that it is functioning great and I 'm glad I purchase this . It comes in very handy for washing my hands in the back yard after gardening or cleaning up garbage . I was skeptical at first about the No-Crank feature , but it works like a charm.I felt that the plastic could have been of higher quality and sturdiness , and that the connecting valves would be more ruggedized , but overall , this is an excellent product . The side flaps are a little flimsy , as are the arms supporting the flaps . I would not try to put too much weight on them.Lastly , the unit is smaller than the pictures appear . The middle shelf is enough space for 3 adult shoes , to give you an idea of size .
 At first I thought this would be a fancy toy and was pleasantly surprised to see that this is a workhorse for all kinds of house related things
 This was the best gift I could have given my husband who likes to Bar-B-Qon our roof top deck . Cleanup and prep is so much easier when the sink is next to the grill !!! He loves it . Not to mention is makes life easier for me with my mini garden .
 I will be purchasing a few more flags for friends an familiy . I did appreciate that the seller though about including an sheet that displayed other flags . That was a great idea and i was able to pass it around to friends from other countries ! I look forward to doing business with you again !
 I ended up purchasing the Briggs & Stratton `` manual start '' model 01978 standby generator . Originally , I was using a portable generator . The main reason I purchased it is the `` rain tight '' enclosure . You can run it in any type of weather . Every time my power goes out , it is usually due to bad weather . It is dangerous running a portable in the rain / snow - even if covered . The portable has to be set up and refueled frequently . Also , consider gasoline supply , storage and the short shelf life . You get the picture.I recently had it installed . So far , so good . It has about 7 hours on it and no problems . I 've already changed the oil once too.A few things to consider when installing it : If you place the supplied composite pad on concrete or blocks , it should be secured . The generator has a tendency to `` twist '' counter-clockwise when starting . I placed it on concrete blocks . I also installed blocks on the side and buried them to prevent it from moving . See picture.I had it converted to propane . Everything is included to do this except the `` insertion tool '' . I ended up purchasing it from Briggs & Stratton -LRB- part number 19570 -RRB- to find out later it is basically a stubby screwdriver . It is made by Brownells -LRB- part number 080-360-540 for the bit -RRB- . See picture.The engine is rated 140,000 BTU/HR full load on propane . A real time use estimate is about 1 gallon an hour -LRB- 92,000 BTU/HR -RRB- . It would run continuously for about 3-4 days on a full 100 gallon / 420 # tank -LRB- depending on the load -RRB- . Do not even think about using 20 # BBQ grill tanks -LRB- or 30/40 # -RRB- . These will not work -LRB- very long -RRB- . They do not have the BTU/HR capacity - especially in colder weather.The instructions indicate to install a sediment trap on the gas line . The only problem is in a cold climate -LRB- below freezing -RRB- they are not allowed . It could collect moisture , freeze and expand -LRB- causing a gas leak -RRB- . Do n't forget the gas shut off.I 've read some of the horror stories about other brands of standby generators . I do n't know how reliable this is yet . For that reason , I left my previously installed L14-30 inlet in place and had it rewired . The generator controls and utility are permanently connected . The power output is connected to the L14-30 inlet with a weather proof flexible cord -LRB- type SOOW -RRB- . If there is a problem or I run out of fuel , I still can plug in a portable -LRB- with a separate cord -RRB- . See picture.You should have some type of watt meter to monitor the load . I had a custom control panel installed with a digital meter . The meter is model EM7501 made by Reliance Controls . The box is a 6x6x4 made by Eurobex -LRB- part number 1100-DF060604 -RRB- . The reason I chose this brand it is the only one with 4 screws securing the cover . Most other brands had two screws . See picture.You should have an 8 foot ground rod installed for additional safety if the generator is more than 6 feet from your panel . Also , if you have an older house without any ground rod or the service is using just the water meter as the ground.I also installed an hour meter / tachometer . Sendec has a nice one -LRB- part number 806-100-0222 -RRB- . It is very useful for oil changes and to know how long the power is out . They have a basic one too with just hours -LRB- part number 806-101-1031 -RRB- . I originally purchased a Tinytach . I do not like this as much as the Sendec . The Sendec breaks the time down into tenth 's of an hour , Tinytach does not.It 's a nice little stealth `` looking '' generator - it looks like an air conditioner -LRB- your neighbors will never know you have one - unless it 's running -RRB- . It is a little loud . You would not want to put in a place that would disturb anyone .
 I purchased this because the guardian was too large and had to be set up with automatic standby power . I do not like that feature and prefer to control it manually.The unit was very affordable and easy to install.I converted it over to L.P. and the install tool was actually included with this unit . It is set up to use 3/4 '' conduit but I enlarged the hole and used 1 '' instead , It makes it easier pulling all -LRB- 12 -RRB- of the wires if you are using the remote start switch included . I was disappointed the battery warmer was not included and Briggs & stratton wants $ 100.00 for one . Instead I relocated the battery inside the garage it is sitting next too that way it will not freeze . You can do the same by installing some 3/4 '' conduit in the battery housing below the fuel inlet and running some bulk lawn tractor battery cable through it from the inside . The connections at the start solenoid and the case ground are easy to get too and it was as snap to solder new eyelets on the battery cables and install it . It only cost about $ 40.00 to convert it.Much better than $ 100.00 and if the battery does go dead it is easier to get to to jump start it than removing the lid and panels if it is snowing . It would also make it easier to use a different or better quality battery than the one they are packaged with . Overall the generator is great , but install instructions for the remote switch were weak , You really have to trace the diagrams carefully so you do n't cross them , That part could have been enhanced or even color coded to aid installation .
 This is a nice unit for the price . I installed it myself , but would n't suggest trying it unless you have knowledge of plumbing and electrical work . The directions are weak , but the phone support is good . What I recommend doing is bumping up the conduit for the wiring to 1 inch as I did . You 'll never pull all the wires necessary through the 3/4 as they suggest . Plus I used an external solar charger for the battery rather than run yet another 12/3 wire from the main panel to the unit . This wire is for the battery charger and the oil heater . I guess if you 're somewhere very cold , the oil heater is a must , but I did n't feel it was necessary in North Jersey . Also , do n't use less than 3/4 inch for the gas line . The charts they give you showing demand for fuel at 50 % & 100 % load show a serious need for supply that 1/2 inch pipe just wo n't deliver.Lastly , I run my whole house on the unit no problem . I do not have central air , and my hot tub is n't on the genny , but it runs 2 refrigerators , a chest freezer , 2 sump pumps , and all my lights and TV 's . I have n't tried all my ac window units yet , but I 'm sure it 'll handle at least 2 of them provided everything else is n't on at the same time.Hope this helps . .
 I purchased this gen-set for my cabin -LRB- set up for propane -RRB- because we lose power during heavy snow and when we lose power we are with out water . I chose this unit because it has enough power to meet our needs but is not overkill . My nephew -LRB- who is an HVAC technician and gas/LP certified -RRB- and I did the install . The instructions are clear enough for electrically/mechanically savy people so if your not 100 % confident in your abilities in this area I would recommend hiring the installtion . It took the two of us about 10 hrs to complete the LP plumbing , wire the transfer switch , the remote start switch and the 240vac `` utility '' circuit which supplies power for the battery charger , the oil warmer -LRB- included with gen-set -RRB- and the battery warmer -LRB- not included but I purchased through another supplier -RRB- . After turning on the fuel and pressing the start switch the generator fired up within seconds . We went inside to do a `` sound check '' and were pleasantly surprised at the noise level . The gen-set is n't super quiet but it has a very tolerable -LRB- not ear piercing -RRB- hum . It sounds almost exactly the same as our Onan rv gen-setAll things considered this gen-set is a well thought out design with quality and value built in . I would recommend it to anyone without hesitation .
 I am not a big garden person , but this is great low effort , low cost weeder . You 'll want to be careful with the extra leverage this gives , or you pull out a good-size clump of dirt with the roots.I am now the dandelion death machine !
 I bought this mower because we let the weeds on our one acre property grow too high to mow with a regular mower . This trimmer/mower did the job . The cutting height can be adjusted easily , and everything else about it is accessible , even for a mechanical dummy like me . It not only hacks down the tallest weeds , but if you then back up and run over them again , it will nicely mulch them up , so you do n't have to haul off the weed corpses.The string that comes with this is pretty wimpy and wore out quickly , but Orchard Supply -LRB- and probably a lot of other places -RRB- sells a tougher string that you can cut to size yourself and save a lot of money.The oil is supposed to be changed after the first two hours of use . We -LRB- I , my husband and our college age son -RRB- could not figure out how to drain the oil without getting oil all over the flywheel , etc. . So I took it to a lawnmower shop where they PUMPED it out and charged me $ ... Not too bad , considering that the next oil change is after 50 more hours of use.I honestly can not find any faults with this machine . It does what it 's supposed to do . What more can you ask ?
 Bought this here and am happy with it . Cuts through areas overgrown with weeds quickly and -LRB- almost -RRB- easily . So far starts up with no problems . It arrives ready to run except straightening out the handle , tightening a couple wing nuts by hand , putting in the supplied oil , and adding gas . Worth spending a few bucks more compared to department store `` name brand ''
 This is a great trimmer . I 've had mine for about 5 years & it ` sstill going .
 buying a case at a time , I know we have enough for any machine for any family member and not have to run to the store when you 're ready to get some work done . small enough to fit in the toolbox
 It ` s like this , I tried others oils because I did not want to go so far to buy oil.DO NOT DO IT > . This the best oil mix for the generators i bought.Thanks
 The item was just as described , easy to install , and received fast shipping from Amazon ... thanks
 I am tall and appreciate not being so stooped over to do the yard work .
 This accessory added so much versatility and ease of use . Just one thing , use crazy glue to set the wheels onto the axles , - they will never come off .
 This what I needed to save my knees and back . It does both quite well . Just wish there was a `` lock-on '' position for continuous operation .
 Great product for the money . A little disappointing that you have to hold the trigger down all of the time for it to run . Hooks on easily , the little wheels do their job , makes it easier to trim around sidewalks .
 I am satisfied overall . My only complaint is that the trimmer wo n't lock in the on position when I use the extension .
 Black and Decker were on top of their game when they made this product !! Love it ! Works like a charm and it eliminates the need to kneel all the time or bending over . A real back saver and easy to install ! Wish I had one years ago .
 This is a must have accesory for the trimmer for folks that have trouble bending over or kneeling .
 i purchased my grass clipper last summer , without the extension handle and soon discovered that crawling around the yard on my hands and knees just plain hurts ! so i bought the handle and within 5 minutes had it assembled and ready to go . it makes using the grass clipper much easier except for having to hold the on button continuously ... my hand cramps up after about 15 minutes . but aside from that i think this is a great product .
 Very handy and convenient . Easy to attach and remove . Saves a lot of stooping when not necessary . Adjustable for various sized individuals . I would highly recommend it .
 We bought this when we bought the DS600K Shrubber because we intended to use the shrubber to reach very high growth on two of our bushes . It is very well designed in that you plug the shrubber into the bottom of the handle and then have power control available at the grip of the extender 's handle . Also you can rotate the shrubber in a 45 degree angle at the base of the extender to better position it for reaching up for trimming . The missing star is because the weight of the shrubber on the end of the extender feels heavy and unbalanced .
 This is a very nice accessory for the GS500/DS600 . Save your knees and your back . Hooks up with ease and works beautifully . Ca n't go wrong with this purchase .
 What a relief . I was bending over to trim the grass around the retaining walls of my garden . I had alot of trimming to do . I purchased the extension handle and it has saved my back . The only draw back is that if the ground is a little bumpy or the grass a bit to tall , the wheels get hung up . Worth it though . I 'd buy it anyway .
 The cordless shears work fine on their own , but the extension handle makes the job easier by allowing you to remain standing . You even get 2 little wheels to attach to the shears , so you can roll along the sidewalk or under the hedge .
 This handle makes my grass trimmer the easiest item to use . I have not had it very long so I can not attest to its durability but it does the job for me
 it 's a good produt for someone that ca n'tget down to the ground to use this grass shears alone , withthe handle it 's much easier , I like the product .
 The flag came wrapped up really nicely . I love the vibrant colors . I put it in my car so I can represent the beautiful island I came from . I love my country !!
 Product is exactly how its listed . Very durable , easy to put on window & does fall off like a lot of window products for cars . Would order again .
 Makes my car look great i love it , the suction cup sticks really good . Last of all I would recomend it to anyone .
 It looks just like the pic , represent I recommend useing it for your car window . It is a must have
 This item is very pretty and looks nice in my car . it is made from good material and seems like it will last a long time .
 I bought this product for my patio which is open to the elements . They are colorful , made well , and are heavy enough that they do not blow off into the yard . I do take them in when the weather is nasty or winter arrives .
 We have used our fire pit a few times since we received it . It is a sturdy and well build pit . I recommend it to anyone who likes sitting around a fire , with out worries . The granite trim gives it a nice appearance and the hood is great for protecting ambers sparks . The grate in the actual bowl is durable as well as the legs.Very satisfied with it and it 's a great price for what you are getting . I 've seen more expensive pits that don not compare .
 I purchased these glasses for my Auto Mechanics classes because there are safety glasses required . I also use them when using power tools and they 've never let me down . They hug my face quite well , leaving little if no space for stray particles to enter my eyes . They have good all around protection and are Rated for high impact . -LRB- ANSI Z87 .1 + -RRB- . They have been through some bad times and prove to be pretty scratch resistant . The only flaw that I may point out is that due to my facial structure I will usually get a small foggy spot near the top of the lenses on both left and right . But that 's just me ... Overall this is a product that I would highly recommend to any one looking for stylish , strong , and effective safety glasses ... ^_^
 Not much to say on this product except that these are a great pair of safty glasses for the price . I should have bought a couple pairs when I ordered them . But I will order again . Great price and a great product . Lowe 's sells the same glasses at around $ 10.00
 Thse are great safety glasses . When I wear them I actually forget I even have them on . Makes wearing them much easier , and keeps me safe . I 've had other old school pairs that felt crappy and blurred your vision making me not want to wear them . With these I can do whatever I need without the problems.BUY THEM ! and save your eyes !
 Bought the glasses to use for target shooting . The wrap around styling works very well and the yellow color is not very visible with my hair allowing a more attractive appearance from the front .
 Decent lightweight safety glasses . I do n't know exactly what type of damage they 'd prevent , but they 're light enought to put and and forget you 're wearing them . A great reason to wear them all the time !
 These are very nice , especially for the price . Lightweight , comfortable , well-designed , overall a great pair of safety glasses .
 I use these in the ER for eye splash protection ... very nice . They did fog some with a mask , gown , & hat on , but they fit nicely , are good optically and ca n't be beat for just over $ 4/pair .
 Pros
 These are used for woodworking . They are extremely comfortable , light-weight , yet shield and protect your eyes completely . They do scratch easily , but for $ 4 a pair , you can not beat the quality - and the price !! Buy extras !
 I have never used safety glasses in my life -LRB- in the past -RRB- . Until one day i was working under my car , and something went in one of my eyes . I washed my eyes for sometimes , and they got really red . Well i learned a lesson and bought one of these to protect my eyes . Since then i have been wearing them whenever i do any work under the car . maybe they are not the best once in the world , but hey they work ! and they are better than nothing.Regards ,
 Use
 Good lightweight and cheap eye protection . They will fog occasionally but is no different than any other pair I have ever owned . I would buy the same pair if I needed to replace these .
 These glasses are amazingly comfortable , and as another reviewer said you actually forget you have them on . I wear them for mowing the lawn , using chemicals at my work bench , and even cutting onions in the kitchen . They 've got a million uses , are solidly constructed , and are just a good pair of quality safety glasses . I did however have on incident while my friend was wearing them as shooting glasses , in which hot brass fell in through the top , singing his eyebrow . The glasses seal against your face at the bottom , but have about a centimeter of opening at the top . I guess a hat would protect you from anything falling from up top , but if you 're looking for shooting glasses these might not be what you 're looking for . They are the right price though , and extremely versatile .
 It is very comfortable protector . The price is great . The only thing that I do n't like is that it does n't fit over my glasses .
 I put these bad boys on when I 'm frying stuff in the kitchen , working on the car , cleaning stuff with super-strength cleaners or doing backup vocals for Lady Ga-Ga . Pretty good deal on Amazon too .
 These are pretty decent for what they are . They are lightweight and comfortable and I bought them to use when I am outside doing yardwork and they are just fine for that .
 The issues are 1 -RRB- ear pieces break the ear muff sound protection seal and 2 -RRB- they are clear but not distortion free . I had to switch to ear plugs to use these glasses .
 Perfect safety glasses . Light weight , very good field of vision . Low price . Very sturdy and very comfortable .
 These are great safety glasses . I forget I have them on , they are so clear and un-obstructive to my view !
 My husband worked as a carpenter for many years in a previous life so his enthusiastic `` two thumbs up '' means a lot . He liked the way they wrap around your face and curve up under your eyes so that you do n't have to be as concerned about stuff flying into your eyes from around the frame . They are light weight and have good clarity . They work on my face too but I need something that will fit over my glasses as these are n't designed for those circumstances .
 These safety glasses were comfortable and accomodated my eyeglasses well . The view through these glasses was excellent -- almost forgot that I had them on .
 I was very impressed with the fit of these glasses . I wear progressive tri-focals and need them all the time while I am doing my woodworking since I have cataracs starting to grow . These safety glasses fit right over my prescription wire-rim glasses with no problem . They are so light-weight that I do n't even know that I am wearing them . I was so impressed that I immediately ordered the smokey lens glasses for outdoor work .
 These are lightweight , comfortable safety glasses . The wraparound frame enhances both its effectiveness and its aesthetic appeal.However , the wraparound style provides little to no room for wearing it over a prescription frame . NOT RECOMMENDED FOR WEARING OVER PRESCRIPTION GLASSES .
 True to their name , DeWalt 's safety glasses set the standard for quality and value . I paid less than $ 3.00 for mine , and they are more comfortable than safety glasses costing 5 times as much.The glasses fit comfortably and do not obscure my vision or distort objects in my peripheral vision . They are extremely durable and resistant to scratching . I 've been wearing them constantly for about two weeks in my wood shop and they are holding up great.A great price and a great product . I am buying several more just to keep handy .
 i love the Dewalt DPG54-1C Protector Clear High Performance Lightweight . They look great and feel great on your face
 I bought one of these goggles lately and it 's better than what I thought ! It 's well done and wo n't get broken easily . . I highly recommend it : -RRB- kinda fast shipping and cute yellow color ... It feels special ^ ^
 Very high quality safety glasses just as i expected from Dewalt . Use these every day at work in a factory
 I was getting tired of the safety glasses I had from probably the 1970 's . You know the ones . HUGE . BULKY , DORKY . They did the job , so ca n't complain too much.I decided to spring for a new pair and saw these . Good lightweight protection . I mostly do small wood projects in my garage , and for protecting your eyes from splintering wood , it does the job well.Nice wraparound protection , with a cool , sleek design .
 I wear these at night , or cloudy day . my eyes are sensitive to the wind and cold air . work great . love them !!
 I have often forgotten I am wearing these.That is probably the biggest con , I leave my shop and then have to go back to put my glasses away . I have never had this problem before ... For the price I can not get over the quality , I have dropped them on more than one occasion and had no scratching issues . I did have them on top of my head and scratched them because I banged my head -LRB- this again a testament that I forgot I had them on -RRB- . The lenses are very clear especially for plastic . On occasion they will steam up but that is more due to my dust mask . I have a rather large head -LRB- too bad it 's empty -RRB- but they fit very nicely . I would compare their build quality to to a decent pair of sunglasses , not $ 100.00 pair but some in the $ 30.00 - $ 50.00 range .
 bought it for safety around the house . i used it for electronic screwdriver when i was installing a lock and i use it when i chop onions . very useful
 One of the most functional pair of safety glasses I have ever used . I have gone through numerous pairs of uncomfortable glasses during my years as a chemistry student . They 're great , minimal fogging and very comfortable .
 Fast shipping . Great quality . My son does woodworking and needed a good pair of safety glasses . These work well to cover his eyes when cutting wood . I would recommend these glasses to anyone .
 These are the most comfortable pair of safety glasses Ive found yet , I extremely dislike anything on my face or head , be it any type of sun glasses or hat , but these glasses are so comfortable to me at least . . that I forget that Im wearing them.I wouldnt trust these to stop something like a nail from a nail gun being shot at your eyes , but for things like weed whacking , or using any type of saw it should keep stuff from getting in your eyes .
 Somewhat stylish , but maintaining the Dewalt yellow brand these protective lenses do what they are intend for . They are plastic and will scratch if not kept well , so I recommend keeping the plastic box that they are shipped in for storage
 I bought this under $ 5 . It wraps around your eye sockets really good for me . The fit depends on your face shape . I use this when I work on my Jeep . Every once in awhile working under the vehicle , I get a shower of dirt coming down on my face , I have n't got any in my eyes yet with this pair . The frame is very flexible , clear lenses , NO carrying case comes with it .
 Me and my girlfriend recently bought a house and have been doing some light renovation . These glasses are so comfortable that we sometimes forget that we have them on whenever we break to eat out . They are lightweight protection against paint splatter or light debris such as wood splinters or small drywall pieces . One note ... they do tend to fog up if you wear cheap dust masks .
 I wear these as eye protection while riding my scooter . They are comfortable , durable , and cheap . These are exactly what I wanted . I would/will buy again .
 I put these on to show my wife and she thought I should get them in a prescription so I can wear them all the time . They look and feel great . I wore them for a couple hours around the house and for some small shop stuff . They stick to your head and do n't move very much at all.A couple things though that prevent it from being 5-star . They seem very easy to smudge , so be careful to keep your hands and wrists away from them . They wiped pretty clean with a lens cloth . Second , you do need to look at something directly to avoid lensing . Meaning , things tend to distort slightly at the edges . Finally , these wo n't fit over glasses . I saw a couple posts where they claim to fit over glasses , but I do n't see how that 's possible without jeopardizing safety.Quality product and 2 for $ 10 shipped was a bargain .
 These are a great buy for the price . I 'm in for 10 more and could care less if they only last a few weeks a piece .
 It 's easy to forget you even have these things on.I wear these for work . I do a lot of bending and moving around.My last pair were always falling off my head . These glasses donot have that problem .
 I been using these glasses for a few months now for work on various projects . They have shielded my eyes from many pieces of wood , metal , and plastic that I have kicked up using my dremel and other tools . Overall , these glasses were a great investment !
 I ordered a second pair as a backup after getting my first pair . They are very comfortable to wear all day long , and very lightweight .
 They protect your eyes well , but be forewarned , they fog up pretty easily . Cheap safety glasses with wide frame , slightly bowed for the larger domes .
 These are nice inexpensive safety glasses that are a good value . They are nice and comfortable and seem well made . And the fact they do n't look dorky does n't hurt either.When I was younger I use to have no problem doing a lot of handiwork without any type of eye protection -LRB- or other kinds of safety protection for that matter -RRB- . After becoming older and `` wiser '' and after a few close calls I 've definitely got into the safety mentality . It really is n't worth losing some or all of your vision because you do n't want to spend a few bucks or you think it a little uncomfortable to wear basic safety gear .
 These glasses work great . I use them when I am working electric saws and doing landscaping . The price is right on this product for sure .
 Dewalt did it right ! The Dewalt style DPG54 is the greatest in lightweight safety comfort . I wear safety glasses all day at work and at my home shop and I always request these , even for mowing the lawn . There 's a dark sunglasses version -LRB- for yard work -RRB- and a clear version for indoors . The wrap-around style is just great , and looks good too . The hinges are very strong , but i never fold them closed . I leave them open and just lay them on the bench . They 've never cracked on me , washes easily with warm soapy water . Five stars , just the greatest for indoor protection .
 These glasses excell in the three areas I look for in shop glasses ; comfort , vision distortion and price . Before you safety police start screaming about their primary purpose , they do what you 'd expect from a pair of plastic safety glasses . They wo n't stop a bullet but your standard shop debris is kept out of you eyes . The lightweight comfort is great & I 've never owned a pair with less distortion . I have n't dropped them yet so I ca n't comment on their ability to avoid scratches at this time .
 These work great ... my only regret is that the ones I really wanted -LRB- smoke lens -RRB- went on sale here at Amazon the day I received these glasses in the mail .
 Comfortable , pretty clear view , good coverage . Seems to keep little stuff out fairly well , without having to suffer goggles . Have n't had any impacts yet to truly test them , but I expect they 'd hold up as well as most , were that to happen . Price is right .
 I bought these for some stonework I 'm doing . I wanted glasses I 'd forget I was wearing and would n't slide down my nose every time I bend over to pick up a stone . These fit the bill perfectly . I 'm a woman with a narrower skull than my husband and theses glasses fit both of us . They do n't fog up or distort . I 'd buy these again in a second if I lost them .
 I forget that I have them on while working . I bought a second pair with reading magnification . If I had done more research , I would have only one pair but now I have a backup pair .
 This product came out great . I used them this past summer in the boating business i was in . They really help shield my eyes and are really comfortable . Highly satisfied
 I bought these as wind visors for biking , not as safety glasses . To that end , they work really well . The key thing you want in glasses for such a purpose is for them to not only be large enough to cover your eyes and then some , but to also be shaped in such a way that they deflect wind , not just stop it .
 I ordered these glasses and they arrived in timely matter when I tried them on they had a loose arm . I thought no big deal I can just glue them and should have no issues.So I wrote this in my first review and rated accordingly . Well to my surprise I receive a 2nd pair no charge with a letter thanking me for my understanding , and the most surprising thing was the letter was signed in pen . That does not happen too often when a company takes the time to personally contact a costumer . Nice job
 This was my 3rd try at purchasing inexpensive safety glasses that I 'd like . These really hit the mark for what I was looking for . They provide excellent vision and are very comfortable . And I 've had no issue with fogging , After using them on a task that requires protection , I almost always forget to take them off and find that I 'm still wearing them at the end of the day -LRB- my definition of an excellent design -RRB- .
 These safety glasses fit very nicely . They do distort my vision just slightly . It 's almost unnoticeable . Overall , I think they work very well .
 I got these for my husband who is a painter , and they work perfect for him . They keep the spray back from getting in his eyes and he said they do n't fog up like a lot of other glasses hes wore ! I had read in some reviews that these glasses distorted the image around the edges and my husband said he does not see that at all . And they clean up nicely ! Great product for the job and a great price !! And they fit perfectly on his face nice and close but not uncomfortably .
 I 've used these glasses for about 8 hours so far and am very pleased . Comfortable fit , very clear lenses and they do their job to protect . The very ends do press firmly which makes larger lengths of time a little uncomfortable but conversely , the glasses rarely jostle around .
 I got my pair in perfect condition with no scratches on it , and the clear plastic is ridiculously easy to see through . They fit my head perfectly , and are very comfortable . Unfortunately , I 'm power sanding -LRB- I bought these to keep the dust from shooting straight into my eyes -RRB- , and so I 'm also wearing a protective mask to prevent me from breathing all the bad stuff in . This means when I breathe out , my breath goes straight out of the top of the mask at the bridge of my nose , which fogs these glasses up immediately . Every time I breathe out , my field of vision gets blocked . I would like to contribute this to my mask being too full of dust from the air for my breath to escape how it 's designed to , but I 'm not sure . They appear to be of good quality , and they definitely are worth the price .
 These lightweight safety glasses look good , but are a little tight on my male noggin -LRB- XL hat-size -RRB- , causing a bit of pressure behind the ears . The plastic very clear , though there 's a very mild distortion effect other than in the middle of the `` lens '' . It 's easy to read through them.Compared to my favorite3M Tekk 11329 Virtua glasses -LRB- also inexpensive and lightweight -RRB- , these Dewalts have much clearer plastic , but there is more difference in distortion from center to edge . The Dewalt is less comfortable to wear for an extended period -LRB- too tight behind my ears -RRB- but sits closer to my face than the 3M Tekk . Both glasses are of similar lightweight construction.Given the comfort difference , I 'd pick the 3M Tekk , but these work just fine , especially if you have a smaller head than mine .
 excellent item got 2 and you cant beat the price ... just fantastic to protect your eyes while you working with power tools
 Not only do these protect well , they do so without making you look like you came from a 70 's era woodworking shop .
 I initially bought a different one from home depot . Gave me a headache right away . I returned that and got this one from Amazon.It has been fairly comfortable both as a fit on my head -LRB- I would call my head size normal to small -RRB- , and my eyes . I can wear these for an hour or two without realizing these are still on.I 've not had anything flying towards my eyes so far , but wearing these certainly gives me the confidence.I 've had this for about a year now , and these seem to be holding up fine.I should clarify that I do n't have any other experience with safety glasses and that I am an occasional user .
 These are exactly what I was looking for . Clear , lightweight protective google -LRB- more like clear sunglasses -RRB- . The price was more than reasonable .
 I bought these for shooting and they fit very well . I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 You can wear these all day . They are light , fit snugly , and are good protection .
 Pretty comfortable . It lays almost flat on your face with just a little opening around the glass -LRB- which is actually made of plastic -RRB- . Not very thick , but should be enough protection for normal splinters and flinging nails . The visual is very clear and no noticeable distortion.It is very very light and will not fall or misplace just because of the weight . The temple tips are made with rubber -LRB- not the griping soft kind of rubber -RRB- that is adequate to hold them in place . Very simplistic design . Unisex.Made in Taiwan
 I concur with other review that say it 's easy to forget that you 're wearing these . Then again , I might just be used to wearing glasses . I wore glasses for 20 + years before I got lasik . I do n't need glasses for my vision but I want to protect my new eyes . A lot cheaper than what they sell at Lowes or Home Depot .
 I just received these glasses , and absolutely love them . I am a single mom and do a lot of diy projects around the house . It 's nice to have a pair of safety glasses that fit me well and look kind of `` stylish . '' I can also see very well out of them . Have n't done a project yet , but they seem like they will not be as intrusive and hard to see out of as my old glasses , which will probably increase the likelihood that I will actually wear them when I should.My only complaint is that there is a small gap between my cheek bone and the bottom of the frames . I think this is due to the high and wide bridge of my nose . Nevertheless , I will look for an additional pair that provides a bit more coverage on the bottom for more dangerous jobs .
 These are crystal clear and so light and comfortable that I sometimes forget I am wearing them . I am an average sized woman but tend to need glasses for faces that are on the wider size of average -LRB- not huge though ! -RRB- . I think these would be too small for big guys .
 It does a good job at covering my eyes without getting in the way of my work . Well made . Fast shipment .
 DeWalt 's description of these glasses is accurate . Lightweight protection that wraps around the head is more than just comfortable -- it 's easy to forget that you are wearing them . These glasses shield the eyes from anything that might fly off a chain , blade or bit . They do n't fog up like goggles , and their flexibility gives a snug fit that feels custom-made . They even go a long way in protecting the eyes from airborne dust . Good looking , too . -LRB- If they were tinted , you could wear them to the beach -RRB- . For outdoors and in and to have a pair always handy , I am ordering more of these . -LSB- User note
 These glasses are great ! I 'm a metal and glass artist who has used dozens of safety glasses , cheap or expensive through the years and these are far superior to any others.-They are so clear and lightweight and distortion free , I am not inclined to take them off , not realizing I 'm wearing them for hours at a time.-No headaches or eye strain.-These do all that the marketing says they do ... and they are typically a fraction of the price of other glasses.-The only negative thing I would mention is that they may fog while also wearing a particle mask and welding helmet as breath is directed upward and has nowhere to go . This is rare . I have yet to try the anti-fog version .
 I bought these for my husband , whose safety glasses were getting pretty scratched up and looked cheesy , also . -LRB- Also I needed to spend $ 3 more to get free shipping . Check out the Amazon Anonymous discussion group . I am not addicted to Amazon -- I can quit shopping at Amazon anytime I want . I just do n't want to -RRB- These glasses , according to my dh , are lightweight and comfortable to wear . He came into the house from the garage wearing them just a little while ago -- he forgot he was wearing them.They do n't look extremely dorky . Best of all , they will protect my dh 's beautiful brown eyes . A small price to pay for safety glasses . He likes the name brand , too .
 WHY I BOUGHT THESE
 The glasses are very comfortable and the vision is great but even without wearing a hat they still fog in the middle of winter .
 The glasses are very comfortable to wear , and give a very clear view . I like them a lot .
 Most of the safety glasses I have used including safety goggles generally have distortion that make them difficult to focus on fine work and equally difficult to wear for any length of time.I use a good pair of wrap around bicycling sunglasses when I am cutting wood or using power tools in bright sunlight . Nothing worse than having flying sawdust or dirt hit you in the eye . For dim light or using my miter saw inside my garage , especially when the weather is poor , I have been looking for glasses with excellent clarity that fit as well as my cycling glasses.These glasses have excellent clarity , are very comfortable and look purdy hot if I say so myself . The rim design makes it easy to move them , wedge them on my head or around my neck . I 'll need to use them more to see how well they survive repeated clean up.Geez , for $ 4 , I could n't come close in the stores . This was a great purchase .
 Just got it today -- very clear , no distortion . Fits very well for my average-small head , though flexible enough for larger heads . Weighs .885 oz or 25g . Looks very good , fits the contours of my face as to prevent flying particles from getting to my eyes . Priced at four dollars , definitely worth it ! Minimal fogging , though if you just push the glasses a little away from your face , it will disappear . Completely distortion free except that I see a faint blue halo around black printed letters on paper . -LRB- Kind of like the purple glow around white objects in pictures taken by compact camera 's -RRB- . NOTE
 These are very comfortable and they provide great , undistorted visibility . The only problem I 'm having is that the left lens seems to sit too close to my eye which makes it tend to fog up easily . I 've tried to make an adjustment to no avail .
 To be honest , I only bought these because they came up as a free shipping filler item a few years ago . Well , long after I would 've discarded the typical pair of cheap safety glasses I 'm still wearing these.They are comfortable , sure , but so are a lot of other similarly priced glasses . What has set these apart is that they are much more scratch resistant than those disposable pairs.These fit me very well , they are comfortable enough for all day use . The yellow ear pieces are not a soft material but a standard hard plastic , not that that affects comfort in any way.These do display an attention to detail that other similarly priced glasses do not , namely the molding seam on the earpieces has been polished smooth ; unlike a pair of Uvex that gave me a cut on the back of my ear when I took them off.I will suggest one thing , keep these in a microfiber bag . You can buy one for a $ 1 or most decent sunglasses include one . This will keep them from getting scratched in your tool box and gives you a safe way to keep them clean .
 Does what it should do . Wrap around your head just a little on the tight side . Thats a good thing when your working so they do not fall off . Who wants to be working with gas/electric tools and find out they fall off when looking down . Its not a million bucks . Invest . It keeps bad stuff out of your eyes . What an invention .
 For less than $ 4.50 these are a deal . Half the price of lesser at your local big box hardware store . Looks and feels high end , even makes things a little crisper -LRB- seems to add .25 diopter vision to our distance -RRB- . Would recommend , however it 's made in Asia . USA workers like me prefer American made .
 These were very inexpensive glasses so one should not have high expectations . Therefore they are pretty flimsy and remind me of something that would be disposable . I am wondering if they would last more than one day of wearing them in a construction area ? I am still happy with the purchase , and I got what I paid for .
 Nice design , tough , and clear . At its clearest you wo n't even realize you 're wearing . Extremely light material and very clear view through the lenses .
 These are great protective glasses . Comfortable & durable . I use them at the range . A great alternative to overpriced shooting glasses .
 Exactly as listed - light weight , clear ... Perfect for what I was looking for . Not bulky like so many protective glasses . Less likely to fog when wearing a safety mask also .
 These safety glasses are a great value . They are clear , lightweight , and comfortable to wear . I have n't had any issues with fogging , either . The plastic packaging they come in can be reused -LRB- it snaps open and shut -RRB- to store the glasses safely so they do n't get dusty or dirty .
 I ordered these when I started my new car rebuild project ; I knew I 'd be grinding and painting and I did n't want to do it unprotected . Used them on a few small projects so far and no real complaints.These goggles fit pretty comfortably and they feel solid . They do seem to get cloudy while I 'm working , about every 15-20 minutes I have to take a break to wipe the goggles down ; me exhaling constantly probably does n't help . I also use a respirator , this one :3 M R6211 Low-Maintenance Half-Mask Organic Vapor , P95 Respirator Assembly , Medium - the respirator and goggle combination fits fine , no interference.Based on the price , there is really no reason not to use some kind of eye protection if you think you might need it . These are a great choice .
 I got these goggles for an organic chemistry lab , since this style is n't suffocating and does n't fog up as easily . The side guards and style are perfect , and the shipping was great ! Great price , too .
 Really love it ! The quality es very good , strong item . Also never get tarnish . I really recommend the item . Also the vendor ship very fast , I leave in offshore and the product arrive 3 days after I made the purchased .
 These safety goggles are perfect . If you are working outdoors I would buy a pair of these , and sunglass safety goggles . These are good for cloudy days or little sun , and indoors . They protect my eyes very well .
 The DeWalt safety glasses are lightweight and comfortable to wear . The material in the lens seems very thin and I do n't know how much real protection they provide . They are at least helpful in reducing the amount of dust that reaches the eyes .
 The only complaint I have with these otherwise durable and scratch-resistant glasses is the wraparound quality . I still have material getting into my eyes . Perhaps it 's just my head shape .
 These are light and comfortable , just what I needed to firing airsoft guns in my basement without worrying about losing an eye . These would also be my first choice for shop work or other eye protection . I also wore these to the gun range and they are much more comfortable with earmuff style ear protection than the freebie eye protection they offer at the range . A good choice , buy a pair and protect your eyes !
 Great pair of protective gear . Clear good quality plastic . Does n't pinch around nose or templates . Great price and quality for the price as well .
 Good pair of safety glasses with a minimalistic style . Arrived as described . No complaints . If you are going to use these for a chemistry lab , make sure you check with the teacher first , some of them are pretty set on using `` monogoggles . ''
 I wished I bought 2 pair . I purchased them on sale after a trip to the hospital for getting insulation in my eye . I wear these anytime I am running a power tool and they have held up great . I wished I had bought 2 pair so I did n't have to run to grab them whenever I am working on something .
 Very nice quality ! One of the most comfy pairs of safety glasses I 've worn so I love these . I have somewhat of a small head -LRB- & I shave it -RRB- so buyers with larger heads may need a bigger pair because these fit me perfectly .
 These glasses are good for the price but they have a tendency to fog a bit . They are lightweight and you cant even tell they are on your face for the most part , they fit great !
 I use these glasses in my anatomy lab , to prevent any chemicals etc. going into my eyes . I love these glasses for a number of reasons :1 . They are very comfortable and cover the eyes very well .2 . They are very clearOnly thing I dislike about my pair is the hinges . They are slightly stiff , I would love it if they were slightly smoother . But I think can find a way to adjust them to my liking . Overall , I think for the price they are fantastic and I wold recommend them .
 As with all safety glasses , they are important to have in the tool box or other handy place . nice to have .
 If you need clear , brand name safety glasses these will do you just fine . Exact same thing you get in hardware stores for 6-7 times the price .
 Keep the eyes safe thats what this product is doing . Well made and would recommend them to others . perfect fit also .
 I 'm just glad to buy the good stuff at a good price.thank you so much happy new yearbye ~ : -RRB-
 This product was a no brainer . It was going to work on our system . The price was a factor too .
 Our hardware store does not carry these , so I was glad to find them on Amazon . They are a great add-on to the Raindrip starter kit we got at the hardware store . These worked on some plants that were not getting enough water with the starter-kit bubblers . The 180 degree spray range is perfect for the 2 areas I needed covered . I 'll probably purchase more of these when I finish replanting my front flower beds and converting to Raindrip from our old sprinkler system .
 It is a perfect fit for our Rubbermaid stock tank , unlike the ` universal ' unit we replaced.The element is kept away from our inquisitive horses with no risk of it being pulled from the tank.It automatically turns on and off when needed . Some reviewers complain of their electric bill , but I 'm not sure what product they think provides free electricity . When its on it uses electricity , that is a very simply principal .
 We bought this for our neighbor who has horses . They would play with the floating one so the plug-in kind was the best option .
 I 'm so happy with this tank heater . Not only did it come quickly it solved a major issue for me . I have used a similiar product froma competitor and this season after 1 years use it keep popping my GFI and was a major concern for me and my 3 horses . As soon as this new heater came and installed the GFI has not popped and my boys are happy . THANK YOU and yes buy it .
 We have used these stock tank heaters for years.they fit Rubbermaid stock tanks down at the bottom where the drain plug is , they do not fit buckets . Yes this does run up the electric bill , especially if you leave it on all the time . The key is to manage the time it is on . I plug it into the outlet in the morning and may leave it on a few hours a day while our cattle are drinking water . it is always unplugged at night . cattle are sleeping at night . I break the ice in the morning on top of the tank and plug in the heater . Unplug it later in the day depending on the outdoor temperature . I minimize the time it is on by allowing the sun to thaw out the ice . If it is above freezing with no or little ice on the water then I unplug it . It is only on when needed , once the ice is melted it gets unplugged . This means a few extra trips out there a day but it keeps me and the dogs active and I love being out with the cows . :--RRB- I hope this helps .
 Up here in the Cupertino mountains , this generator is the most popular solution for backup home power . You really do n't have any other choice in this category - 9KW , propane compatible , and under $ 2K . Winco 's canvas cover , auto-solenoid gas shutoff & line voltage monitor are all worthwhile accessories . Noise is good for a standalone generator , but quiet it 's not . Runs our 5K-sq . foot house nicely , networked computers and all - just lay off the electric stove .
 I 've had this generator for about 10 years and it has never failed . It is tri-fuel but I 've only used gasoline to date . Usage has been during power outages only and it runs my whole house with lights , TV , computers , microwave , well pump , heater -LRB- oil hot water -RRB- and air conditioning . Only thing bad I can say about it is the price and the small gas tank . I get about 6.5 hours run time on a tank but still I would recommend it for someone who wants something built to last .
 We read the reviews before we bought this product and the problems others were having with damage in shipping . We were a little nervous ! The fire pit shipped UPS and we received it with no damage at all - not one scratch ! The electronic iginition works fine . We found that starting it with a low flow of gas ignited much better than trying to light it with the gas fully opened.We use it on the deck just about every evening . Great product , great price , you ca n't beat the value ! It even comes with a cover !
 We were nervous after reading a few reviews about it showing up broken and/or not working , but when we finally fired it up tonight , we were thrilled ! It is cute , small so as to not take up a ton of your deck , and gives off some pretty good heat ! We hope to find a propane tank small enough to fit inside it b/c as of now , have the hose running under the deck to the propane , which is n't a big deal , but would probably look more elegant if it stood alone . VERY VERY pleased at such a low price !
 We just got our Celtic outdoor propane fire pit . It had a few minor cracks in the pit itself , but the repair kit that is included works verywell.It is very easy to set up . Make sure you remember to put the AAA batteryin the ignitor button . Our ignitor worked just fine . It will give us a great deal of enjoyment , even into late fall .
 This is a great bargain ! I received mine with a very minor crack in the bowl . Works perfectly ... Gives nice flame/heat . For those of you have asked , it comes with a hose and regulator which you connect to an external propane tank . The hose is a good 6-8 feet long .
 I also recieved my firepit w / a cracked bottom lip . No biggie !! This firplace is worth double what I paid for it , and I am preparing to order two more for my cabin and rental home . Just glad to see it is still selling for 200 bucks . My ignitor works perfectly . Get one quickly , and dont be so critical if it has a small crack , as it is ceramic and hard to ship perfectly .
 Have to say that I was a little concerned , having read about others who ordered this and had it rrive broken or with an igniter that did n't work . When mine arrived -- having been shipped across the country , it was perfect ! Right now I 'm sitting here watching beautiful relaxing flames . Works great , arrived fast in pristine condition . Could n't be happier ! Comes with fire logs , lava rock for the bottom . -LRB- Remember -- you need to put a AAA BATTERY in the igniter ... -RRB-
 I 'm not sure why others ding this on packaging . Ours arrived just fine . If it 's damaged when it comes , just refuse it and call amazon , they 'll get you another.We love ours . Not exactly a heater , but excellent for a nice cool night and it looks lovely.I give it 4 of 5 because the ignition does n't work , you 'll need long matches for this . No biggie , I keep them around for the grill.For the price though , you ca n't beat it !
 I read some reviews on this product and almost did not order because of some of the complaints . From cracks to faulty igniters . When mine arrived it had two small cracks on the top rim ... it came with two part mixtures of paint and concrete when mixed half and half it fills the cracks and adds character as far as I am concerned . The wire leading to the electronic starter was not connected underneath ... very simple to connect.The air inlet valve cover -LRB- underneath -RRB- was set for almost fully shut . What they do not tell you `` anywhere '' in the manual `` I had to call the factory '' is that with `` gas '' it is opened about 1/4 inch as factory setting . For `` propane '' it should be opened `` all the way '' ... simply turn it and you will see it is open fully . I completely `` love '' this fire pit ... . and for the price ... you ca n't afford `` not '' to buy it . It has given me many beautifully lit nights already . . and I am looking forward to many more . It comes with a heavy made cover ... and unlike other reviews ... it `` does '' give off plenty of warmth . Bring the peace and serenity of camping in the crisp open air to your own deck ... I did ; -RRB-
 For some reason this was half price when ordered . At $ 200 we could not pass it up . We have seen identical units in specialty patio stores for over $ 500 . Yes - the ignitor does NOT work - even when installing a AAA battery . And yes the unit can chip easily . A repair kit is included.Sits a bit low so we built a cedar rolling platform that both elevates and rolls out of the way when not in use.More than adequate for those chilly evenings in the Mountain South .
 This item was the least expensive and perhaps even one of the better looking propane fire pit devices . I have two disappointments with the purchase , but am still content with the purchase overall . First disappointment was that the propane cylinder was not enclosed within the unit thus making it completely unobtrusive . There is a 15 foot hose that connects the propane tank to the unit , so you can have the tank out of sight , but you still have a hose with which to contend . Second disappointment was that the ignitor switch was faulty . Although everything else seemed in order , the switch appeared used . Also , there was one log short in the order . These things can be resolved with minimal effort , so overall , I am still happy with the purchase . My wife is a TN girl and we live in MI . She loves the outdoors , just not the cold . So , to extend her time outdoors , this was perfect . As a fire fighter , I am aware that the wood burning fire pits can become bothersome to other residents in a suburbial situation . Propane with the imitation wood and lava rocks was an easy answer to that dilemma .
 After several uses the fire pit is working just the way it should . The only difficulty I had was converting from propane to natural gas . All the necessary parts were provided but the piping under the fire pit was so cramped that it took an extended period of time to break and remake the fittings . Once accomplished , however , the pit is doing its job . If I had used propane , the entire setup would have only taken a few minutes .
 I used the &#34; pot fire pit &#34; as pictured for one season . Problem was that there was no place to kick back , prop your feet up and enjoy the fire . So , I built a &#34; C &#34; shaped circle out of retaining blocks -LRB- from Home Depot -RRB- glued together that was slightly taller than the fire pit . I had a granite top made with a hole cut in it that I rested on top of the blocks . I now have a table that holds drinks , snacks and warms your feet .
 I have always used hand sprouters , like jars , screens , etc. I was AMAZED the first batch of sprouts that came out of this!After years of attempting to grow sprouts , I finally did withthis machine and within DAYS I had big sprouts !!! AAAAAA for this product ! Well worth the money !
 I love my sprouter so much that I got the extra barrel . This system makes sprouting so easy that you can actually turn your kitchen table into a sprout farm .
 I bought it new 18 months before Y2K.The main selling point for me was the Honda engine.More than enough watts for multiple loads , AC , fridge , wash machine . All at the same time.Have not had any problems in 250 hrs of operation.Uses about 1 gal of fuel per hr at full load . Be aware if you intend to run it on propane you will need a 100lb tank or better . 20lb grill size tank is too small.I am very happy with this genset .
 I bought it new 18 months before Y2K.The main selling point for me was the Honda engine.More than enough watts for multiple loads , AC , fridge , wash machine . All at the same time.Have not had any problems in 250 hrs of operation.Uses about 1 gal of fuel per hr at full load . Be aware if you intend to run it on propane you will need a 100lb tank or better . 20lb grill size tank is too small.I am very happy with this genset .
 This chair is awesome . I am 6 ' 2 '' tall and heavily built . This chair is comfortable and durable . It is SO comfortable that when I take it camping I have been known to fall asleep in it.If you will always use the chair in the Summer , the mesh may be cooler . I got the padded one since I also use it in cooler weather . Also , do n't let the padded one get wet . It can take a while to dry.Don ' t be worried about the one bad review on here . If you read what they guy says , he ignored directions to the contrary and left it outdoors for 2 years in the sun and rain . Duh .
 My husband and I have used our Lafuma padded recliners for about 6 years and they are still the most comfortable chairs we 've ever owned . We keep ours on our porch except when we 're camping , so use them about 175 days a year.As with most folding products , there is a small learning curve on the easiest way to open the chair -LRB- stand behind it , put one foot on the back leg and pull the top of the back up and back -RRB- but once you have that , they are very stable and even more comfortable than our La-Z-Boy 's . We do n't leave the chairs out in the weather because I would n't expect any kind of fabric to last under those conditions.All-in-all , we could n't ask for a better quality chair .
 I got this chair for my 6 ' 3 '' -LRB- 1.9 m -RRB- 300 lbs -LRB- 136 kg -RRB- husband and he loves it . The chair has a cleaver locking system and the padding is very comfortable .
 We have slugs in our garden and besides eating up the leaves of any flowers and vegetables we try to grow , they are just disgusting creatures , especially if you touch or step on one by accident.These pellets work very fast and I was surprised at how quickly they attracted the gastropods . Within 24 hours of application , I discovered 7 or 8 fleshy , thumb-sized slugs along with several smaller slugs around the bait area , all in the process of dying -LRB- which I quickly skewered with a rod and deposited in the trash -RRB- . The small slugs -LRB- macaroni-sized -RRB- , I 've seen numerous times under rocks and flower pots . The big slugs though , I have never seen until using the Ortho Bug-geta . I also noticed dead snail -LRB- very small ones -RRB- around the baited area.Safety Precautions : ------------------- These pellets look like pet food or Grape Nuts , so apply with care if you have pets or small children . The poison warnings are clearly labeled on the box , so I do not deduct points for the toxicity of this product . Common sense , caution , and ample hand-washing -LRB- or gloves -RRB- goes without saying when handling any kind of hazardous chemical.All family members should also be informed of the area being treated in order to minimize accidental ingestion . These pellets should n't be used around vegetables and foliage to be eaten , so instead , set up a snail perimeter around your garden . Baiting near shady , moist areas works best as that is the slug and snail 's favorite environment.Summary : - highly effective and fast-acting slug/snail attractant . I saw results in less than 24 hours . - use caution when handling , as with any potentially hazardous chemical - looks like pet food pellets , so make sure to keep your cats , dogs and small children away from the garden while treating - metaldehyde -LRB- the active compound in this formulation -RRB- has little effect on earthworms , which are beneficial to gardeners . I did get some earthworm by-kill though . 2 dead - contains Bitrex , the most bitter substance known , to deter pets from ingesting this bait.I have no pets or small children and live in an urban setting , so poisoning of unintended animals and wildlife is not an issue .
 I am certain that I have never , in all my long years , seen a product of any kind that worked as advertised to a greater extent than this one does . In fact , I 'm not sure that any product I ever bought exceeded my expectations to the extent that this one has.Being SICK of four to five inch long , man 's finger thick `` Spanish Slugs '' crawling around my property in NY at night , -LRB- You know
 We have been fighting off black crows for over a month not knowing that the snails we saw here or there around our property were out in full force every morning all over our lawn , but particularly around the perimeter . This has been a nightmare ! By the time we would be up and out in the yard , it would be midday and we would scare off the crows that had been poking and digging holes all over the grass . Finally , a couple of days ago , I went out very early and saw that in the many , many dead patches of grass were piles of snails ! I completely freaked out ! Found this product and ordered it overnight . IN ONE DAY THE SNAILS WERE DEAD ! I did not even want to kill anything , I just hoped the snails would leave , which would get the black crows to leave and allow my grass to grow back . Well , literally , the next morning -LRB- and I spead this stuff in the afternoon -RRB- the snails were dead all over my lawn . Again , I freaked , BUT THIS STUFF WORKS and I am ordering two more packages -LRB- I bought two in the first place because we have a huge lawn -RRB- now to put around my planters and hillside . I do not write reviews , but this stuff is the real deal and I know that I appreciate reviews that help me decide to buy a product . Over a month fighting with crows ... I may actually enjoy my yard again !
 I love the bag/dispenser of this product . You can shake out and spread a very small amount of this product easily and evenly . This ability makes the bag last an incredibly long amount with little to no waste.Next , this product is amazingly effective . What makes it so is that I can place a very small amount around the perimeter , and it will draw out the snails to itself where they will eat the product and die . This happens very rapidly . Within a day or two , I can then take some disposable gloves and scoop up all the dead remains and be done with it.Of course you should read and follow all the safety precautions as noted by another reviewer . Again , the advantage of this product is that you can use very little and snails will be attracted to it , so you do n't have to broadcast it all over .
 We had a slug problem on our large patio . Each evening , after sunset , they would appear . Dozens . Given that we entertain outside often , it was a problem . A disgusting problem ... that more than once caused a guest to squeal when they inadvertently stepped on a slug or touched one that climbed on to a raised surface.I tried everything . Cups of beer , going outside each evening with salt ... but while those approaches helped , the army continued to assault us . In desperation , I decided to look into a chemical solution.My local home store had two options - this product -LRB- containing 3.25 % Metaldehyde -RRB- and a supposedly safer and more environmentally friendlier product that contained 1 % Iron Phosphate . Before buying , I researched both products and was surprised to learn that baits with Metaldehyde might actually be safer than those with Iron Phosphate.Why?Both products suspend the active ingredient in a cereal flour-based granular form ... which children and pets may be tempted to eat . While some claim that Iron Phosphate is safer because it is naturally occurring , either product will be toxic -LRB- perhaps causing death -RRB- when ingested in moderate quantities.The EPA requires Metaldehyde bait products sold in the U.S. to include Bitrex , an agent that causes the taste to be bitter , thereby discouraging consumption . No such requirement is in place for products containing the supposedly more natural -LRB- but also toxic -RRB- Iron Phosphate.If you want to know more , there is a nice article here on the `` Hosta Library '' website , which also references several related studies . Amazon discourages links in reviews , but if you are interested , Google the phrase `` Iron Phosphate Slug Bait - How Dangerous is it in the Garden ? `` So yes , I bought this Ortho product ... and spread it throughout my gardens and along the base of a stone wall that seemed to be serving as a daytime condo complex for slugs.The result?Within 24 hours my problem was solved . It has been a week and I have yet to see a slug . Well , that 's not true . I have yet to see a LIVE slug . While I ca n't see the results clearly in the gardens , the edge of the wall now looks like the slug killing fields ... with no slug making it more than a couple of inches beyond their `` slug snack '' before expiring ... and our patio is now slug-free . This stuff is magic in an easy-pour pouch.Of course , if you have small children or pets , you either need to be careful and monitor them in any area in which you have used this product or stick with traps ... because I would be very hesitant to rely completely on the Bitrex agent to discourage consumption ... even in light of the fact that the EPA recently increased the required amount of Bitrex by a factor of ten in Metaldehyde bait products . That said , it 's better to have a product that includes it than one that does not ... at least in my book .
 well , as much as I dislike upsetting theecological balance , there 's a pointreached where its them or me.Ok , I use chemical weapons ...
 Just spread the Killer around your plants andlightly water them . Check the next morning andif you have Slugs you will find them dead ordying there . Just get rid of the remains becausethey attract flys galore . Ca n't beat thisbuy from Amazon .
 Slugs are a way of life here in the Pacific NW . Being a little nervous about the toxicity of chemical pesticides , I emailed our neighborhood captain several days before applying the Bug-Geta and she sent out an email to all our neighbors letting them know I would be using this product . I said I would try to keep it away from the sidewalk -LRB- and I did -RRB- but I wanted my neighbors to be aware not to allow kids and small animals in our yard for a while . It has n't been a problem at all.I 'd had something nibbling at my petals of my mini daisies in the front yard . I was n't sure what was getting at them -LRB- I thought it might be mites -RRB- and read that this would kill those as well , so I decided to try it . Imagine my surprise -LRB- and sadistic excitement -RRB- when I went to deadhead some flowers the next morning -LRB- less than 24 hours later -RRB- and saw THREE HUGE SLIME TRAILS leading away from my daisies !! Two slugs were still there , dead . The third trail did n't have a slug attached but I have a feeling the crows in our yard ate it already.Anyway , it works ! I am excited about how quickly this worked and will plan to use it a bit at a time through the rainy season here so I can have lovely dahlias in a few months as well as my happy daisies . Hooray !
 I received these irises in great condition . Because I received them after the blooming season , I will have to wait until next Spring for results . Hopefully , they will be spectacular !!
 The other review here is not for this product !!! I agree with the 2-star rating for the 150R . The 105R is a different story !! It has plenty of power for most jobs , is easy to handle , and lasts a long time . The speed spool is great . The curved neck is a must . This is the only string trimmer I really like for most jobs within range of an outlet . Use a 14 guage cord . I have used this model for years , and have not found another -LRB- even Stihl -RRB- that compares .
 The Ryobi 105R is a powerful electric trimmer , yet light-weight enough to handle with one hand if you have a particularly difficult spot to trim , and it is balanced nicely so there is no back strain as there can be with models that have the motor mounted at the bottom of the trimmer . Like all corded electrics it has the disadvantage of being tied to an outlet ; otherwise , it is perfect for trimming around the house . More reliable and easier to start than a gas powered trimmer and just as powerful . It 's Consumer Reports highest rated corded trimmer .
 I was a little hesitant about one reviewer 's negative remarks about the speed spool . Turns out you have to read the instructions and learn what the thing will do and wo n't do . Once I got past the learning curve the thing worked fine .
 After consulting the Consumer reports review , I bought this item . It works great BUT the automatic feed does not work . When the line gets short , I have to remove the line holder and manually rethread the line ! Even with a previous electric trimmer I had this p -LSB- roblem I do not know if it is me or the machine!Other than thais issue it works fine .
 I have used the speedspool refill with the Ryobi 132R Electric Grass TrimmerPlus . These refills are extremely easy to install . Only problem I 've had is with the 132R itself in that it does not always dispense line even though you bump the head on solid ground . Regardless , I am satisfied w / these refills .
 My string trimmer ran out of string and I order refill . I refilled the trimmer and has used it since .
 Great service Deliver and I 'll order from them again I ordered several items from them and received everything in tip top shape now i 'm ready to get edging .
 When I first got my Ryobi gas trimmer & needed more line , I got a Spool ... paid a lot of money for it -LRB- compared to these refills -RRB- . The next time I needed more line , I called Ryobi with a question ... We got to talking about how to add the line ... She explained to me how easy it was to use refills instead of spools ... I got a package of refills at my local store , followed the instructions , and WOWed at how EASY it was to do ! ... and for a whole lot cheaper , too!The instructions are super easy ... merely line two marks up & stick the line in & anchor it and it 's DONE!The REFILLS are the ONLY way to do it ... They are EASY to install and cost a whole lot cheaper than buying spools!If you have n't done it , TRY it , you WILL like it !
 My first shipment did n't arrive , when I emailed them I got a no-questions-asked reshipment within days . For such a small purchase they gave me very the service of an important customer .
 It 's green.It 's nylon.It works great in my weed whacker.Yea ! The stuff of history .
 I have just spend the afternoon using this string trimmer for the first time , and I 'm extremely satisfied . Two months ago I moved up from my little electric Weed Eater to a Homelite gas 2 cycle string trimmer
 I have been using this for about 3 weeks now & must say it has worked very well . I have a large yard -LRB- 1/2 acre -RRB- with lots of grass and weeds to stay on top of . This trimmer has no problems and even does edging . A thicker line would be nice -LRB- I think it is available too -RRB- , the stock line breaks easily . Reducing the speed helps this.This trimmer is very light and even though it is corded , it is easy to get around.You wo n't be disappointed with this trimmer.EDIT
 I can go over the technical aspects as the other reviews have done . But all I have to say , is OU , OU , OU as Tim the `` Tool Man Taylor '' would say . This unit has great power and just chops through thoughs weeds , grass , etc. like butter . When I first saw it , I thought it was a gas unit . It is built solid and just feels good to hold it . I just attached the bottom unit and away I went . What use to take an hour with my old trimmer -LRB- a cheap line trimmer -RRB- only took me 20 minutes with this unit . It was fun ! There is nothing like using the right tool for the Job !
 In its third summer of light duty use , the Ryobi trimmer does well dispatching the tasks of my small .3 acre yard . I just replaced the nylon cord and the task was much easier then expected . Just cut TWO 8 foot sections of line -LRB- not clear in manual -RRB- and feed right on to spool . You do NOT need to remove spool ! Squirt some WD-40 to ease installation.Watch to keep the motor ventilation clear and cool running . Not as powerful as a gas model but then the electric always starts!You can use alternative nylon line .
 I received my Ryobi 132R line-trimmer for father 's day and found it easy to assemble , and when I got started actually trimming ... I was quite happy with it ! It weighs a good amount , and it feels solid , and it has a high/low power switch so if you need to really chop at some stubborn growth you can flick a switch and it will take out most grass or weeds . To get branches though I think you need an attachment . I 'm excited about the other attachments available , but I do n't have any yet ...
 A short reviewI 've used this for a year , and I love it . It gets the job done well , and it 's easy to use . Works very well . Good ergonomics . Well balanced . Does n't bog down with big jobs.Be sure to wear a face shield -LRB- not just goggles -RRB- when you use it - because when you are edging with it , -LRB- and you are using it vertically to cut away grass at the edge of your lawn -RRB- it sure does kick up stones . And I use earplugs to protect my ears.Don ' t bother to buy precut -LRB- costly -RRB- cutting ` string ' - just buy a long reel , and cut off a 10 ' length , then cut in half . Save the money.Oh yes - and be careful edging around the base of small shrubs - it is easy to cut the bark and harm the plants .
 I am a single woman who wants NO problems with lawn equipment simply beacause I ca n't work on them . I was at a local hardware store and found this Ryobi 132r TrimmerPlus on the clearance table . -LRB- ... -RRB- I have n't weedeated all spring or summer and it cut right thru all the tall weeds and grass like butter ! I did n't have the owners manuel but was able to find it right here on this site , my next purchase will be the blower for it ! Buy this trimmer , you wo n't be sorry !
 I had inherited an older electric model with the house I just bought , and found it weak and useless for high grass . This trimmer is simply amazing -- its low speed is fast enough for very thick grass , and as for high speed -- well , that you just have to experience to believe . I 'm very satisfied -- and spending very little time trimming the lawn thanks to how fast and effective it is .
 no gas , no hassle . this trimmer takes all sorts of attachments . the power is good and the unit is light . starts right away every time . i hate 2-cycle gas fumes so this ryobi is perfict . for the price it ca n't be beat . buy this thing !
 Okay , I 'll be honest with you ... I never bought or used this product . However , I 'd like to say that in the May 2002 issue of Consumer Reports , they rated the Ryobi 132r Trimmer the best corded trimmer of them all , giving the model it 's highest rating in terms of it 's trimming capability due to it 's dual cutting lines . Now , after reading the previous user reviews , I 'm definitely planning on buying one.Just my 2 cents ... -LRB- or make that 74 bucks -RRB-
 I bought this in 2004 and it is still working like a charm . It is a little bit heavy for me -LRB- I 'm in my 50 's with bad shoulders -RRB- but I can handle it ok . Changing out the line is easy . It was a good buy .
 I have had my Ryobi trimmer plus for about 6 years . It is the best electric trimmer I have ever had . I wanted to get another one but for some unknown reason Ryobi thought that gas was better . Not for me I ca n't stand to use a gas trimmer with the gas smell , the pulling to start the darn thing , and the weight . If Ryobi ever could just come back with this trimmer I would be so happy .
 Left my perfectly functioning Ryobi 132R in Texas - let it convey in the house sale . It held up to a lot of abuse , like new after three years.Wish I had brought it along to NC.Now I can not find a new one . It looks like it has been discontinued , unless it 's now re-badged as a Troy-Bilt . It does n't look the same , however .
 I just threw my Ryobi 132r Trimmer plus in the trash . Yep , darn thing could only take about 10 years of HARD yard work and flower bed construction . In all the years I had it , I replaced one thing on it , the screw down bumper . When I bought it , people who are supposed to know about good lawn care products told me Ryobi was a bad product ... wish I could remember who they were , so when I buy my NEW one , I could show it to 'em . You wo n't be disappointed if you 're thinking about buying this trimmer for tough jobs ... unless you drag it down the road behind your pickup truck before each use !
 This trimmer is well designed . It makes a lot of sense to have the motor on the end of the stick opposite the trimmer string and makes it easier to balance . Be sure to install the attachments right side up or you 'll block the motor vents with your body and arm -LRB- make sure the logo is n't upside down when using it . -RRB- I used it to trim overgrown ivy , vinca , and weeds and it worked well - although this is n't the machine for major , thick brush cutting or fiborous plants . Probably need a gas motor and a metal blade for heavy work .
 I really like this trimmer . The power cord lock is easy to use . -LRB- I recommend a round vs flat cord . -RRB- I 'm using 12 gauge cord -LRB- After all power loss is reduced by using a heavier wire . -RRB- and it just fits.The string winder is really easy to use , and you do n't have to buy pre-wound cassets like some other string timmers I could mention but wo n't . All but one of the attachments work with this motor unit . -LRB- The hedge trimmer -RRB-
 The spool is plastic and after 6 years of use , it was ready to be replaced . I was dreading the possibility of buying a new trimmer until I saw this on Amazon . The spool was ordered and arrived in 3 days .
 My old Ryobi trimmer needed a new spool and bump knob -LRB- and I could n't find them locally -RRB- , so I bought both of them here . Both of them work fine with my old trimmer , and could n't beat the price for having them shipped to my door .
 Quick , excellent service ; the product was as expected . Quick , excellent service ; the product was as expected . -LRB- When will the submit button activate ? -RRB-
 The spool was the exact replacement part i needed , and as a bonus came loaded with string , the price was more than reasonable .
 I guess I did n't know what to expect when ordering this item . I was sure there would be only a few feet of string on the spool , probably not enough to do much . Suprise , suprise , it is/was loadedand ready to do serious damage to whatever weed got in its way.Very good product , thank you .
 I must admit that it took a little finagling to get this in properly but now that I know what I 'm doing this thing completely resurrected my old Ryobi 750R that was destined for the trash because of a worn out spool cartridge . If you have a working weed eater like I did but just need a replacement spool cartridge then look no further .
 This spool fit just right . It was preloaded with line . Had a little trouble loading it that way . Got it mounted . Weed whackamania .
 Only way to refill most of these Ryobi trimmers . Doing it yourself is a recipe for forced alcoholism .
 Much better than having to replace the whole trimmer . Now it works well again . And , it was so easy to find the parts from you .
 I was ecstatic to find this trimmer cartridge online . My husband could not find it anywhere in the stores and was about to buy a new weed wacker . It fits his machine perfectly and the shipping was fast . Thanks !
 This cartridge , like the trimmer line -LRB- review separately -RRB- is an exact replacement for some Ryobi trimmers -LRB- check models -RRB- .
 Unable to find this item anywhere , including the manufacturing . Amazon delivered as promised .
 Repaied a friends Ryobi that had lost this spool and the bump button . This one works perfectly .
 I received the item very fast . No problems at all . Thanks you for stacking the item . It was hard to find .
 Was considering a 1 star but had to be fair . Since I have received this part , lawn chores are now once again possible .
 what a waste , are you really reading this review of a spool ? Yeah it is a spool for the trimmer . I ca n't believe how many times Amazon nagged me about this stupid review for a trimmer spool . Not like it 's rocket science or a computer somebody might actually appreciate a review on ...
 If you have a Ryobi trimmer take my advice and order this now.It does not wear out that often . However , you will want to have it on hand when the original one wears out . If your trimmer line is not spitting out well it could be you need to replace this assembly .
 This was perfect ! The part I needed to get my weed wacker working again ! Easy to replace the part also ! Which is important to me !
 I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE . I HAD CHECKED WITH RYOBI TO SEE IF I COULD PURCHASE ONE FROM THEM TO NO AVAIL SO I BOUGHT IT ON LINE . IT WORKS GREAT .
 Quick , excellent service ; the product was as expected . Quick , excellent service ; the product was as expected . -LRB- Come on ; activate the submit button . -RRB-
 Replaced the bump knob on my old Troy Bilt trimmer . I almost thought I had the wrong part since the replacement was so much bigger . The old knob was worn down to nothing . With the new knob , the trimmer spools string much more consistently . Worth the $ 8 to replace every few years . Do n't wait 8 years like I did .
 I bought this replacement spool bump knob because mine had broken . I must say that it takes a bit of force to get the spool installed properly , but once that 's done -LRB- relatively easy -RRB- your good to go . Works great on my Ryobi 750R .
 It was good to find this simple little part for my trusty 20 + year old Ryobi weed beater . I had even gone so far as to replace the head with one of the newer Aero-Flex heads . However , I found that the replacement cost for the Aero-Flex vanes was more than I wanted to pay , although they were somewhat faster to replace . The speed bump does the job and I 'll just take care to bump it less on pavement and more on the soil . I 'm happy with it .
 Evidently these bump knobs wear out regularly . When I looked it up in the catalog , it was prominently displayed , and priced right . Delivery time about 4 days USPS .
 Works great with the weed whacker.The button on the end wears out too soon , being hollow.Take a 3/4 '' wooden dowel and shove that in there and it 'll last for years .
 This was a perfect fit and was shipped out so fast.Thank you ,
 I have searched for this part for several months and was informed by everyone that it was no longer available.Only on Amazon was I able to find exactly what I needed without having to purchase another ` newer ' model.Thanks Amazon for again finding parts and everything else I want ! I honestly believe that if I can not find it on Amazon , then it can not be found !
 Could n't have been easier to find the product to order . I was able to locate my model and find the correct replacement part . It was delivered when promised and works great .
 I got this part in 3 working days . Put it in and it worked perfectly . No problems what so ever .
 Ignore title name . My electric edger is about 10 to 12 years old and I 've gone through 6 bump knobs over that time frame . I was surprised that anyone still stocked the knobs , let alone offerred them at such a good price . Because I ordered six knobs , they were sent priority mail without a premium shipping charge , and I received them within 5 days .
 I like to keep my yard trimmed , and when my trimmer blew a part , I was out of action . I checked out several websites for the part , and I found these -LRB- I ordered 2 -RRB- at the lowest price and very easy to order . I received it quickly , and it worked like a charm . I am a happy trimmer ! Jeff
 Worked ok in my 15 yr old Ryobi 775R trimmer I purchased April 1996 . It is different then the original setup . The original was a visible square nut recessed in a low profile knob . This one is fully contained and therefore a little taller profile but seems to work ok . The only reason that is a concern is it did advance the line a time or two by accident since the knob sticks down farther .
 This part helped revive an old trimmer that was destined for scrap.Fits perfect and works as it should .
 Works like a charm , and arrived quickly . At this price , buy yourself 3 or 4 to have a lifetime supply - if you order enough to get free shipping , that covers the cost of the last one .
 Repaied a friends Ryobi that had lost this bump button . This one works perfectly .
 This is a great product at a great price . It was exactly as described and exactly what we needed . We 'll purchase more ASAP .
 This was a great shopping experience ! The bumper knob part came quickly and was exactly as described . It fit perfectly and was easy to install . Was quickly back in action trimming again for a fraction of the cost of replacing the entire unit . Would highly recommend to anyone who simply needs a bumper knob replacement .
 This shipped to my front door within two days . Works great and the price was right . Thanks Amazon .
 The local Lowes and Home Depot no longer carry the Ryobi speed spool bump knob so getting this online at a very low cost and a very fair shipping fee was the perfect solution for replacing my worn out bump knob .
 good prroduct just ca n't bump it on concrete too much its a hard plastic so I bought 2 of them since they are hard too find . Great price though .
 I was unable to use my edger , found a `` bumper knob '' online , ordered it , had it installed , and now I 'm `` back in business '' . Thank you , Amazon !
 Ordering was easy . Shipping was fast . Price was fair . Got it cheaper than through local parts store even with shipping charge . I would not hesitate to order again when repair parts are needed . Thanks for A1 service .
 Last time I was able to find this part at Menard 's . I could n't find it at Home Depot where this lawn trimmer was bought new . They only want to sell you another new one . I got quick delivery , too . I also found a replacement spool at another Amazon seller by googling the part and model number . Why spend $ 100 or more when I can keep the old machine going for $ 20 . This Ryobi runs as well as the day I got it .
 My Ryobi trimmer is a little old so the local hardware stores do n't carry replacement parts ; this bump knob works fine . You probably should replace the spool as well if you have n't recently , because a new knob can catch on a ratty old spool . I bought both , replaced the bump knob right away , and will replace the spool the next time it runs out of line .
 Not much to say about the knob . I 'm glad the seller carried and stocked it . It arrived fast ! Shipping was not reduced for the 2nd knob at all . But , when you can not find the product locally , you are forced to accept what a vendor offers . The service was fast , the product , just as described . The shipping costs were too high.Would I do business with this seller again ? Yes , if I need the bump knobs again.Thank you
 I ordered this replacement for my Ryobi electric mower . It is a slightly more rare model and the old bump knob was substantially different - but this one fit perfectly and works better than the old one . Sometimes I LOVE the internetz . Back in the day , I am sure my dad had to scour catalogs and call all over the place just to get his mower fixed . I just go to AMAZON !
 The part worked as described.Much easier to purchase online rather than chasing around town looking for parts supplyers .
 This product was exactly what I needed to fix my weed eater . Easy enough to install , I just unscrewed/twisted the old one and screwed this one on . My weedeater works like new . Fast shipping , great retailer . Thanks !
 I needed three of these knob assemblies , so I checked several web sites and this one added only pennies to each extra item on the shipping cost.Between the cost of each item and the combined shipping this turned out to be a great deal.Terry 's comes highly recommended .
 This is exactly what I was looking for and I could not find it locally . Item fit on my string trimmer and everything works well . Fast shipping and a good price , could n't ask for anything more . Since they do wear out rather quickly I will probably order a couple more .
 The prewound Ryobi string cartriges are almost impossible to find at home centers . Mostly generic types that do n't fit or work .
 Worked perfectly for my application . Went to home improvement stores to replace my worn out old cartridge . Could n't find it anywhere . Amazon came through once again for me . Works like a charm .
 this oil is for all the mtd 2-cycle engines used today and amazon has a good price compared to local stores . recommened it highly !
 This was the perfect replacement for my weed-eater bump head . I could n't find one at the local hardware stores and my weed-eater was worthless without this part . Now I do n't need to buy a new weed eater .
 After comparing several models of electric blowers , I selected the Ryobi 190R ... partly because of the features vs. price , and a LOT because I have been so pleased with my Ryobi RT3000 table saw . That proved to be a GOOD MOVE ! The 190R has MORE than enough POWER -LRB- I would n't point it directly at the ground in the high-speed mode when blowing ... you might set off several `` dust devils '' in the neighborhood . Mine was strong enough on the `` low '' setting to blow away GRAVEL and made me reluctant to try the VACUUM setup , since we have small pets ... -RRB- . As for the FEATURES
 I checked this one out in Consumer Reports and it was rated very highly . I am very pleased . It is easy to assemble and has plenty of power . It is also quiet , which I 'm sure my neighbors appreciate . I only wish it were easier to switch between the blower and mulcher attachments .
 Having never owned or used an blower/vac before , I went on Consumer Reports reccomendation of the 190R . While I 'm not dissapointed , I must say it 's a little less than I was hoping for . First of my complaints is that the tube that connects the collection bag to the unit does n't attach tightly , causing it to constantly fall off . A little duct tape corrected this , but it is a design flaw , and a potentially dangerous one at that - nothing like getting hit in the leg by a high velocity accorn.Second , while the vac is strong enough to pick up pine cones and other assorted large yard debris , the mulching blade is not strong enough to cut them up , resulting in frequent stuck blades , requiring partial disassembly to fix . Not a huge problem , but a bit of a time consuming pain . Because of this , I genrally ruin it on low speed , just so it wo n't vaccume such items up in the first place . I must say though it works superbly on dry leaves , and mulches them up into a fine powder - excellent mulch , or at least requireing much less space in the yard waste bin .
 For the money this blower probably can not be beat . I had bought a Black & Decker blower/vacumn at Home Depot and returned it . It was so loud it made my ears hurt . No such problem with this blower . While it 's not quiet , it was not annoyingly loud like the B&D blower or blowers I 've heard my neighbors using.It does take a few minutes to convert from blower to vacumn but it 's not like I 'm going to use it every day or even every week . The vacumn/mulcher did a great job with a pile of leaves I had and also was terrific for getting debris out from hard to get to places -LRB- small areas adjacent to my house and the steps going down to my basement door -RRB- . I like the two speeds , as well.The only potential downside could be that the opening at the end of the blower is a little smaller than others I 've seen . This means that it may take longer to get what you set out to do done . If you have a very large yard with many trees , that may be something you want to consider . It should work fine for the size yard and trees I have -LRB- and the number of trees adjacent to my property -RRB- . We 'll know for sure come Fall . So far , I 'm very glad I bought it .
 I agree with all the positive points the other reviewers had touched on . I just want to add that I have fibromyalgia , and have a problem with muscle fatigue and spasms when I do physical activity , especially in my back . This unit is lightweight , and when the bag is slung across your shoulder correctly , it does n't feel that heavy , even when the bag is full . I had more problems dealing with the slope and tree branches than I did with the unit itself . The only way I would improve it would be with an optional extension for the tube , so taller people could use it without having to bend over to get the intake tube close enough to the leave when vacuuming . -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB-
 I have only used this 2 times . I only use the vacuum mulcher feature . I had to tape the 2 pipe sections together because they kept falling apart . Using it is about as much fun as vacuuming your house . It does mulch heavy alvacodo tree leaves nicely .
 WHY IS IT THAT THIS MACHINE CAN NOT BE PURCHASED IN THE UNITED STATES . GOING ON LINE YOU CAN GET IT IN THE UK BUT THEY WILL NOT DELIVER TO THE UNITED STATES . WHAT IS UP WITH THAT ???????????
 The blade shipped has teeth in the contact area and works great . Installation was easy , although I would replace the locknut with a new one when you change the blade .
 Smooth , sleak , and easy to install . This bad-boy replaced my old dinged-up blade , rendering me a summer of edging excitment.And when I intentionally raised the guard , I was able to use this baby to cut 2 '' deep lines in swatches of zoiza I wanted to roll up and remove from my yard .
 The blade I received was actually a generic blade for use on different brands of trimmers . I used this blade as a replacement on a Ryobi trimmer . It works better than the original . I was able to edge some thick St Augustines grass no problem . I was actually about to buy a new trimmer however these blades should give me a few more years of use on this one .
 Really does what it 's meant to . My edges look great . I used my old one so much that I gound it down . Replacing it made me see the difference right away , good product , quality steel .
 Had a hard time finding this item , They had what I needed and gave fast service . Thanks
 This blade is the replacement for the Ryobi edger formerly sold by HD . They no longer carry the replacement blade , and this one is not only cheaper but ordering is a snap .
 Not only did the product arrive prior to the expected delivery date , the product fit perfectly also.Even though the pricing was slightly higher , not an issue , the best part was that the product was usable.I have attempted to purchase this product in the past but , all had to be returned due to improper fit.Thank you , Amazon .
 This replacement blade has lasted through 2 summers and still has plenty of blade left . I 'm not sure that it is necessarily better than anything that I could have bought at my local home improvement store , but I certainly got it cheaper through Amazon . I 'll definitely look here the next time I need to replace it .
 excellent edge trimmer blade and very durable , no damage to blade over entire summer of using this , quick arrival and good price
 For some reason these blades are hard to find in stores -LRB- Lowes/Home Depot/Tru Value -RRB- so I was glad to find them on-line and glad that I could get them at good price
 Had my original blade for about 7 years . Replaced it this year with this one . My edger is truly like new again . No more backing up to re-edge the same area two or sometime three times if I waited too long between edges . I used this new blade on the first edging of the season . Works like a champ !!!
 Just what I ordered . The blade comes unsharpened . I had to put an edge on the blade with a grinder no problem , works great .
 Pick up a set of these blades to replace the worn and shortened blades on your old trimmer . They are OEM factory replacements .
 My husband considers leaf blowers gadgets -- but since I am the lawn care provider in the family , he humored me by allowing me to purchase one . I have rheumatoid arthritis and needed to find a machine that I could easily maneuver on my own . I love the fact that I can be blowing leaves one second , flip the lever , and I am sucking up leaves in my planting bed ! . The only negative to the design is the plug in . Unless you wrap the extension cord around the inside of handle , the cord unplugs alot . Once I looped it through the handle , the problem was solved !
 To change from blower to vacuum with a flip of a switch , no changing parts is just about the best idea in yard work . I used to pull my old blower/vac out when I absolutely had to and hated taking it apart several times to switch from blower to vac mode as I moved around the yard . Now I use it every week after mowing in no time at all . I can work an area blowing the leaves out , flip a switch and vacuum them up without the hassle of changing parts . My old blower vacuum attachment broke from over use . This unit is light , comfortable and very powerful . A great choice for the home gardener !
 Okay Amazon.com can you believe it ?? I ordered a Ryobi 1300 on Oct 28 about midnight . Today , I was mowing my yard , and when done , I was picking up the leaves around the curb with my Weedeater Gator Vac . My first Gator Vac lasted about -LRB- 5 -RRB- years and blew apart , a couple of months ago . I had bought , a second one , and had never ran it , as it was my spare . Then when needed , I tried to run the spare , and it had a bad moter , so I took both units apart , and made one good one , I thought . Well the fixed one , lasted for one yard moving , and leaf picking up . I could tell the motor bearings were going out plus the knob , at the bottom , to change from blow to vacuum was in bad shape . I got by one last job , but as I was using it this afternoon , the motor evidently let go of the impeller . It would run but no blow or vacuum . I deposited it into the waste can for City trash pickup , and I went and got a broom and a large dust pan . As I was picking up about -LRB- 3-4 -RRB- baskets of leaves by hand.A Brown UPS truck drives up , to the curb , and stops . The UPS man says , I got you Royobi , and we talked for a few minutes and I quickly unpacked the box , and got my extension cord back out again . I turned the switch on , and it was in blow mode . I quickly turned the switch to the vacuum mode and the leaves disappeared and were sucked into the bag and shreaded into a ratio of about 1/10 . A couple of times , I touched the ground with the nozzle , and was almost pulled to China . I then attached a log chain to my garden tractor and my seat belt I was then wearing to keep from going too far under ground . Ha Ha!This is great piece of equipment and is better than the Gator Vac ever was when new.Amazon.Com , you saw my order , for this and the Bessy clamps and the Dewalt router edge guide . All have been delivered , and all are fine tools . You can expect , many more orders , from us soon . In fact , tonight , we will order much more . My next order will be for many Freud router bits and other accessories for a table saw etc. . This was my first order using the internet , because all the local stores do not sell most of my needs.Keep up the good work . The beauty of the Ryobi is that you can change from blow to vacuum by throwing a switch . This means , one can blow a pile of trash , then vacuum it up , without having to change nozzles and install a bag . For a yard , of about 110 ft it is certainly the way to go . Beautiful engineering design . You will be happy with this equipment , I guarantee IT . Now to place another order for even more !! Thanks again , From Decatur , Alabama
 This device from Ryobi is the ultimate for the home gardner who needs a blower to move clippings and leaves into one area and then change to a vacuum with one easy flip of the handle to pick up the debris into the attached bag , and you do n't have to change nozzles.It took me four years to wear out my last one .
 I just ordered my second Ryobi to pickup leaves and blow the driveway and curb clean . It 's the only one of its kind , that will go from blow to vacuum , by merely throwing a switch on the side of the unit . After mulching the leaves the bag holds just about as much as a person wants to carry to the trash pile . We have -LRB- 35 -RRB- Bradford pear trees in our small yard -LRB- 110x120ft -RRB- . I use a Wheelhorse tractor to pull a lawn sweeper around and pickup all the leaves possible . I then use the Ryobi , to pickup a few leaves around each tree that the sweeper missed . The shrubs around the entire house have leaves and the Ryobi is used to vacuum these leaves up too . Then the driveway and curb leaves are blown into piles and the Ryobi vacuums them up . Sure this is the busy season , and most of the work for gathering up all the leaves is right now . But ... now it 's done , as all the leaves have all fallen to the ground , and the yard looks like a carpet without a single leaf present.There are -LRB- 4 -RRB- phillips head screws/bolts that hold the air/leaf tunnels to the power unit . If there is a pluggage , due to wet leaves , the tunnel and inlet to the blade can plug . It rained 3/4 inch yesterday , and the leaves were not as dry , as they should have been . Tomorrow , I am going to replace these bolts/screws with ones with a knob or wheel , so I can merely turn the knob , to release the tunnels . Phillips screws have a tendency to round out after one use . The last time , I used the Ryobi , I had no pluggage as the leaves were completely dry . I am happy with the design and buying a second one shows that overall this is the only way to go.Amazon keep up the good work !!! More orders -LRB- 5 -RRB- are on their way . Happy New Year . By the way , the mailman , just delivered your new catalog today .
 Got my Ryobi just in time to collect my Mulberry tree buds . They are the worst , you sweep them and they break up into tiny pieces of pollen that go up your nose ! With the Mulchi , I can blow them into a pile and suck them up quickly -LRB- I panicked about the impeller churning up little rocks and sticks , but it seemed to handle it okay -RRB- . Emptying the bag is a bit of a trick so that you do n't inhale too much of your collections but no where near the hassle with a broom and a dustpan . I have an entire summer to wait until leaves become an issue . But as for clean up , I can get my patio cleaned up in no time -LRB- this thing blows incredibly strong -RRB- ... more time for some other chore that needs attending . I chose this machine over others based on the input from other Amazon.com comments which I sincerely appreciated . Happy blowing !
 noticed some negative reviews and aside from the clip for the strap breaking -LRB- actually it bent , so I bent it back -RRB- I have had no problems with this item after about 3 months of use.not sure what it 's doing to my power bills , but this is way more fun than raking up leaves and lawn trimmings , and the mulching feature leaves more room in our green recycling bin . If you have a small lawn , this product effectively allows you to vacuum it after mowing -LRB- which I know sounds crazy , and it is , a bit , but boy , the lawn looks great ! -RRB- have n't tried it as a blower yet , so ca n't give it 5 stars , and although it is quiet , I would n't get all fired up to use it before 9 AM .
 This product is great . Do not know how I would get along without it in yard or garage . Switching from blow to vacuum in a second without changing nozzles is the prime highlight . Be careful to watch what is picked up as the impeller can be damaged . This requires repair that one can perform if parts are obtained from the company . Ryobi parts can easily be ordered direct from company.Love this tool . . I own two !!!!!
 UPDATE ... Over eight years in use and still going strong . EXCELLENT product ... too bad they do n't make it any longer ... Occasionally a company will design and construct a product that reflects consumers needs and this tool does just that . It is simple to assemble and easy to use . Best of all , it performs exactly as advertised.When using the blower , the lower speed -LRB- of the two-speed motor -RRB- allows you to direct dirt and dust in such a way that it is n't simply blowing every which way . The higher speed provides enough force to move heavier material , such as a small pile of leaves.The tool vacuums leaves effortlessly . The leaves are mulched and deposited in the bag . The bag is easy to remove and re-attach to the tool . The bag has a large nylon zipper allowing you to quickly dispose of the debris.The tool will vacuum up whatever you put in front of it , and on occasion , I have had to stop and remove small branches from inside the unit.I live in an semi-urban area and the use of gas blowers is limited due to the noise emitted . Luckily , this electric unit is not excessively loud and neighbors have commented they appreciate the -LRB- lack of -RRB- noise.I have used this tool for several years and feel it is well constructed . No problems at all to date . In fact , two neighbors have purchased this tool since seeing the results.A shoulder strap is advertised as an accessory but do n't order it since the unit comes with one.This tool has cut hours out of my yard maintenance time.Update
 this machine is very easy to use and cleans up leaves quickly . after two years of occasional use , the zipper broke on the dust bag . i think the bag zipper should have lasted more than two years .
 I have had one for three years and ordered another . The bag gave out on my old one and the motor is a little noisy and has some vibration . Considering I regularly suck up rocks , I think it has given me good service . I will continue to use this model as long as they make it due to the ease of changing from blower to vacuum and it 's reliability .
 After > 5 years of use of this product here are my results . - Great convenience between blower / vac - blow area to a pile then vac / mulch or trash can ... - Yes big rocks or hard objects will break an impeller blade - I broke the opposite blade off -LRB- for balance -RRB- and now I have a turbo model . . spins faster / louder ~ slightly better performance . - Once a year or so I file off the end of the blower nozzle to remove the turned plastic edge that accumulates after repeatedly scrapeing concrete - I rarely let the bag fill all the way up and have never broken a seam or zipper ; however , the plastic bag clip finally got brittle and broke . Safety wired since I use the zipper exclusively . - Finally , I wrap the cord 2X around the handle before plugging in ... I occasionally loose a connection if I 'm pulling the cord with the machine vs. by hand . - Overall a great and durable investment - works as advertised and works for me ...
 I really like the performance of this combo blower/vacuum , and use it in bothmodes . It has lasted for about 3 years now , but it 's finally time to replacethe mulch bag . The zipper failed first at the closed end -LRB- teeth broke off -RRB- , but that was temporarily fixed with a large safety pin . But now the other endbroke , and the zipper has also been blown apart . It seems that the zipperfails mostly because the teeth are plastic , but choosing metal teeth might justtransfer the failure to the cloth.I 'd also like to mention that the impeller assembly seems to hold up well tooccasional attempts to chop small rocks and small branches when in vacuummode !
 I REALLY like the machine . The ability to quickly and effortlessly switch back and forth between blower and vacuum is a GREAT , GREAT convenience . HOWEVER , the zipper on the vacuum bag is absolutely inadequate . In spite of being very careful with it , after only one year of very light use , the zipper teeth actually pulled away from the fabric - making the vacuum unusable .
 If you want your kid or youself to look a little more biker or more bad-ass this is the bandana for you . Really easy to put on ; just like a hat , the only thing different is that you may want to tie it in the back , if not , it works fine as well . One size fits all . It 's really good also if you are playing paintball with a sky blue camo .
 I am using the shoulder strap w / the Ryobi 132R Electric Grass TrimmerPlus with SpeedSpool . The strap is comfortable though quite useless if your yard is as small as mine . I can see how it would be usefull to someone with a larger yard and prolonged use of a trimmer .
 This weed blade cuts real well up to 1/4 inch.I would approve this cutter for anyone that has grown up weeds and brush .
 Much more convenient for tough jobs than the string option . I bought 2 looking FAR into the future.Great help for work in an overgrown back yard .
 Ca n't say enough good things about this device . I have massive perennial gardens that must be cut down to almost ground level every fall before the snow flies . This saved my back and had the work done in a fraction of the time I 'd normally spend cutting by hand . What used to take almost a week to do by hand in past years , is now done in a couple of hours . Saved my back and knees . Just cut , rake it up and throw the garden refuse into the garden recycle bags . Simple . Should have had this 20 years ago .
 This little cultivator is an absolute MUST HAVE for your lawn and garden.We purchased a Ryobi Cultivator -LRB- second hand -RRB- twenty years ago ! This little work - horse performed effortlessly year after year , and only required ONE minor repair . Unfortunately , time took its toll , and the primer ball cracked from age . We think enough of it to have it rebuilt and have bought another one to use in the meantime.This cultivator can stand up to lots of abuse . I would call it more of a small tiller than a cultivator . We used it to till the foundation of our house , dig a basement -LRB- pure clay -RRB- , level the driveway , and then do the garden and borders . Never a broken tine and always started easily.The Ryobi Cultivator is one of the few things you can buy today and have dependability for years to come . You wo n't be sorry .
 We read the reviews on this tiller and decided to buy it to help us get our vegetable garden -LRB- 15 ' x 45 ' -RRB- ready for planting ... Generally the comments were very positive , but we -LRB- my husband more than I and he 's even more critical about power `` toys '' than I am -RRB- were pleasantly surprised how easy it was to get running and what a wonderful little powerhouse this unit is.Really the only negative feedback I have was related to the manual as it seems to have been written for a couple of different models - I think I read that elsewhere , but if that 's our biggest problem we are okay with that.Finally , with the free shipping available I was sorta ' expecting for it to take a while to get here . Again , things worked out better than I expected and the tiller made it to our house within 6 days of our placing the order . It was very annoying to have to wait another 7 days for the weather to clear and for the garden to dry out enough to try it out . ; - D
 I have no complaint about the 510r but the photo dose n't match what you get . According to Ryobi this is an older model .
 I have a small concrete company and do alot of homeowner backyard patios and walkways.i usually hand dig and pick the yards , with the ryobi cultivator i can remove the high spots of dirt , trench for power and water and gas , clean the whole yard up at completion of job in no time or effort at all.I dont even carry a pick on my truck anymore , the cultivator has taken its place , small enough to be used anywhere.the cultivator being a little light i even strap a small weight to the frame and watch it dig then , i dont go to any job without it anymore.thank you
 I 'm a landscaper and , having read another review from a tree-planting landscaper , ordered the 4-cycle model . I had seen the 2-cycle in a local store -LRB- for only $ 10 less ! -RRB- and noted that the quality of the Ryobi was much better than the mini Troybilt . I did have trouble starting it on the first day , but have gotten used to checking for air pockets in the fuel tubes . So far , I 've used it in heavy clay soils to rough in walkways , in semi-compacted garden soils , and in very dry , rocky , tilled soil . It takes a rock larger than 3 '' to stop the tines . I have n't tried the tree-planting trick yet , but I have four trees waiting for me to plant them and will report my success/failure then .
 I do n't expect it to compare with the big guys , and for a hundred bucks less than the Mantis -LRB- neighbor has one -RRB- the Ryobi 4 cycle is the one for me . The first thing I did was to till a grassy area , , , , the grass got tangled in the tines , , , , to my surprise , , the tines come off very easily.The unit starts easy , is light , not a powerhouse , , but hey it 's only $ 200 .
 I was to have free shipping but was charged shipping , still trying to find out how to talk to .
 The 4 cycle engine is a great feature of this tiller . It is easy to start and runs well . The tines are stronger than other small tillers and perform well for things like weeding and easy cultivation . The only feature I do n't like is the way the handles are made to fold in half supposedly to save storage room . Other than that , I consider this a good product .
 I ordered this on 3/26 and it arrived 4/4 . Very good with the free shipping ! Asssembly took only 20 minutes and the instructions were specific , although written for several different models . I ran the engine with no load for a few minutes , rev ` ing up and down , then got to work . The tiller was easy to run in compacted garden soil and chopped up the spring weeds with no problem . I tilled an area about 25 ` x10 ' in 30 minutes and the area is now ready to rake and seed . Two passes are required to get to the max depth but the machine is so light that the second pass pulling backwards is not difficult but do watch for obstacles behind you . The only minus is the wheel assembly wingnuts -LRB- off to the hdwe store to get several sets -RRB- as they loosened with the vibration . Wear ear protection !!!
 This little tiller is an excellent product . It is everything advertised and more . The only `` assembly '' required was to unfold the handles and tighten the thumb knobs that were already in place . Excellent instructions . In less than 15 minutes I was putting the little digger to the test which it passed with flying colors . I put it into a raised bed garden that had not been tilled in nearly four years . I let it crawl ahead then drew it backward and in one pass it completely mulched the weeds and matted grass that had accumulated . I am still in awe . It is amazingly quiet . I hope it stays that way . Someone else said it could use more weight . I think more weight would negate the great handling and flexibility of this little tiller . I wish my garden was bigger because this thing is fun to use .
 Noisy little thing . It 's not for major cultivating , but for a home garden or yard project , it 's perfect . It uses almost no gas and runs clean . It 's light and small . It has some trouble with medium size stones - they sometimes jam the tines . More power would be nice too , but for the price it 's fine . Don your hearing protection . Cute little engine . I thought it was fun .
 This tiller is exactly what I wanted to work my tomato garden at home . It is smaller and lighter than the monster I rented the last two years . It should pay for itself in a couple of years .
 I was highly skeptical of how useful a small tiller like this would be . I figured at best it would be handy for tilling small garden plots with soft soil and at worst it would get sent back for a refund . I ended up being very pleasantly surprised by the utility of this small tiller.Assembly was a cinch and my first test tilling went so well I decided to try my luck on some hard clay in my lawn that I had intended to rent a full-size tiller to tackle . The 410R bit right in and cut down 2-3 inches without much problem . I ended up using the mini-tiller for my whole lawn restoration with excellent results . And it is small and convenient enough to fire up for very small jobs , like 2 ' x 2 ' patches of lawn that need to be replanted . Much easier than a shovel and rake for small areas.However , make no mistake - despite its diminutive size , this tiller is quite a handful to use . Getting it to bite into clay requires a good deal of `` body english '' - sideways and backward dragging leading the operator to feel like they 've been wrestling a small motorcycle for a few hours . Ear protection is non-optional - this thing is loud!The only major gripe I have is I wish the unit were heavier . It tends to `` jump '' off rocks and roots and need to be corralled by the operator . I believe it would be easier to use and control with additonal weight .
 Started easy , plowed through sandy soil easily . Would like to see a little more weight so it does n't bounce as much . Would n't recommend for heavy soil or clay . Overall a good value .
 When I was reviewing this tiller before purchase , the reviews seemed to have conflicting information . However , there was enough positives , along with free shipping that I went ahead and ordered one . So far it 's been a great little tiller . It starts and runs great and does what it 's supposed to do . Contrary to some reviewer 's opinions , I find that it 's quiet - in fact my neighbor 's first comment was `` Gee . . that 's really quiet '' . OSHA might disagree , but I do n't feel that hearing protection is necessary . As someone pointed out , the current picture featured above is different than the actual unit - it is . The actual unit has a longer shaft between the engine and the tines - similar to the Ryobi 410 / 2-cycle unit . Speaking of that - it 's great not to have to mix the oil & gas!The tines will stop when you encounter the right size rock and it jams between the tine and the hood . This is pretty typical of any tiller that I 've used.It is small and will not till a large area very fast , but it does a nice job and sure beats shoveling !
 This is a nice little tiller . Very good for clearing small gardens . It seems powerful enough , durable , and I have n't had any trouble starting it . It did a fine -LRB- but slow -RRB- job of tearing up the old sod so that I could plant a wildflower garden.Only two issues that I can think of . The first is that the cotter pins on the tiller blades are on the inside , between the two wheels . Other mini-tillers that I 've seen have their cotter pins on the outside . This would make it much easier to remove the blades to clear out rocks and/or weeds -- something that you have to do fairly often . If the cotter pins were more easily accessible , I 'd give this tiller a `` 5 '' . The other thing is that there do n't seem to be any other accessories available for this tiller -- e.g. aerators or dethatchers .
 Wow , this is one great spring . I ca n't imagine there is another spring on the market that will work as well as this one does on this particular tool .
 This replacement cart . works just like the original one . No complaints , I will order them again when I run out !
 Ants drove me nuts , for years . I 'd leave the tiniest morsel of food on the counter and return to find hordes of ants . Then I 'd clean , clean , clean and the ants would go away , only to soon reappear . Now when I see ants , I drop one or two of these baits along the ants ' walkway . They swarm these baits and 24 - 48 hours later , the ants are GONE . G O N E gone ! From personal experience , I HIGHLY recommend this product . I 've bought other bait-type products and ants have usually ignored them but with these - they 're CLEAR - you can see the ants cluster inside , eating . I 'm not sure these work for all types of ants , but they work for all the ants that visit my Orange County , California , house .
 I do n't know what it is about the ants that periodically infest my apartment , but they only seem to be killed by products -LRB- like this -RRB- which contain Abamectin.Abamectin ant poison used to be readily available in area hardware stores , but now I ca n't find it anywhere . I tried ant baits/poisons made from several other ingredients but the ants just kept coming and eating them dry for weeks at a time.I finally ordered a can of these , and the ants were gone within a week . I highly recommend this product , especially if other chemicals are n't solving your ant problem .
 I 've tried other ant baits , which have barely worked at all . This product is different . It contains abamectin , which is a highly effective ingredient to eradicate many types of household ants.I put out four baits on Sunday afternoon , and as of now -LRB- 2am Thursday -RRB- , I have seen only one very sluggish straggler . I suspect I wo n't be seeing it or any of its ' ilk anymore . There was an 80-90 % reduction in number of ants within one day , and a few days later , they are 98-99 % gone . My kitchen infestation is gone . The ants immediately smell/sense the bait , swarm to eat it , take it back to the nest , and promptly feed it to the other ants , where they all croak . It is easy to see how much the ants have eaten , as the baits have clear tops . The baits do n't need to be reloaded or inspected beyond that . The instructions mention replacing the baits every three or four months , or after the baits are close to empty , but only if the ants start to come back . Otherwise , you can just toss them after a few months and start with new baits next year , if your situation is like mine , in which ants enter our kitchen once in the spring . Only complaint is that they took a little longer to arrive because they are not eligible for Amazon Prime . Also , the packaging has changed since last year , so it was a little harder to find on the site . However , because they are so effective , it is worth dealing with these hassles . I will continue using these baits as long as they are available . I 'm a customer for life .
 had problmes with ants they were getting into our dog food containerplace one of ant max baits and you could watch the ants taking the bait back to thier nestwithin a week there were less and less ants as well of the bait . ants are gone and have no problemsAnt Max is great getting rid of the ant colony and , still keep it around incase a new colonyshould takes it 's place which it has after a month or so . . before you know it those ants are gone againso I have n't had any problems . I purchased a few packs just incase . give it a try highly recomend it . .
 Well it 's that time of year - ants making their way in to scavenge . It 's one of the few things that makes me thankful for the winter . We had tried several ant traps as well as poison , but nothing worked and we also have a dog so we did n't want to lay down poison that would be easily accessed . We bought Enforcer because it had all these great reviews - I 'm not one to immediately trust a ton of positive reviews but for ten bucks I figured it could n't hurt!For the first day and a half , I thought it had n't worked at all . The poison looked untouched and I could still see several ants every few minutes . Then yesterday , I forgot about it . It was only this morning that I realized why I had completely forgotten about it - THERE WE NO ANTS TO BE SEEN!It has now been 12 hours and I have n't seen a single ant - as long as it stays like this I will be buying this product again as needed - definitely recommended !
 I 'll never waste money on any other ant products again . These baits work quickly , provide amazing results , and the price is right . I had been seeing occasional tiny brown ants on the floor of my downstairs bathroom ; I guess they 're attracted to water . I bought a package of regular ant baits at the grocery store which did absolutely nothing . In fact , I was now seeing the a few of these little pests on my bathroom floor on a daily basis and knew I had to do something before they got totally out of control ! I did some research and bought these bates based on the rave reviews , even though I was a bit skeptical . Turns out they are absolutely amazing and I can not recommend them highly enough . But be prepared - the number of ants that will come out of the woodwork after placing the baits will disturb you ! I put one bait in the corner of my bathroom next to the tub , there is a crevice there that I 'd suspected was their hiding place . Within an hour a few ants had discovered the bait ; at first they were n't sure how to get inside , but once they figured it out , whoa baby ! They went into the crevice and invited all their friends for lunch . I had absolutely no idea how many ants were living in that wall , but within 2 or 3 hours there were some 50 ants in and around the bait ! Because the top is clear plastic you can actually watch them eating and coming in and out of there , which for me was disturbing but entertaining at the same time . Within 24 hours the ants were 90 % gone . I 'd see a stray one here and there around the bait , but they were half dead . This went on for another day or two , and then they were totally gone ! All this with one bait and I have n't seen another ant since - but it 's good to know that I have 3 more baits left , just in case . Do n't hesitate to buy this product !
 These are the only ant traps that work for me , and I 've tried them all . These are clear plastic and discreet enough to place anywhere . The ants take the bait back to their nest , and after a few days , they 're gone . Unfortunately I ca n't buy them where I live so I order from ProMax . I highly recommend this company because they generously resolved a shipping issue and have great customer service .
 This is the only ant bait trap that really works . All of the other 's I have tried are useless . These work , and work quickly .
 The usual spring ants searching for water ... this fine product seemed to wipe them out in a day!My bathroom window ... looked like an ant farm after placing the 1st bait ... so I added a 2nd bait ... no ants whatsoever within 24 hours . And it 's been a week and still no activity.EXCELLENT PRODUCT worth every penny . Thank you !
 Noticed large black ants in the kitchen . Wanted to get rid of them but without powders , etc. . These are doing the job great . Glad I found them .
 I set up the baits where the ants had formed a `` highway '' and at first nothing happened , but after 1 hour suddenly the traps were full of ants . They work fabulously ! It seems the attraction for the ants is sooo big they ca n't resist . After one day we got rid of one of the main areas , you can see some dead ants nearby , but still keep the baits around until the expiration date just to make sure.Great product !
 This product worked just as described . The ants are all gone after 3 days ! It was actually kind of interesting watching them all come for the bait and take it to the colony . WE watched the colony die off and we have n't seen one ant since ! This is amazing we 've been doing everything from keeping counters clean to spraying RAID ant killer and these finally did the trick . Its been two weeks and I think the ants are gone for good . If they come back we still have three baits from the package so they wo n't be around long !
 I tried something else from another company that was said to `` really work '' on Amazon.com -LRB- clear , sticky liquid -RRB- but the ants seemed to say , `` thanks for the meal ! '' and continued coming in little ant packs . Then I put three of these Enforcer baits out . Within FIVE MINUTES I had three separate swarms fighting to take the bait back to the nest . I was amazed and a little insane with their numbers - but within a day I saw less than ten ants , and within three days they were all gone . To make sure I also sprayed the garage and outside ant mounds with an outside ant insecticide , but I attribute winning my little ant war to the AntMax bait stations.If you 've got a major ant problem , use this stuff .
 I used to purchase this ant bait at Home Depot , but they no longer carry this product . I was very happy to see that I could order this product from you . I will continue to purchase this product from you .
 I use this in our home because it is the safest trap to have around with our cat and small dogs.We know when it is empty to throw away and it is solid enough so the pets can not get to the bait.Unable to find this at our supply stores on Kauai so Amazon it is !
 I purchased these to get rid of tiny brown ants -LRB- sorry , do n't know the scientific names for them -RRB- which all of the sudden appeared in our house . At first we tried some raw boric acid powder , plus some other bait purchased from HomeDepot , which had little -LRB- if any -RRB- effect on them . Then I tried this AntMax bait . The ants swarmed all the bait stations in the first hour of placing them . After a couple of days almost all of the ants disappeared , with a few stray ants here and there . After a couple more days there was not a single ant in sight ! It 's been about a month since I 've placed those baits and so far none of the ants have returned , and if they will , I now know which bait actually works against them . I dunno why some people complained about receiving less than 6 baits inside the package - when I was purchasing it , the description clearly said that there are 4 baits in the package ... which , b.t.w , was more than enough to completely get rid of the infestation in our house . B.t.w , I dunno if it makes any difference but I purchased this product directly from Amazon , not from any 3rd-party resellers .
 Ants love this stuff to death ! They eat , go back to the nest to tell their friends , more ants come , and then ... they all mysteriously disappear ! Locally , it 's incredibly hard to find , so I was really happy to find it on Amazon . All the other traps I 've tried are a complete waste of time and money -- buy this brand , it 's the best !
 This product is a winner in my book . I own a lake front lot that I am clearing for the first time . The Brushcutter Kit and some other tools have made the job of clearing this 200ft by 20 ft lake front part of my lot much easier . I am in Florida and the natural vines that grow here are just too much for the average string trimmer . The Brushcutter cuts them with little effort.I am allso using the Trimmer Plus tree trimmer on this clearing job , and man oh man what a tool ! I have been able to trim off all of the low branches of the overgrown trees on my lot , and even fall some small trees . The disigner of these attachments has my compliments , and thanks , for making tools that have made my work easier.Don Hunter Spring Hill Florida .
 The price was fair , the part was correct and the quality of the product was fine.The shipping charge was very high , I had to pay $ 19.95 when USPS would have cost $ 3.50 for priority mail which I would have had in two days . The advertised delivery date was too broad , there is no way a small part like this should be listed as a 21 day delivery . The tracking number provided for the shipment was bogus , they gave me number with all digits and a link to the UPS site which was no help to me ; it came via FedEx ground .
 ryobi makes one of the best trimmes around today i 've got one of the older trimmers when they first came out and it is still performing just fine . i love it . all you do is hit the primer 3 times and pull the cord and the attchments are great to i just love it so easy to take with you all my friends are always wanting to barrow it all the time . and there tools are great to.hope to here more great stories of ryobi fans
 Great handle and the picture on Amazon does not due it justice . It is actually a nice bright safety yellow . Comes with a resin kit to permanently and securely attach it . No more wiggling head or flying head as I have had happen with old wood handles . If you leave your wooden handle axes outside do n't wait to change out the handle , it is amazing how far an axe head can fly or the damage it will do if it comes off of a rotten wood handle .
 After the failure of two wooden handles . I bought this fiberglas one . It is easy to install . Remove the wooden handle and trim the handle to fit the axe eye . and then a piece of duct tape over the axe eye . Then take a board and put in two nails part way into the board and wedge the axe between them to keep it vertical . Then use a thin piece of wood to level the axe . Then mix the epoxy per instructions and pour into axe eye . Then insert the axe handle and tap down until the gasket seats . Make sure the handle is aligned with the axe . Then place in a hot area for 7 days . Then remove from the board and remove the tape . Use a dremel grinder or hand drill with grinder to clean up axe for a professional look . Then you can chop away all day . It is a very strong handle , but slightly shorter and thinner then the wooden handle , but you get accustom to it quickly . I have this handle in my single bit chopping axe . I have another handle from this company in my double bit felling axe .
 Item was just as I expected manufactured pretty well with nice coloring . It was n't used in my car which would put more stress on it , it was/is hanging in my classroom , so if you are looking for something that is not too expensive to display some pride or to use for a decoration like I did , this product is for you
 Before we got our shed ! ~ This worked great as a cover in the summer not enough for snow and winter but great for spring , summer and fall ! ~ Heavy duty just what we needed ! `
 This cover is an excellent fit and of quality material.I would definetly buy this or other products from this supplier.Thank you so much .
 Just covered my lawn mower with it today and it looks very good . It covered my 42 '' John Deere lawn mower nicely . It seems pretty heavy so it should last a long time
 Ordered this tractor cover so I could leave the mower outside through the winter . Right now , we 're in the middle of a blizzard here in New England and the cover -LRB- being used on a Craftsman 46 '' riding mower -RRB- is performing just as promised . Good quality material , easy to fit and secure , and resistant to reasonably high -LRB- 30-40 mph -RRB- winds . A very good value for the money .
 Although it took a while to get here -LRB- however , well within the stated delivery time -RRB- it is a high quality cover . Good solide construction , heavy duty fabric with solid stitching . I 'm very satisfied with the cover . Oh yeah , it covers the tractor , but not any accessories , like a grass catcher . You 'd have to remove that .
 This cover fits my 2009 Craftsman GT5000 very well , it is the largest craftsman tractor , has a 54 '' deck and I have a plow bracket on the front , the cover still fits great . Overall , great value , it is water resistant , and stays secure , you can also secure two loops together underneath the tractor if you are worried about high wind . For the cost , this is a great way to go .
 This cover is made of high quality nylon . It 's easy to put on/off and covers my tractor completely .
 The lawn tractor cover is of excellent quality . It fits well with the bungee around the bottom . It was delivered earlier than stated . We are very pleased .
 Great product . I have not noticed anything I do n't like about this cover . I was going to purchase the actual Cub Cadet cover from Home Depot , but they were out of stock . I bought this one in place of it and I am glad I did .
 Good heavy duty cover looks well made . Fits nice and pretty much water resistant
 So far , this product has been great . It seems heavy duty enough to last for years . The cover is easy to put on and take off . I would recommend it to anyone needing a cover for their lawn tractor .
 I am very satisfied with this purchase . The cover is heavy duty and fits easily over my tractor which has a 42 '' cut . The bottom of the cover fits snug around the tractor and it has built in air slits to keep the wind from blowing the cover off the tractor . I recommend this product .
 I bought the cover for my mom , who is 91 , and worried about her new lawnmower getting dirty from exposure to the elements . Now that she has this cover and is very pleased with it , she 's stopped `` encouraging '' my brother to add on to the storage shed to house it . I noticed the material is rated for hurricanes . It 's a very good product .
 This cover is plenty big enough to cover a Simplicity 7100 series with grass thrower . That 's Big !
 Bought this for my John Deere LA120 tractor with 42 '' deck . It fits very well with some room to spare . Could easily fit a 52 '' deck . Quality material and easy to put on .
 I bought this for my Honda tractor ... measurements on the tractor are 6 ' long and 4 ' wide -LRB- with the blade deck -RRB- and the cover fits perfectly . I had to remove the grass catcher -LRB- which makes the tractor over 8 ' long -RRB- but it actually fit under the cover on top of the tractor seat , so everything will be protected for the winter . The cover material is quite thick and seems as though it will last a long time . No cheap tarp here !
 Very nice quality and goes on easily . Will see how it holds up through the years ahead . It looks like it could last at least that long !!
 The product was a good quality and shipped quickly . Also , it turned out to be a good fit for my lawn tractor .
 Exactly as described . Very sturdy , fits a 46 '' mower with no problems .
 This is the best lawn tractor cover that I have ever used . The built in storage bag is easy to use and practical . Sheds the rain and keeps the sun from eating up the seat and fading the paint .
 from this rugged heavy duty cover ... and looks to give another good three years of dependable service . The price has gone up almost $ 17 since I bought mine in December of 2006 ... but this is less than John Deere charges for their logo cover and less than Sears & Roebuck for a tractor cover . The John Deere weather cover is woefully thin and does n't appear nearly as durable . The cover bought from Amazon fits my GT Series John Deere like a glove ... and pulling it down taut to fully cover the deck and wheels seems to ensure the best protection from wind blown water entry . I would not hesitate to buy another of this item .
 This is the best tractor cover that I have seen . I have a 42 '' tractor and there is room for it in my shed , but now I do n't have to keep it in there now that I have this cover . I completely covers the entire machine and is easy to put on and take off - and I now have extra room in my shed !
 The Classic Accessories Deluxe Tractor Cover was exactly as advertised . It is a quality cover and fit my mower with no problems . And the sevice was excellent -- the cover arrived before the stated delivery date !
 I am totally satisfied with this cover . It fits tightly over my 42 '' tractor and does a good job of keeping rain and dirt off the unit .
 The last one I had was the less expensive version and it faded and ripped after being outside for a year . So far this one shows no signs of either and is a thicker material than the other one I had .
 tractor cover arrived as promised sturdy with great stitching in the seams I plan to cover my tractor with this during the snowy months seems well constructed enough to stand aa few seasons outdoors ...
 This is an excellent cover . It is very well made , and fits our John Deere garden tractor perfectly . The material is thick and should last many years . It has vents so moisture can escape , and two loops so it can be secured from the wind with a strap or bungee cord .
 I had run out of room in my shed where I 'd been storing my riding mower . I started looking for a cover by reading the reviews at Amazon -LRB- thank you all that take the time to write them -RRB- . This one had a great price . When I put it on my mower , I was pleased to see how good it fit . Plus it was big enough to slide under the tires . And the elastic at the bottom produced a sung fit .
 QUALITY construction , great fit , shipped super-fast . This far exceeded my expectations ! I 've yet to see how it weathers the winter but for now I 'm really satisfied .
 Previously I had a flimsier coverBudge TC-1 Tractor Cover -LRB- then sold by a different vendor -RRB- that barely lasted one season . When it finally fell apart I gave this cover a try and it has been spectacular . While it has unsurprisingly begun to fade a bit it is still sturdily doing its job . Also while I did not expect it to be completely waterproof , so far it has eliminated the pool of water in the tractor seat that the previous cover let in even when new .
 Well made cover , although it 's not felt lined like some reviewers said . Fits my Craftsman 46 '' perfectly . Do n't buy the cheapies , this one is worth it .
 recently purchased a classic accessories tractor cover for my john deere GT 245 tractor . placed it on the tractor the same day I received it and it fit perfectly ! the true test of this item came when hurricane Sandy hit my area on the east coast . simply put , this cover absolutely provided the BEST protection during the 24 hours that Sandy with its rain and tremendous winds pummeled this area . This is a great item.it never came off , blew around , moved etc. what a wonderful product .
 I recently purchased a John Deere Series 100 lawn tractor and needed a cover for outside storage and protection from the elements . I received the cover in short order from Amazon and it fit like a glove on my tractor . It is very well made with quality fabric and stitching . My lawn tractor will be well protected from the elements this winter .
 I 've only had the cover for a couple of months but it seems to work just fine . Easy to put on and take off that 's important to me because I was paralyzed gy the west nile virus a year and a half ago . I live in Arizona so we are dealing with the mosoon rains and the mower is out side . It kept it dry . Only time will tell with our scorching heat . Have n't found any rattlers under it so im giving an early thumbs up . Have a great day !
 Purchased for my Ariens 46 inch tractor . Fits the entire tractor like a glove . The elastic cord at the bottom of the cover keeps the cover secured to the tractor during high wind conditions . Completely water proof keeping the tractor dry even during heavy rain . Very satisfied .
 This cover is GREAT ! It fits perfectly and is made very well . Infact it 's much better than the one I had purchased originaly for my mower and much less money . This is a great value and it arrived so fast !
 Excellant cover for this Lawn Tractor . I would give it a 5 star rating , but nothing man made is truly perfect .
 This is my third cover . The first one purchased was one of these and held up well , about 2-1/2 years until a racoon got into it and tore it up . The next one I bought at the Sears retail store -LRB- I have a Craftsman lawn tractor -RRB- with `` Craftsman '' logoed on the front . It was a pretty good cover but not nearly as good as the Classic Industries cover , as it only held up about 2 years , and tore on the top from degradation of the fabric from the sun . I live in Danville Ca and the sun really takes it 's toll on equipment left outside . The last lawn tractor 's paint was burnt on all the top surfaces and the rubber tires where all damaged from the sun , so when my wife bought me the new tractor I insisted it be covered at all times it was n't in use . The fabric is heavier on the Classic cover than my last cover , and others I have seen . I only wish that someone would make a tractor cover from the silver reflective tarp fabric that would hold up even better under the sun , I wonder why they 're not offered . The first Classic cover I bought -LRB- same color black -RRB- did turn to a gray from the sun , but it was still holding up well , not rotted through like the second cover . We 've had quite a bit of rain lately and the water beads right off of it now , but I ca n't say that will be the case in a year or two . Like I metioned earlier , it 's the sun damage that I 'm most concerned with and this cover is the best I 've found so far .
 I purchased this drop cover to replace one that was stolen while I was on vacation . I was concerned that this drop cover would be less than the one I had , but as it turned out , it is actually better in many ways . With the previous cover , for example , I would always find that the lawn tractor seat was wet and I would usually have to spend some time and effort to first wipe off the seat , etc. . This is not an issue with this cover . It is made very well and goes on easily and provides very good protection . It met and exceeded my expectations and I would highly recommend it .
 Bought this cover for a John Deere D170 with 54 ' deck . It covers the unit completely with the bunge cord snugly holding the cover under both edges of the deck and close to the ground at the wheels.Some have complained about this cover leaking rain on the seat . Not too many fabrics are actually 100 % waterproof . The manufacturer states that using cleaning chemicals on the cloth may remove the water-proofing characteristics of the material . Even if this is NOT the problem , how hard is it to simply tilt the seat forward before covering the tractor so that anything that made it through the material would not collect in the bucket of the seat ? If it really bothers you , simply ScotchGard the fabric . That way it will repel water better and help keep the bird droppings from staining the fabric.Bought this at a great price on Amazon and am looking to purchase a second one for my older Cub Cadet , whether it is 100 % waterproof or not.I would highly recommend this cover to anyone .
 So far this cover has been great , it keeps the snow and rain off my tractor . It fits my 54 '' tractor .
 Tried their light duty `` green '' model , and HATED it ! NOT waterproof , and fell apart after a year.Classic Accessories 73910 Lawn Tractor CoverThis `` black '' heavy duty/waterproof model is now on second year , and doing good.I 'd give it a 5 but - Elastic shock cord in bottom hem is not heavy enough , and cover blows off in a STRONG wind -LRB- I also use a long bungee cord across the top , when I remember -RRB- . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Update
 This mower cover is very well made and the design is excellent . I ordered it to use on a John Deere garden tractor . It fits great and is very easy to take on and off .
 Initially I was apprehensive about the other reviews since I needed a cover that could stand up to rain , snow and wind . The material used is heavy duty and extremely durable . I ordered two covers , one for a John Deere 318 and a Craftsman GT5000 . The Craftsman has a 48 inch deck and the cover was installed with no problems . It covered everything down to the ground -LRB- below the wheels -RRB- . Even on a larger tractor it completely covered everything . There are wind/slash vents to the right and left of the seat . The cover needs to be installed properly so that Wind/Water is n't carried through these vents on to the seat . Also the rear drawstring is able to be stretched to enlarge the width of the bottom of the cover . For me , this cover has already stood up to a dozen rain storms , snow and wind . I have n't had any problems with Water coming through the cover . 5 stars in my book . Well worth the money .
 The material is very durable , better than a standard grill cover . Covers my Craftsman quite nice , keeps it protected in the garage and looks nice .
 I purchased two of these , did final assembly and gluing , before noting that one had had the arched stretchers under the top improperly placed . Through Amazon , the seller offered replacement but I baulked at packaging and shipping it back , suggesting a rebate . They generously credited my account with the full purchase cost and allowed me to keep the defective piece . I dissembled the top with taps from a rubber mallet , discovering the top to be veneer over particle board , not solid oak , The rest may be solid wood but from the density I 'd say a &#34; light oak &#34; The finish could be called Cherry , Mahogany , or &#34; red &#34; oak . Emails with the customer rep were pleasant but the credit took two weeks and a nag to reach my Amazon Account.I have assembled , sealed , stained and varnished four similar stands , purchased through Amazon also . These Kittitas Stands are a bit more elegant , with fake tenons replacing fake doweling , and a gentle arch to the top two and bottom four stretchers -LRB- I did say a bit -RRB- . but one height only and one color finish . One top was malassembeld in China which I noted only after final assembly and gluing.The customer rep who I 've met on phone and email was very helpful , always polite , but the final refund -LRB- which I thought generous -RCB- took two weeks and a nag to reach my Amazon account . I was allowed to keep the defective stand , took a rubber mallet to the top , and discovered it was veneer over particle board , not solid oak.If the one size and color fits your need , and you value your time and effort , these are a best buy in plant or phone stands , Light enough to easily move , it 's a cocktail table , a snack display a wastebasket tidy .
 I unpacked it , then searched for instructions . I agree with others the one page sheet could use some working on , but it 's just common sense . If you have ever purchased products from a certain sweedish based store that usually need assembly , you can do this.I had it together faster then expected . The small exterior wood blocks are decorative , but conceal the bolts.It 's a solid stand . I needed one in my loft due to lack of free space for available shelving . The bottom shelf allows for use of what would otherwise be dead space on other stands similar.Very happy with it . It 's been less than a week , so time will tell .
 The table is nice , looks good , so far it 's sturdy . The instructions have hit the bottom as we all knew they would someday . I received a picture marked assembly instructions.Its the same picture that in Amazon . I just hope I got the little glue in pegs in the correct holes . I 'm waiting for the glue to dry to find out . I guess by todays standards this rates 4 stars because alls well that ends well .
 Back in the good old days , this was called a telephone table and stood in every hallway . Whatever you want to call it today , needs still exist for an attractive narrow table . This solidly built one does the job nicely . It looks more expensive than it actually is , and will enhance almost any home decor . I 'm using it in a tight spot next to a bed -- the tabletop can hold a clock and lamp with room underneath for a few magazines or a box of tissues . Its uses are endless , and at some future date , I would n't hesitate to put it elsewhere in the house because it is that versatile . If you 're the slightest bit handy , assembly takes about half an hour .
 I am very glad I purchased this product . Our living room is all mission oak and this product is a very good fit with the rest of the furnishings . One thing I struggled with when deciding to purchase is if this is really solid oak furniture or not . Some of the other reviews seemed to cast doubt on this aspect of description from the seller . The low price had me suspicious , but I purchased anyway . My observation is that the table top and bottom shelf are made from particle board with a very good veneer . The legs and all the side pieces are solid wood . In my experience , this is a very typical construction for furniture in this price range . None of this detracts whatsoever from the attractiveness of the assembled piece . In fact , you could never tell . It holds its own against all of the other mission oak in the room , and those pieces are of a much more expensive variety of furniture . This is good quality furniture at a surprisingly low price . We bought two to elevate our rear home theater speakers ! If you need something like this to compliment existing mission furnishings or if you just like the look of this piece , but want to keep some money in your wallet , I would say go for it .
 I am very pleased with this mission table . It took me a long time to decide what I wanted to go with my new mission style tv table . I made a perfect choice , it is build very nice , the color was a good match . The size was very important , I needed a very small table and this one worked out good . Very satisfied . It was also my first experience with buying from Amazon , I was very satisfied and would purchase from this site again .
 I ordered this for a piece of pottery . Did n't want to spend too much . This piece was inexpensive , solid wood and very easy to assemble -LRB- yes , assembly is required -RRB- . It took about thirty minutes . The quality is very good for the price . I have it in a room with all Stickley furniture , and it holds its own . It 's certainly not Stickley quality but it 's definitely not Stickley price . I would highly recommend this product for a nice plant stand or whatever stand .
 The two of us have assembled several pieces of furniture with connectors similar to this one , so assembly of this one was fine . Assembly might be a little tricky for only one person , but I would be OK doing it myself . The instructions were a few clear diagrams and a few clear sentences , but they are minimal and I can see how they could be confusing for people not familiar with such instructions.The assembled table is sturdy . The finish is good . For the price , I think this is a bargain . We 're glad we bought it.One part of one side of the bottom shelf is about 1/16 of an inch too big , so there is a corresponding gap between the shelf and the adjacent side . This does n't affect the sturdiness , nor is it visible unless someone crouches down on the floor . We have a wood plane , so we could have shaved the excess wood off , but it was n't worth the small effort it would have taken.The table was well packed -LRB- it looked like it was shipped in the same package used to ship it from China -RRB- . It was promptly shipped .
 rec 'd item very quickly . . everything was in the package . . putting it together was a bit of a challenge due to the barrel nuts . . you almost need a lit miners hat to pull this off but I was able to do it on my own in about 35 mins ... -LRB- hint . . while holding pieces in place ... place the barrel nut into the hole before placing the screw into IT 'S hole . . slide a screwdriver into the hole where the screw should go and slowly rotate the barrel nut -LRB- with another screwdriver -RRB- till the screwdriver slides or falls into the barrel nut . . at that point you will be able to remove the screwdriver from the screw hole and just slide the screw rite in and tighten it . . that makes it much easier and saves you the frustration of trying to get the screw out 'cause it did n't line up properly -RRB- . All in all a decent piece for the price . . beware of placement if you have kids running around or cats that tend to jump up and explore . . if there is anything of decent weight on this and a cat tries to jump up the entire thing IS going to go over . .
 I had a product in my mind that I was n't even sure existed -- a tall , slender table for the landing of my split level ranch-style home . Started my search online , ended up at Amazon -LRB- of course -RRB- and saw a picture of what I 'd imagined at a price I liked . Pushed Add to Cart impulsively and sent in my order . Within about ten days my package arrived . Now my little table sits in my perfect , decorated entryway . It is good quality and exactly what I wanted ! If you are trying to decorate that awkward space in a split entry home , try this table with , say , a ceramic pot on it . Above it I arranged a black and white photo gallery of my family . It is such an improvement I ca n't believe I did n't think of it sooner !
 Nice little piece of accent furniture . Perfect for a lamp and a cup of coffee by the rocker . It was easy to put together and looks goodd .
 ** Update on Phils/Monte review ** If you are having trouble finding a replacement battery for the Ryobi electric trimmer like I was , you can order one for $ 12.50 + shipping from Rage Battery in San Diego ** NEW # ** -LRB- 800-724-3045 -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- . Ask for the PS-1270 -LRB- F2 -RRB- , Power-Sonic 12 Volt 7.0 Amp Hour , terminals F2 . It 's the same size as the battery that comes with the Ryobi.Roybi put a spacer/retainer bar around terminals that makes you think the battery is `` special '' , but any 12-V 7.0 amp , -LRB- or 7.2 amp -RRB- will fit & work perfectly !
 Your listing shows only the battery with complete recharging kit . All I need is a battery . I have been unable to locate it anywhere . Your page is the closest I have been able to get , but you do n't offer the battery by itself .
 I had searched all the usual stores that sell this product and found the prices higher than I was willing to pay . On a chance , logged on to Amazon , found exactly what I was looking for and for about $ 40 less , with free shipping ! Was advised product would not arrive for up to 8 days ; it arrived within three , and in near-mint condition . Quite satisfied .
 Great for the price ! If used in the sun , evetually you will have to replace your umbrella so for the price this is a good deal ... really worth the savings of not spending $ 200-300 .00 on a market umbrella . Works fine .
 I did my homework searching for an umbrella for our lanai by shopping in area stores . No suitable umbrellas were less than $ 100.00 . On Ebay they were less expensive , but shipping costs were exhorbitantly high . This umbrella is perfect , and shipping was FREE on Amazon !!!
 My wife and mother-in-law purchased this for our new patio furniture . It looks great and seems sturdy enough . We 've had it for about a month , so have n't put it though any yearly tests , but I 'm happy with the purchase . You can tell its probably not American made . The wood could be better quality , but for under $ 50 its not a bad deal really . The umbrella itself is very big , which is nice and the material its made out of seems very thick , and not cheap .
 If you have a larger patio table , this won ; t be for you . My table is just about full with six chairs , and the umbrella is a perfect match . The wood has a few cracks and I am worried that they may propagate over winter . That cost a star in my review .
 I bought two of these umbrellas and I think they are quite nice , especially considering the relatively low price . I 'd recommend them without hesitation .
 The brilliant served it purpose !! Birthday bash nice !! Well worth the price -- make the sunny days to shady days !!! LOVE it !!!
 Arrived within specified time and was not damaged . Was also fully functional and fit into the patio table which I had purchased from a different source . This was an import and although I promote `` buy America '' the comparable US umbrella was over $ 100 more , including the shipping charges on the import . Unfortunately , in this economy I am forced to to shop by price and not by source !
 I bought the 4cycle Ryobi sight unseen which is not a good thing to do usually . My love for the environment causes alot of sacrifice on my part which I am willing to do . -LRB- 4cycle being a step up from 2 cycle in the pollution rating -RRB- The machine itself is very powerful with no torque let off when attached to a roto tiller . The `` consumer '' model I bought comes with a different carborator . This is probably what makes it run kinda rough , almost not peeking . But I can live with it . The carb has no adjustments . Pretty cheap considering how easily carborators can be made . The most dissappointing thing was paying 20 extra dollars for the model with the brushcutter . That was a real rip . You still have to take the end all apart to switch back and forth with the string attachment . All you get for 20 bucks is a typical `` tri '' blade and an insignifigant plastic shield . What should be included is an extentsion shaft that disconnects like an attachment -LRB- that it is -RRB- This is typical in the industry but Ryobi should be trying harder . If you can afford it buy the pro model with the good carborator and opt for a seperate attachment between the bush blade and string cutter .
 I am really a 4 cycle engine fan and this trimmer works great , you do n't have to rev the hell out of it to stay in the power band like you do with a 2 cycle trimmer . I also have the edger attachment , it works great with the high torque 4 cycle engine . Low noise level and the attachments make it very versatile tool . In short , a very nice machine .
 I love the new Ryobi 4-cycle trimmer . I always hated mixing the oil and gas . What a mess that was . Now I can use the same gas I use in my car for my trimmer . Believe me , it 's a much better engine . Plus the Ryobi has tons of different attachments . My favorite is the hedge trimmer.I reccomend this product to anyone frustrated with 2-cycle engines and the pain of maintaining them . 4-cycle is the way to go .
 What a great product ! It is versatile , especially with the optional attachments -LRB- I have the hedge trimmer and the cultivator -RRB- . I am especially pleased with the power of the engine , even though it is remarkably quiet compared to two cycle engines . It may cost slightly more but it seems to be worth it .
 I like this tool for the 4-Cycle torque it has . It turns the cutivator attachment with little effort even at part throttle . The only thing that I did not like was the design of the blade , however I had an old Homlite saw type brushcutter blade that worked like a charm with no modifications . This is a good tool for a homowner due to its good design , versatility and great value .
 I have owned my 890r for about 5 years . I have the straight shaft , with brush cutter blade , the bent shaft with string trimmer , and the edger attachment . I have never had any difficulty starting this tool , getting it to idle , or any other thing . I have done a few things , which I suspect that some other user 's have not
 Advantage Ryobi ! The 4-cycle engine is a real winner in my book . Make no mistake ; this engine makes power ... lots of low-end torque . You do n't have to rev the heck out of it like a 2-stroke . The 890R , properly used , is a very neat tool -LRB- already a combo brushcutter/trimmer -RRB- . The included strap makes the slight additional weight of the 4-cycle easy to balance and mine starts and runs easily . The manual is VERY well written and helpful . This is a serious tool for the serious homeowner who wants to get things done -- a lot of things -- and Ryobi 's Click-Link system is a home run in that regard . My 890R has already morphed into a tree pruner and edger . Hats off to Ryobi for showing some innovation to an otherwise mundane yard tool .
 Ater returnig a snapper string cutter , I found the 890r , this string cutter starts in 3 or 4 pulls , and one essy pull afer warm up.Its quite , no gas & oil mixing , done all that its designed to do . I like it ! Tom
 I purchased the 720R 2 cycle trimmer 8 years ago and have collected many of the addon tools -- blower , edger , vacuum , tiller , & hedge trimmer . I just replaced the power unit with the 890r . I really like the low emission rating and quiet operation of this unit . The great thing about it is that I did n't have to buy any of the attachments-the new unit uses the old attachments and they work as good as new . I have added the hedge trimmer to my collection and it works good also .
 Recently I purchased the 825r , the edger attach , and blower attach . First used edger on moderate job -LRB- surface never edged before -RRB- at 1.5 yr old property . Attempted to use the edger with low throttle , not good , cranked it up to full throttle -LRB- manufacture recommended -RRB- and had excellent power and edger results . Engine is smooth , quite , and plenty of torque -LRB- compared to 2cycle honda and homelite -RRB- .825 r comes with curved trimmer with very easy winding instructions . Spool winding does not require fumbling around with cord and inner spool disassembled . Simply unscrew the bump knob , insert string through feed holes , replace bump knob , and turn spool counter-clockwise until string is wound with 5 inches excess for initial usage -LRB- ingenious -RRB- . In addition to the 825r purchase I have since found an 890r laying on the curb waiting on the trash-man . I was immediately interested and retrieved the unit to gain the straight shaft -LRB- oem on the 890r -RRB- to use with my new 825r . The straight shaft was a decent find ; however , finding the unit still in running condition was even better . I adopted the 890r with caked on soil and a few loose screws , cleaned it , and inspected it to find the unit has many hours on it . The foam grip on the loop handle is the only part missing . The engine runs smoothly , has great throttle response and the plastic surrounding the engine has survived un-broken . The clutch is very smooth , the engine is not burning oil -LRB- or smoking -RRB- , and the shaft or gear -LRB- s -RRB- are not loose or showing signs of excessive wear . The muffler is a bit rusty and has a pleasant rattle.I can only hope that I get equivalent service from my 825r as the owner of the 890r did and I continue to get .
 I 've owned my trimmer for six or seven years now . I flat out abuse many of my yard tools . Tools are meant for use , hard , regular and rough use . I seldom change the oil , clean the filter or do much more that put gas in my yard tools . And I use cheap gas with no stabilizer . I live in southern California and have to do yard work year round . My tools get no `` winterizing '' . I bought my gas trimmer shortly after buying my last house wich had a 1/2 acre yard . Most of the year I could get away with yard work onece a week but in the later winter and spring it was a twice a week job . I used the string trimmer for edgeing , the brush cutter to keep the field behind me from encroaching and the blower to clean my drive and patio/parking area clean . I moved to the house I 'm in now and have 1 and 1/4 acre , all landscaped . I have 30 trees and about 1/3 acre of iceplant ; a large lawn and dozens of ornemental shrubs . I do my own yard work . The Ryobi gets a solid one + hour work out twice a week , regardless of season . A few times a year I use the brush cutter attachment to clean the edge of the 20 acre place across from me ; easily a four hour job . I now have and regularly use the string trimmer , edger , brush cutter , blower , vacuum , and tiller attchements . I love it , works like a champ . . I 've experienced many of the problems others have listed , but overcome them fairly easily . As for the hard starts , it was a valve adjustment that corrected that . It 's an easy adjustment involving only three tools . The bump head just plain wore out . I thought about rebuilding it , but pulling it out by hand just is n't any trouble , in fact I find I 'm less likly to gouge my lawn that way . The leak I chased and put up with longer . Mine leaked from between the case and the cylinder base . I tightened the bolts a few times , even locktighted them once but the leak came back every time . I got after it one afternoon and after lifting the cylider just a bit , I found the gasket to be torn . I did n't have a ring compressor for this size piston and did n't want to fool with it so I left the cylinder on , and just raised it a bit . I scrapped off all the old gasket and put down a heavy bead of red silicon . I dropped the cylinder back down , locktighted the bolts and it 's been holding oil tight for over a year . I 'm not a mechanic or anything like that but I am fairly handy and I think anyone who is could do these fixes . I think this unit is great value for the money .
 I would like to start out by saying that I have not bought this model yet ... but am writing based on my 8 years with a 720R , 2 cylinder : ---------- Some here complain about not being able to use the throttle after starting their trimmer : Change the gas , clean the filter . Last year 's dust and last year 's gas wo n't help your trimmer this year . If you are using a 2 cylinder , break the thing down , clean every metal part with gasoline , then lightly oil everything except the inner cylinder or head . Clean the spark plug and check the gap . Store for winter , and you will have a great trimmer next spring . ---------- Some complain that it is not a ` serious brush trimmer : ` No , it is not . It is a consumer grade line trimmer with attachments that allow you to casually perform other functions . The brush cutter is not for clearing land , the snow thrower is not for clearing streets and the tiller is not for growing a garden . ---------- Some say it only cranks momentarily , then cuts off before they get the shoulder harness on : Again , clean the filter , change the gas - possibly clean the carb . With this behavior , you are burning the gas from the primer bulb , but nothing after that ; your air/fuel mix is off probably due to a lack of airflow and gas that is harder to ignite due to partial water content . No , there is no water in your tank per se , but rather that the gas in your area has some alcohol content such as ethanol , methanol , etc. . . which produces some water.A way to test this is to completely remove your air filter . Try cranking it now . Works ? Probably . Sit down and spend an hour cleaning your trimmer up really well and be happy with it again . However , if you make more an hour than the trimmer costs , do n't spend the hour , and buy a new one . Give the old one to a neighbor and tell them to clean it . ---------- My old 2 cylinder has lasted 8 years so far , but I am thinking of replacing it so as to not have to mix oil any longer . In the meantime , I thought I would share some knowledge that has helped me keep my trimmer running until now , and give readers a chance to fairly evaluate some of the reviews here .
 I have always liked this feeder and was excited to see it advertised and at a great value . The seller was easy to work with and I am completely satisfied with the feeder .
 I can not say enough great things about this thistle bird feeder ! It 's the best . Great construction , metal portals and metal perches , as well as a metal cap , all with a thick plastic cylinder feeding tube . The ONLY drawback is that it 's not big enough . And it only has 4 perches . I have written to Stokes to inquire if Stokes makes an identical feeder with more perches . Nope . Anyway , all the finches LOVE this durable feeder but I wish it was larger and had more metal ports/perches . BTW , you 'll be filling this feeder at least once a day , if not more often !! My neighbor bought one too after observing the happenings at my backyard Stokes feeder . Oh , and the squirrels do n't bother w / this feeder and I 've got LOTS of big fat well-fed squirrels around my other feeders . Absolutely a 5-star winner !!
 This is well constructed with metal perches , so the squirrels can not chew through . This is the favorite feeder for my golfinches .
 I have purchased 4 different finch feeders , and this is by far the best ! I look forward to seeing how it winters .
 Good outline of the country and to remember from where our grandparents came from to the United States . Also , a good magnet for the refrigerator or the freezer .
 A little small for the price , but a nice magnet for the refrigerator.To small for anything else .
 ACE BRASS QUICK CONNECTOR SETThis is an interchangeable solid brass connector from Ace Hardware , made by Gilmour that even has an automatic shutoff built in ! I give this one a 5 star rating because you do not even have to shut off the hose to change between nozzles . You can use regular Gilmour males with the Ace Hardware females interchangeably since they are all made by Gilmour . If you are going to fill buckets , I recommend the regular Gilmour brass connector Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set , as opposed to this one , since this has the automatic shutoff feature which wo n't let you fill the bucket without a spray nozzle.I have one of these on each soaker hose that I own so it is easy to remove the hose in a second by popping one off or another on . There is no leaking from this connector due to an `` O '' ring . It is extremely easy to use . I also recommend a piece of teflon tape around the threaded areas to prevent a corrosion chemical reaction and fusion of different metals when water is introduced.STAY AWAY FROM THE `` METAL '' GILMOUR TYPES AND ONLY GO WITH THE TRUE BRASS ONES !!! These Ace Hardware ones are fantastic .
 I bought this pool cleaner to replace a Polaris that worked -LRB- poorly at best -RRB- off the suction line of my pump . This unit works off of an electric transformer that steps the voltage down from 110 to 12 volts . It 's pricey but thoroughly cleans my pool in 1 hour . It takes the load off the pump by working off an electric line and capturing even fine particles in a fine mesh , cloth bag . The bag is cleaned after each use - takes about 5 minutes . I did have some problems wuth the first unit I purchased ; but the customer support was excellent . After the first repair failed to solve my problem ; the manufacturer replaced the unit . The 5-year warranty also eases any worries regarding future problems . All in all , it 's the best pool cleaner I have ever used .
 Pros
 I love my little Robie -- he crawls all over my pool
 Let me say I purchased this unit from Amazon and I have had the chance to use it already this year.It was very easy to use and was able to edge all my walkways , driveway and curbing in about 1/2 hour . The guide at the bottom of the unit does a great job at keeping you in live of the area you are edging . I would highly recommend this unit for any do it yourself home owner . My neighbor have alreay offered to pay me if I would edge there property !!! Hmmm maybe a new job in the future . I must say that this unit give my property a well gromed look !!
 The TrimmerPlus concept has been a tremendous asset for me . I have the trimmer , the blower/vac/mulcher , and the edger . I agree with several of the reviewers that the first usage is a bit awkward , but once you get the hang of the machine , it works very well . I do agree that it tends to work better -LRB- edges easier & quicker with deeper cut -RRB- walking backwards , but forward works fine . I also have found it to be versatile in that I use it to provide a natural edge around my flower beds in addition to edging around curbs and sidewalks . I know someone with a bigger , single purpose edger , but I feel that this one is just as effective , less expensive , has plenty of power , and is more versatile than the other machine . Plus , I can pop it off , attach my trimmer or blower , and get to the next phase of my yard work in a matter of seconds . Overall , a pretty good investment .
 Pro
 I bought a straight shaft Ryobi grass trimmer and wanted to have an Add-On Lawn Edger ; however , the shaft on the Edger is NOT straight ; it is curved . Why ? It DOES DO A GREAT trimming job , however . Worth having and connects like it says it does -- easy . And , we need easy .
 ... The edger itself so far is working well . However , it appears that the drive motor or the gear set of the Trimmer was not built to withstand an extended load from the edger . After using the edger for about 10 min for the first time , I started smelling a buring odor from the motor . So I had to let it cool before I continued . Of course it may be possible that it was my first time edging the lawn and the blade had to work harder to cut into the grass and dirt . My Trimmer is an electric unit . Maybe the gas powered Trimmer has a more robust motor .
 This add-on edger definitely works as well as I expected . It takes a little getting used to but does a great job once you get the hang of it . The debris flap on the back side is pretty useless , so make sure you 're wearing pants while edging . This is the first add-on I 've purchased for my Ryobi 725r and am quite happy with it 's performance .
 I have the Ryobi add-on to my YardMan electric base unit that originally was sold as a string trimmer . Prior to purchasing this unit , I used the string trimmer at an awkward angle edge my lawn . There is no comparison - the edger does a fantastic job.I had n't edged with an edger prior to this , so I followed the instructions to a tee . That is , because I had n't edged my lawn before and had a thick buildup along my sidewalk margins , I knew not to set the unit to its deepest cut on the first pass and expect it to work well . Rather , I made two or three passes at successively deeper cuts and it worked like a charm.I live in AZ and cut through very fibrous , `` rooty '' Bermudagrass along with hard clay-rich soil , and the unit performs well . As others have noted , going backwards often performs better than using a forward motion , but once the initial edge is made , maintenance edging is a snap in either direction.There are only a couple of minor downsides in my opinion
 Here in the state of California . We can not use a 2 stroke anymore . I had to buy a four stroke Yard-Man Gas trimmer . . The good thing is I can still use my Roybi accessories and do not have to mix gas anymore . I have the blower , Weed trimmer and the edger . The first thing i did was take off the wheel . I have plenty of power to run the edger . I also have the Blow/Vac/Mulcher . Using the edger I push the Blade against the curb and get a stright edge . I have no problems cutting forward or backwards . Just be carefull using the edger without the wheel .
 Well , I used this edger all summer long now and have nothing but good success . Edging got easier each time . My only complaints are that the wheel seems a little small and can not be adjusted enough to allow for shallow trenching . I have gotten past this by installing a larger wheel . The other minor complaint is that mud sometimes gets packed behind the blade , but I overcome this by carrying a screwdriver with me and scraping it from time to time . Still a great product and time -LRB- and string -RRB- saver !
 The edger does a nice , easy job except for the first edge of the season , which takes a little extra time . If you ca n't find a Ryobi replacement blade , bring the blade to your local lawnmower shop for a generic replacement .
 The trimmer is well suited for non commercial , stone and root free soil . I use it on an average of twice a month during the yard mowing season . After the initial trim cut the trimming task can be accomplished quickly , and almost effortlessly .
 My best friend has a dedicated edger . It 's large , expensive , takes up space and ca n't edge any better than this TrimmerPlus accessory.I 've used mine nearly every week of the lawn mowing seasons for the past two years . My edges look great!I finally replaced the original blade -LRB- well worn after 2 years worth of use -RRB- . The new models -LRB- or replacement blades for your old model -RRB- now have a large v-shaped notch -LRB- scallop -RRB- at the edge of the blade . It makes cutting more efficient than the orignal rectangular blade.After a few months worth of use I finally did discover -LRB- as did several others who 've reviewed this item -RRB- that it really does work best to walk backward . I find that with this technique I can edge my sidewalks , drive , and curbs in one pass.If you 've not edged before and have overgrown edges -LRB- I moved into a new home where the edges had n't been maintained -RRB- it will take longer the first time and requires a slower technique . Move the unit back and forth -LRB- like a vacuum cleaner -RRB- to nibble & carve away the soil & grass to create a new clean edge . After the initial cut to regain control of my edges , it 's a snap to run the edger through once weekly or bi-weekly .
 I just purchased one of these Add-on Lawn Edgers to be used on my 4 cycle 775R and I am very pleased with it ! There 's lots of edging power , although my first time using it was somewhat time-consuming as I had to dig out the trenches next to the sidewalk . I would think that this should get easier with each use . You get a nice clean cut and do n't use up your string , which always seemed to go quickly when hitting the concrete . One note
 The ease of swapping out attachments on my 725 is great ! I have edger , cultivator , string trimmer and sawzall/pruner . The edger DOES work better walking backwards , as another reviewer commented . But , it works well forward too if you make little steps -LRB- I like a DEEP & sharp edge , which this accomplishes -RRB- . I disagree with another reviewer indicating it has too little power . It certainly would bog down if plunged into a deeply overgrown curb , but so would one of the four wheel units . I 've never cut lumber or a tree by plunging the saw or chainsaw into the object ! Have you ?!? This unit , as any would , requires a little technique on the thick stuff . It has never bogged down on me though . And it is MUCH faster than using the big edgers . I can edge , mow , trim and blow my lawn much faster than any of my neighbors with the four separate units . Although not for ameteurs nor recommended in the manual , I 've taken off my guide wheel so I can make an even deeper cut faster !
 This edger attachment is simply a great investment . Compared to a traditional gas-powered edger , this Ryobi product is light-weight , space-saving and less expensive.Although it takes a little practice to use , you have to be smarter than the machine . The rudder that guides the edger along the curb or sidewalk can be bothersome the first time you use it , but once you have created a groove for the rudder to ride in , it works great . The wheel can also be deceiving . I find that you do n't even need it . If you just let the rudder glide along the edge , the edger blade creates enough upward force as it hits the ground that it seemingly floats down the line.If you are patient and learn how to use this attachment , I think you too will appreciate its usefulness .
 My initial try with the edger was not a very pleasant one . I was using the edger as you would expect , walking forward cutting little by little . I experienced a lot of jams and engine stops . Later I discovered that the thing works wonderfuly better walking backwards . The blade spin works a lot better this way . Once I discovered this , my edging experience has been wonderfull but odd at the same time .
 We 've used the edger along our driveway and it works beautifully . It makes crisp , clean , deep cuts that are uniform and actually help to prevent the grass re-growth in the areas you use it . Our neighbor owns a lawncare company and has commented on great results we get from using it . My husband has cared for lawns since he was very young , and he knows what works well and what does n't . Both he and his dad use the edger attachment and love it . The price is just right for what you get in return . The only downfall is that it is very powerful - so if you get careless , it will chip at your driveway because it spins really fast .
 Before I got the Ryobi , I was edging with a Black & Decker electric edger . The electric B&D has 1.5 HP and I know the Ryobi gas engines are rated at about 1HP so I was a little skeptical . My fears were diminished , however , after my 1st use . My 875r 4-cycle seems to have plenty of power to work the blade . I was able to do many areas with a single pass , whereas I always had to work `` back & fourth '' with the B&D unit . Also , it sure is nice working with gas -- no more extension cords !! When you 're done , you can hang it on the wall ; taking up less space than a broom .
 I kept the wheel on , but took off the flat guide blade -- it also has an arm perpendicular to the cut that would get stuck when pushing forward . If you have an older model with a solid blade rectangular , go buy a new replacement with the scalloped edges - it spins better and cutters faster ! I kept the wheel on , and replaced the plastic head screw that sets the wheel height with something more solid and a better lock washer - the vibrations would loosen the screw often otherwise.I 'll try the ` backwards ' suggestion from another poster this weekend - there is definately an art to this item , but it works GREAT when you master it . I have a 2 cycle trimmer , plenty of power for the task -LRB- it will encourage you to edge more frequently , which makes the job even easier -RRB-
 I have been very pleased with this blower . It has more than enough power to clear sidewalks , driveways and patios . I recommend this attachment to anyone who does n't want to go out and buy a seperate blower that will take up twice the space in your garage . Ca n't find it cheaper than Amazon either !
 Great blower . Has great power and does job easily . Easily attaches if you are used to other Ryobi attachments . Saw same item at a local warehouse store for $ 10 more . Overall very happy with Ryobi attachment and unit .
 I have one acre with a lot of trees . This prunner is light weight , sharp , and makes fast work of the job . Four inch branches , or small trees are no problem for this trimmer . I 've owned mine for four years , and replaced the blade once . Reccommend the shoulder strap for more comfort .
 I have recently steped into the Ryobi Trimmer Plus Landscapingsystem . I recieved the unit as a gift from my wife . I never thoughtworking in the yard -LRB- I have a big yard with tons of trees ! -RRB- would ever be fun . I purchased this this attachment and all my work became fun and easy.Don ' t buy an inferior unit that does not have tree pruning capibility . Get a Ryobi and make your landscaping , especialy tree trimming , tasks easy.Plus , Ryobi units start in a snap !
 This tree/bush pruner is really great . I have a half acre with a wide variety of trees . Apple and Pear trees are a snap with this baby . Over grown rose of sharon is no problem . Oak does take a little longer to get through but hey , I 'm not standing on a ladder sawing the old fasioned way and breaking a blade . I fully recommend this item . I have the blower/vac , hedge trimmer and snow thrower attachments for my Ryobi and this pruner really takes the place of a small chain saw . It comes with 2 blades and the strap . Get it if you have bushes and trees and ryobi/john deere/craftsman .
 Just recieved it and had a chance to give it try on a variety of trees and limb sizes . Cuts through most 1-2 inch limbs in about 10-30 seconds . The bigger 3-4 inch limbs on oak and pecan trees can take up to a couple minutes to saw through , but this would be no longer than using a hand saw.May want to keep the allen wrench with you because the blade does loosen with extented use with vibration .
 This pruner works well , is well-balanced when attached , and adds extra reach with the included extension boom . The strap -LRB- included -RRB- helps to support the unit during your trimming chores , but you will want to upgrade the snap swivel on the strap to a more heavy-duty type . Overall , a nice enhancement to the TrimmerPlus system that will make it easy to keep all your trees pruned as needed .
 This baby works better than I had hoped . Hacks through 4 '' to 5 `` branches like a hot knife through butter , and that was on my old 2 stroke , its even better on the new 4 stroke .
 It does what they say it will - cut up to 4 '' limb.The only complaint that i have is that you really ca n't get it up all that high to cut much that is n't close to the ground . Works great trimming heavy brush so you can reach in and saw off the tops of the bush .
 Great job . The item arrived quickly and was everything as promised . Thanks .
 The ryobi takes a little bit to get started and running good , but once it gets going -LRB- after a few min -RRB- it does really well , i have only used it to chop up 1 small tree and a bunch of branches that fell during a storm , but the blades are not dull at all .
 For a Short time , free shipping and handling , what a deal.Spring is coming around the corner , gear-up for spring project.Purchased several items for the outside project . Thanksfor the free shipping and handling . Hope people willuse this feature and cost saving , especially in the time offamilies of uncertains time of jobs , budget cuts and members of families going to war . Thank you .
 I invented this thing . your looking at my 1976 school science and drafting project . they use my name EZ Trim . I invented the removeable interlocking shaft system , the tool head , the telscoping shaft system , and the entire concept . got drunk in a chicago bar and talked about it . Here is MY invention . MY name ofr my invention . And i never made a darn cent . Cool isnt it ? got ta love corporations . FORTUNATELY I STILL HAVE MORE INVENTIONS TO SELL !! INTERESTED ?? EMAIL ME please vote for me to keep me on this page !! i deserve it thanks
 `` Seasidewanderer '' does n't even name the Troybuilt cultivator , in the review . the only one named was a Ryobi and then they complain about it . If they want to do that , why do n't they review a Ryobi and not Troybuilt .
 It 's not the best on really hard ground or clay , but it 's good . It will dig up the ground and it works excellent when mixing new dirt/compost in .
 Good for small garden tilling . A little touchy at first but you get the hang of using this tiller fast.Worked better than I expected .
 I 've never touched a lawnmower , weedeater , or any other garden tool up until 2 months ago when I bought my first home . The landscaping needs a complete overhaul , and thanks to this cultivator , I think I 'll be able to do it myself . I 've already redone the rock-hard old raised beds in the front of the house . Now if only I could buy an Add-On Handyperson attachment !
 Our neighbor worked our garden with a disc and field cultivator , but we still needed to work in our compost . I stopped at the hardware store and bought the tiller attachment . I had a 31cc 2 cycle trimmer that I bought 3 years ago and had never used . I took it out of the box and attached my tiller . It started on the 3rd pull . The tiller tore through our soil with no problem . It mixed in our composte with ease . I then used it to tear right through our grass around some trees I planted . It took time , but eventually got through the sod with little effort.I was pleasantly surprised . Now , how can I get that wheel frame from the old all-in-1 model ...
 I had been debating on purchasing this attachment , but decided to give it a try.I am pleased as punch with it . The trick to using this attachment is to follow exactly , to the letter , T. Campbell 's advice stated in a prior review . As Campbell states , it really does work as claimed if you follow his/her instructions of letting it rest atop the work , and letting the tiller attachment do its thing.Once it has worked into the soil , as Campbell says , work it back and forth like a vacuum cleaner . Then once you 've worked this spot , work your way through your garden . Soon , you will have nicely tilled a good amount of ground.I too , `` recycle '' my leaves and such using the mulching mower . I can not wait to use this to work my homemade mulch into my garden beds with this tiller attachment.Something important to bear in mind . This is not a $ 2,000 heavy duty tiller , this is an attachment to a power head . In my case , that power head is a Troy Built TB525CS 4-cycle engine.Some things I have found . Indeed , it will bounce if it hits a rock , or a packed amount of clay . If you work the tiller from the side into the hard mass , it will chisel through clay . If it 's a rock , depending on the size , it may dislodge it and bounce it to the top . It wo n't fling the rock at you . The gearing system is a reduction type , so nothing violent happens . If the rock is a bit larger than it can toss , you will jam.I did jam it twice , my own fault , trying to be too aggressive . If this happens to you , it 's not a problem to shut it off , pull the cotter pin holding the tines , remove the tines and obstruction . Both times , in less than a minute , I was back at work . The cotter pin is excellent . It 's not the type you have to squeeze and pull with a pair of pliers . It 's a ring type . So , to slip the tine wheels off , you just flip the loop and pull the pin.Once I get a few workings into my beds and garden , I expect this unit will really shine . Maintaining those beds will be a breeze , without the need of pulling out the heavy duty tiller . The best money I 've spent in a long time .
 This thing is amazing . I use it on a Ryobi 1079R 4-cycle trimmer head and it does a very nice job of breaking up small areas of sod . Plenty of power and good balance . Easy to use and effective . What more could one ask for ?
 The first big job for this tiller was to till the ground on our lawn 's bare spots - before laying down new sod . The spots are hard ; but it does n't matter to the cultivator . It just cuts the `` hard pan ''
 I debated about renting a bigger tiller or just buying this for my Toro 2 cycle power head . I really thought that this would be a waste of time but I was being cheap and this was far more cost effective than renting , hauling , unloading and managing a far bigger piece ... . JUST to till my flower beds.My flower beds here in Houston are enriched with hard clotty dried clay and some hard dirt ... thanks to last years drought . I just wanted to break down the hard stuff and blend in some richer soil that I purchased.BOY WAS I SURPRISED ! This thing just tore through that stuff with a fair amount of ease ... off a 2 cycle power head ! I was very please that I was able to dig in 5-6 inches deep and blend in the good stuff after breaking up the hard clots.My `` challenging '' flower bed was 30 feet log by 5 feet wide , FYI.All in all I found this to be a lot more effective than I expected . A great solution if you do not want to buy or store a large expensive tiller ... and if you want to utilize an existing power head that you already own .
 Works very well but the head does get heavy , so the strap is helpful but works well and does a nice job .
 I just finished using my Troy Bilt Cultivator/Tiller and now I can feel good about giving an honest review.I live in Missouri where the ground is very rocky and the soil is a bit on the hard side . I new that when I purchased the unit that I was not buying a industrial type farm unit , so I was not expecting those types of results.I did first turn my soil over by hand at 9 '' depth -LRB- a 11 x 36 foot garden area -RRB- . This area was a multiple year virgin lawn . I started up my Troy Bilt as per the instructions . Every thing work just as written in the manual . The Cultivator went to work breaking down the large clumps of grass and soil . This was alot of work but once again it cost 99.00 and not 3000.00 dollars so I was anticipating it being a bit harder to do . The unit was awesome and did a great job . Now the the soil is evenly broken I added my multch amd ground prep . And once again I put the unit to work turning in the mulch and compost to ready the ground for an incredible garden.To say the least this unit really was a great buy from Amazon . I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to put in a garden or flower bed . But would also say that you have to be realistic about the work . It is a bit on the heavy side but gives you awesome results .
 I have used the unit and am pleased with the high speed action saves on the use of the hoe . The unit came preasembled and is a snap to install on the troy bilt trimmer . The unit is a little heavy but needs to be so that it stops some of the bounce on hard ground . I recommend using the unit on loose ground after the garden has been worked up in the spring for planting .
 This add-on worked much better than I was expecting . The tiller has enough power to deal with my small garden beds . It churns through the soil surprisingly well , and mixes in organic matter to prepare the beds for planting . It 's not a perfect system , though.I do n't really think I could have used it for more than a couple minutes at a time because the unit is pretty heavy , especially when it 's churning up the soil . This is n't really a problem , though , because I generally had to stop every few minutes , turn off the machine , and knock a stone that jammed up the tines . -LRB- I used a hammer and an old screwdriver , since the rocks were pretty well wedged in . -RRB- I imagine the more I use it on my flower beds , the less the rocks wo n't be so bad.I 'm not an engineer , but I ca n't help but suspect that there 's a better way to design the working end to prevent small stones from wedging themselves inside .
 I never thought that a small tiller attachment for a weed trimmer could hold up to my expectations , but I was definitely not disappointed with this unit.I was amazed at how much I could do with this cultivator . Entire flower beds and even large planters can be worked without the effort of hand-tilling , and the compact size of this attachment allows it to get into corners a full-size tiller could n't go.There is plenty of torque to go through pretty compacted soil . Large , solid chunks of clay or stone will get stuck , but a little patience and common sense on the part of the operator will prevent that problem.Well worth the money , definitely a must-have attachment for the Ryobi trimmer !
 I own the electric Ryobi TrimmerPlus 132r and wanted to go with all non-gas for the power tools in my small yard . I planted a vegetable garden two years ago and rented a 5hp tiller to chew through the grass that was in place then . I decided to buy the cultivator attachment for the trimmer and have been extremely pleased.I was concerned the electric motor would not be adequate for even minimal tasks but I was shocked -LRB- sorry -RRB- to find I could till through heavy dirt -- I even had to push on the back of the cultivator with my foot to get it to labor and eventually stall in the soil . I even tilled some moist but hard packed dirt without any trouble.As other people have mentioned , the head on the unit was small enough to effectively turn over the dirt in a 30-inch wide planter.If you 're looking for a cultivator to handle a small garden , I would be surprised if you were disappointed by this product .
 I really like the concept of the TrimmerPlus accessory system . I own the 875r trimmer motor -LRB- 4 cycle -RRB- , most of the other accessories , but I have to admit that I was a bit skeptical about buying this particular attachment . I did n't think the engine on my trimmer would be strong enough to power a tiller through my neglected & hard-packed beds.None of the local stores which carried the TrimmerPlus line carried this accessory , so I thought I 'd have to buy it online and did n't want the hassle of boxing it back up and shipping it if it turned out to be a disappointment . I finally saw it in a local store and decided to take a chance -- figuring it would be easy enough to return if it did n't work out.Was I ever surprised.The gear ratio in this little guy apparently gives the engine quite a mechanical advantage over hard soil . I just let the weight rest on the ground -LRB- I do n't lift it up or push it down as I till -RRB- and let gravity and the tines do all the work as they till their way into the ground . Rock it back & forth slowly like you would a vacuum cleaner.I use it in the spring to prepare my beds for planting , but I also use it in the fall . I do n't throw out my leaves with the yard waste , I run over them a few times with the mulching mower to break them up , then let the mower bag them , then dump them all throughout my beds . I use this tiller to work them into the soil and enrich it . The soil quality of my beds was rather poor when I moved into this house , but has been improving year over year ever since I started doing this.And now for the durability comment
 I was never enthusiastic about a vegatable garden , mainly because of all the preparation that is involved . Our new TrimmerPlus Cultivator has made it fun , fast , and easy . I was suprised at how well it handled our hard clay soil . We are now talking about expanding the garden .
 We bought this with the Ryobi 875R 4-cycle trimmer . There are a lot of good reviews , so my wife and I thought we should check it out . This attachment is worth every penny we spent on it . Being that this is the first spring in our home , a lot of landscaping was needed in our yard . Our planting beds are too small to rent a big tiller , and since we needed a trimmer anyway , this seemed like a good choice . Other reviewers have commented on how tough this is , and the mechanical advantage it offers . These reviews speak the truth . I spent about two hours tearing up a section about 20 ' x 5 ' . My yard is terrible , rocks -LRB- averaging about half the size of my palm -RRB- were plentiful , roots everywhere -LRB- from small little bits to about 3/8 '' thick -RRB- , and very hard packed soil throughout . This cultivator tore through it all , only being stopped once by a big root . Like was mentioned before , just set the thing down , full throttle , and walk backwards , letting the -LRB- somewhat considerable -RRB- weight of the cultivator do the work . I say walk because if you try to lean or push , you will quickly develop a sore back . Also , you may want to get the shoulder strap , or make one of your own from luggage straps , as after a while it all begins to wear on your arms and back . At the end of my cultivation session , I pulled the blades off and removed some tangled roots , and it looks good as new . Again , it is quite strong and very worth it if you need to start and maintain smallish soil areas . I do n't know how well it will work with an electric or 2-cycle trimmer , but the 4-cycle is relatively quiet and quite powerful . Get it .
 I have a small raised garden -LRB- 6x24 -RRB- and this is a great tool for the job . It gives your arms a workout trying to keep it down , but after you go over the garden once it is not too bad , plus I just put the plug on the end and hang it on the wall when not in use . The cost and size make it well worth the money !!
 You ca n't hurt this thing . It tears through ANY soil , roots etc and does so as well as the big tillers that do n't fit in a household garden . This is useful for small vegetable gardens , but the best use is refreshing the soil around shrubs in your foundation beds . Its litle head gets in tight spaces , and you can drop it straight down into a spot you could n't wheel a big tiller into . It gets roots tangled around it , but clears easily . The tines are indestructible , as is all the rest . I 'm glad I got the 4-cycle 875R trimmer , because this thing uses all the torque it puts out . A very good investment . Saves a whale of a lot of storage in the garage , too !!!
 I recently got a great GoldBox deal -LRB- combined with a coupon -RRB- on the 4 cycle curved shaft trimmer . I have an old Red Max commercial grade trimmer that blows smoke , makes a racket but tears the hell out of anything . I wanted a smaller trimmer for my wife to use . The 4 cycle is nice and torquier . What makes the deal is this tiller attachment . I chewed up my garden in 5-10 minutes . Then I laid out the peat and the compost , and turned it all in . Beautifully tilled soil and all chunks ground to a nice size . Do n't plan on tearing up sod with it , but if you have a yearly garden turnover/break-up chore , this is the ticket . Great idea and functions far better than you might imagine .
 This thing has been the most useful attachment for my Ryobi thus far . I was a bit skeptical that the motor would be able to generate enough gusto to break through my clay laden beds , but she dug in and went to town . My only `` comment '' would be that when I used it to till up some weed infested beds the long stalks -LRB- 14 '' high -RRB- became wrapped around the tines and it took some delicate hand work to remove them ... ie
 This attachment is just right for someone who does n't want to have a huge rototiller or bother with renting one . I have two raised beds and I use it yearly to till in new compost . I have also used it on our hard clay soil to mix in soil ammendment . Highly recommended ! I think it works better than the electric trimmer . The trimmer seems to be underpowered for heavy weeds .
 Does the job . The last battery saver lasted 8 years hope this is as good .
 I purchased this fence for my dining room ! It keeps my small dogs out of the dining room , and when it is not needed any longer , will put it in my garden ! Durable , looks pretty and sections lock together easily .
 I like the looks of the fence edging . It looks sturdy . It has to be stuck in the ground . Since the ground is frozen , I 'm not going to use it until spring .
 I am very happy with my Ryobi . Three years old and it starts every time . Some reviews say they ca n't start them and end up with blisters , but that 's because they do not maintain them correctly . Just remember to add fuel stabalizer to your gas so that the fuel does n't break down . These carberators are small and it would n't take much to plug 'em up . Even then , you can usually fix them by adding `` Barrymans '' gas additive to your fuel . Then allow the unit to idle for 5 minutes or so . Barrymans will break down any small varnish particles that may be plugging the fuel ports in the carb.I really like the optional attachments and how quick I can change them from one tool to another . It sure makes yardwork more of a pleasure.So , if your are ready , purchase the best ... buy Ryobi .
 I have used the Ryobi Trimmer-Plus gas trimmer for about 4 years now.The only reason I had to replace my original 825r trimmer shaft was because I tried to use an Echo quick release spool which was too heavy and broke the rod inside the shaft . Now that I have read the instructions on how to correctly use the speed spool , I 've found myself not changing the line every two minutes . I just bump the bumperhead on the ground and the line comes out with no hassle .
 I 've had a Ryobi 725r String Trimmer for nearly 6 years and it has been the best yard equipment investment I 've made besides my 16 year old Snapper Mower . With regular maintenance and care these tools have lasted me for years and I expect they will continue to last . If you had problems with one I would imagine you got one of the lemons that are always out there . Just Deal ...
 I have been VERY SATISFIED . I have never purchased ` regular ' Ryobi merchandise and maybe that is why I have been so pleased . My Ryobi 2-cycle trimmer and all of my attachments are what is called ` FACTORY RECONDITIONED , FACTORY PERFECT ' Basically they have been inspected manually by a person and fine tuned and checked for any problems and those problems have been fixed . My first Ryobi 2-cycle trimmer I ran hard , about 10 hours a week for an entire summer . It made me so much money and it is n't even a commercial unit . Guess what , it STILL RUNS and tears through the same stuff it could from the start . Surprisingly , ` FACTORY RECONDITIONED , FACTORY PERFECT ' units sell for cheaper than ` regular ' units . This is because people are weary of purchasing them because they do n't understand that they are not seconds . Buy a ` FACTORY RECONDITIONED , FACTORY PERFECT ' unit and it will be one of the best trimmers you can own .
 Waited a long while to state a review . Wanted to see if item lasts , and the word is yes . Thanks seller .
 Overall , I am very happy with the performance of the blower/vac attachment . The blower works well for blowing off pavement , although I have n't tried it on wet leaves yet . The vacuum function works well , too . It does n't have quite the suction or blowing power of a dedicated blower or mulcher , but it works great for me . Unless you have a huge yard , you probably would n't want to purchase an individual blower and vacuum . I would recommend this product for the easy attachment to the trimmer motor and for exceptional value .
 Yes , it 's made of plastic but so far the abuse I 've subjected it to makes me wonder if it 's lined with Kryptonite . I recently trimmed my boxwoods and Red Tip bushes/shrubs and after spending 30 minutes raking and picking up debris by hand , I said I wish I had a lawn vac to suck all this stuff up . Hey , I DO have a lawn vac ! So ... branches , leaves , twigs , etc got sucked up and placed nicely in the bag . A little grunting from the impeller blade but most of it came up aside from a few stubbon leaves . I havent tried the blower part yet but i can only imagine it works as well .
 This is a great system ! Wish I saw this attachment before I bought the lone Blower . The Blower/Vac has adequate power , nothing stunning with my 31cc 2 Cycle , but it 's the convenience and price that gives it a stellar review . Anyone interested in a almost new Blower ?
 This blower/vac provides the user with the option to decide which mode to use , at a whim -- esp handy on breezy autumn afternoons when you 've got a thick layer of leaves covering the yard ... the vac is not designed to pick up masses of wet leaves , and even when picking up dry leaves , you should empty the bag frequently . Both blower and vac are good and powerful , making light work of tiresome raking-type chores .
 I bought a Yardman weed wacker which is compatable with the Ryobi stuff . When I saw the Vac/Blower attachment , I thought that it was too good to be true . It has been an incredible attachment . It has cut my `` landscaping '' time in half and everything looks so much better . This thing even sucks up oranges that have fallen off of my tree . I do n't know if that is good for it or not but it just keeps working . The blower is more than adequate and does all that I need . So far I have been very pleased with this item . I would recommend it highly !
 This is ANOTHER great add-on for my Ryobi trimmer ! I hated using my old electric vac/blower , and my yard showed it ! This new vac/blower add-on is making short work of that chore . Good power and well balanced . With all the TrimmerPlus attachments , my yard has never looked better !
 Works well with the Ryobi Power Trimmer that I have . No need to use a different motor , just you the Click-Link shaft on the Trimmer . Much easier than raking leaves .
 I own the electric Ryobi TrimmerPlus 132r and wanted to go with all non-gas for the power tools in my small yard . The first year I had my house I stuck with my trusty snow shovel . Unfortunately , 40 inches dumped on us over two days last year and the novelty of getting excercise by shovel wore thin pretty quick . Despite it not being recommended for the electric trimmer , I bought the snow thrower anyway.My recollection of electric snow throwers in the past led me to believe they were no less work than a shovel . The TrimmerPlus snow thrower with the electric trimmer head has worked great . It has handled all the kinds of snow I 've tried it with . Its single-stage design allows it to move -LRB- but not quite throw -RRB- super wet snow and even standing water.Electrically , the trimmer head is well insulated but due to the amount of moisture involved in throwing snow , a GCFI outlet or extension cord is an absolute necessity . I 've never been shocked even with the unit quite wet , but why take chances?I would have given it 5 stars , but the adjustable chute is somewhat hard to use and does n't affect the direction of throw very much .
 I used this attachment for 1 winter . Couldnt afford a big thrower . It worked well but I would only recommend it if you live in an area that doesnt receive a lot of heavy snows . I replaced it with a 4.5 hp snow thrower but only because of the heavy winters that we have .
 I 've owned this for several years and it really throws the snow . Two years ago , we had about 6 inches of snow about every other night and this cleared it great . It 's not the fastest because of the width but for areas that get limited snowfall , this is a great low cost alternative that really works .
 This snow thrower for the trimmer plus system works very well . I am amazed by how quickly it clears the snow and how easily my trimmer starts in winter . This little gem clears my driveway quickly and easily and takes up very little space in my garage . The click link systems is such a smart idea . I 've been using it for years and will have no other product . Even if the power head goes bad and I have to replace it -LRB- which I had to after 8 years -RRB- , it is still more cost effective than buying all the yard tools separately . Great item and worth the money -LRB- ... -RRB- 2 years with this item and still works great . I have no complaints about a good item .
 My husband cleared our 60 foot driveway of 6 inches of snow in about half an hour . When I wanted to try it out I had to go clear the neighbors ' . The only reason I am not giving it five stars is that I do n't know how long it will last . The blade being plastic does concern me , but it seems sturdy .
 I 've been using this attachment for the terrific Ryobi split shaft system for several years . It works very well for something as small and light and -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- as it is . It bogs down a little when the snow is very deep and wet and dense , but you just slow down and back it up and make multiple passes and it will clear anything that has not turned to ice.Just one small drawback
 I have not used it yet but it appears to of good quality . It is a add-on snow thrower and have not had any snow yet this year .
 Very pleased . Has enough power for my small yard and I love the fact that I 've just got one motor to keep running for my edger , weed trimmer , and now blower . Have n't tried the flair attachment yet , like the concentrated nozzle . Whole thing is lighter and not as awkward as I thought it would be
 Does a good job clearing sidewalks and curbs after mowing & trimming . Should work well cleaning gardens since you have variable speeds using your throttle . I would n't want to use it for big jobs but , if you have a string trimmer with edger attachment , this is a must !
 No more electrical cords to trip over plus I can swap it over with my trimmer head with ease . I found the rub points on the housing , got some grey furniture moving strips I bought at a hardware store , cut to size , then super glued the strips to the wear areas on the blower . Any plastic strips to take the wear should work . They may not stay on at first but I tried again and they held .
 Blower works great . I use it with an old Ryobi 750R and it also works with the Craftsman 4 cycle line trimmer .
 Easy to connect , works great . I have a long drive way and it beats sweeping.This is the third attachment for my Roybi trimmer .
 One word
 My old Black and Decker electric blower finally died and I have been wanting one of these . I was sick of dragging an extension cord around.I have the Troy Bilt 4 stroke straight shaft trimmer and this piece is easy-on and easy-off . Makes quick work of cleaning up when I 'm done mowing . Powerful enough to get in corners , cracks , etc. and by getting it on Amazon , it was about 12 bucks cheaper than Lowes .
 I had procrastinated buying this add-on for years , as I have a corded blower , but with my powerhead and other snap-on accessories such as hedge trimmer , edger , etc I had to get the two electric cords out just for the dumb blower . Kept thinking that the amount the stores charged for a simple blower for one of these things was a bit outrageous , and I 'd catch one on sale or something . Never happened . Then I saw Amazon had these for about 1/3 of the cost from my local store , I jumped on it.I was a bit skeptical of my lower-rpm 4 stroke powerhead being able to spin this fast enough to get up to full blower speed , but after using it I was instantly convinced that this is giving full output with my engine . The wind blast is better than the electric Toro I have which was a bit marginal , and its light weight makes it a snap to use with the powerhead.I 'd give it 5 stars if it was constructed a bit heavier duty looking , the reviews saying they reinforced the bottom to cope with dragging make sense after using the unit , but the light weight is nice for lifting it .
 The product is easy to use and performs very well . There are two different nozzles -LRB- a wide and narrow style -RRB- supplied . I used the wide nozzle to clear off the patio and sidewalk and it worked fast with good control . A four star rating is given as the unit does produce a loud high pitch sound especially at high RPM . As with many power tools , hearing protection is suggested when using this product . Other than the noise it produces , a five star rating would be in order .
 I purchased one 4.5 years ago when it was called the `` Turbo Blower . '' It has been great , but the Flare nozzle needs to be replaced due to HEAVILY ground scraping . You can get up to 145 mph wind speed ! I can be at the begining of the driveway and the leaves blow all the way to the end ! You will be very pleased with the preformance of the `` Turbo Blower . ''
 I had an identical blower made 11 years ago and it was used year round until it was stolen - never broke . The only thing that I recommend is to get maximum life out of this blower , do two things .1 -RRB- Drill a small hole in the underside of the nozzle and screw a sheet metal screw into it . This will do two things A -RRB- the wear that occurs when rubbing against sidewalks will be borne on a metal screw that is easily replaced - thus saving the plastic nozzle . B -RRB- Nozzle will stay on and not rotate off while you are using it .2 -RRB- Get a heavy epoxy paste such as PC-7 and add a large amount of PC-7 to the underside of the blower disk . PC-7 wears like steel and it prevents the plastic from ever wearing out.If mine had not been stolen , I would have gotten another 10 + years out of it .
 I was worried that this thing would n't be all that great since it is an attachment tool . I was wrong . The power it puts out is great , and this is perfect for blowing off my driveway and sidewalks after mowing the grass .
 DEF . WORTH IT 'S WEIGHT IN GOLD , MUCH POWER , WAS BLOWING AWAY DRIED UP DRYWALL , ETC. . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 I purchased my first blower attachment , a Troy-Bilt TBTB from Amazon a few years ago.I used it on a Ryobi 720R two cycle and currently a Sears 33 cc two cycle trimmer . I have used the TBTB blower attachment once a week for about 15 to 20 minutes each time to blow off the driveway and patio after mowing . It has worked well . But is now starting to wear out as the drive shaft is starting to be noisy and the turbine fan is wobbling from use . Since there is no way to lubricate the moving parts on these blower attachments , you just use & trash them . I purchased this Troy-Bilt TB720R as a replacement of which will be put into action when the TBTB is finally laid to rest . I might add , I could not imagine being without one of these blower attachments as my Wife 's jack russel terrier -LRB- aka minnie raptor -RRB- sheds massive amounts of hair which cover the back patio and my blower makes quick work of cleaning off !! Good Luck ...
 I have had a Ryobi Turbo Blower for over 41/2 years now and it is still working great ! It has survived a move from FL to TX . However the nozzles and bottom are wearing down due to HEAYILY ground scraping ... I have loved having this blower much more than an electric one I had because there is no specific speed setting with an electric . With electric it is ON or OFF . No in between .
 Pros
 The glower works great with my Yardman trimmer . Plenty of power to clean out my trailer after hauling dirt . The two nozzles work well in different uses . I slide the nozzle I am not using over the power connection tube .
 Used this at a restraunt I worked at for about 11/2 years . Smoked turkeys , hams , made pastrami . Never broke , used 2-4 times a week , 8-10 hrs a day . Well done for the home .
 I just purchased this little beauty to maintain my shrubbery . It would have helped if I had read the instructions before starting . I was having a little trouble keeping the motor running on the power head , and she did n't want to start too easily either . But after consulting the manual I realized I was trying to run it at half choke ! OOPS ! The only reason I did n't rate this 5 stars is because of the frequent maintanence requiring the removal of an access plate to apply lubricant . Aside from this fault - I was impressed with the ease of operation and the height I could trim to .
 This is ANOTHER great add-on for my Ryobi trimmer ! I hated using my old cordless trimmer , and the hedges in my driveway showed it ! This new trimmer is making short work of that chore . Good power and well balanced . With all the TrimmerPlus attachments , my yard has never looked better !
 This is a very well made and durable product . It attaches easily to the major portion of the Ryobi and has a very smooth action . Trimming just became a breeze . This 4-stroke Ryobi engine continues to start easily and with assurance too . Love not having to mix oil and gas with this one .
 I got this for 2 years . I love it save me a lot of time and it very safe to use . It 's still working great.I do n't have to worry about cutting my extension cord with the electric trimmer .
 I used this trimmer attachment with my Ryobi modular yard tool , and it is great . The ability to change heads was a real selling point , and I had very large hedges that I could not reach without a pole extension , and this worked great . Over time , the mechanism inside the trimmed head did not hold up . But then again , I worked this piece VERY hard . Not recommended for think branches !
 IT WAS A FAST , EASY , NO HASSEL PURCHASE . SAVED A LOT OF MONEY , AND I WILL DO IT AGAIN WHEN THE TIME COMES TO PURCHASE ANOTHER ITEM THAT I MAY NEED .
 This fit nicely as a replacement for the juicer I have had for over 20 years!Highly recommended without reservation
 I was simply looking for a replacement blade for our juicer . I 'm so happy I found one here for a good price !
 Champion is the best juicer in my opinion because of how long they last and how easy it is to find quality replacement parts like this blade . Additionally , Champion juicers can be 50 % less than other quality juicers .
 This is without a doubt the best fifteen bucks -LRB- back in 2006 -RRB- we have spent on a toy for our 7-year-old son , but it is n't a toy . It 's a highly functional , albeit inexpensive , metal detector . We 've had it now for 3 years and take it camping , on picnics , to the beach , etc.It will easily find something as small as a rusty staple , and will detect a railroad spike as far as 41/4 inches down -- very good if you consider how small the detection coil is . When camping , the kids love to find and dig up ancient tent stakes , rusty nails , and the occasional coins.Adjusting the sensitivity is trivial , just hold it away from any metal , and turn the sensitivity knob until the red detector LED just goes out . Another reviewer has noted that the three-piece shaft breaks easily , which did happen with ours , but a little duct tape goes a long way and this should n't stop you from buying one.If you get one , make sure to bury some coins and other treasures in the garden for the kids to find.PS It also really works great for locating studs and plumbing pipes in walls.Some reviewers have had problems with it not working . Make sure you carefully open it up and test it out first before giving it as a gift.It needs a 9V battery , which is not included.The price seems to have gone way up since we bought it in 2006 . Look at Target or for the `` Wild Planet '' version for the same product but less expensive .
 My wife dropped her engagement ring in the grass along a sidewalk path near our house yesterday . We spent hours on our hands and knees looking for the darned thing . After reading the reviews here , I went to the local Target and bought one of these `` toys '' . It still took me over an hour , but I did finally find the ring ! Now my daughters are using it to search for buried `` treasures '' in the backyard . I 'm amazed at how many rusty nails and pennies they 're turning up . This thing is great . Well worth the $ 15 .
 As noted by other customers this really is not a toy , it saved me over $ 500 in surveyor fees . I was trying to find my property points and after calling the local tax comission they suggested I contacted a surveyor or that I used a metal detector . The surveyor wanted $ 450 plus wathever charger and taxes they incurred in notifying the tax assessors . I went out and bought the National Geographic Metal Detector and found all my points within 30 minutes of searching . One of them was at least 5 inches deep !! That 's impressive if you think about the diameter of a piece of rebar -LRB- about1/2 inch -RRB- Now I can use the money I saved to build my privacy fence and the kids can set out and find treasures with a highly accurate `` toy '' .
 Its great . I found everything in my backyard . Its not the most accurate but it tons of fun . It doesnt go to deep but its great to practice with befor u get a better one . But this was the best metal dector and cheepest metal detector i ever had it was a great christmas present .
 Like the other reviewers mentioned , I lost a valuable earring in my garden , and had given up hope of finding it when someone loaned me this `` toy '' metal detector . It still took hours , but I found my earring using this thing and I think that is amazing . There was no way I would have ever found it without this metal detector . It 's a great toy , but it 's also a useful tool , and recommend it to everyone I know .
 purchased x-mas 2006 . Still going strong . Kids use it for ` treasure hunting ' and i 'll occasionally sprinkle the yard with coins for a easter egg type hunt . I 've even used it to find lost metal objects in the grass -LRB- screws/nuts/bolts -RRB- , and to find property markers . Handle seems a bit flimsy , but it has n't broken yet . Though I expect it will someday . The unit can be converted for handheld use , maybe for play/real security checkpoints -LRB- similar to a clothes iron -RRB- . Overall good buy . More powerful/sensitive than expected . Suprisingly pinpoint accuracy . I 've sold many models of metal detectors for nearly a decade . And a ` hobby ' unit that performed this well would cost 3-4 times the price .
 A few days after Christmas my daughter 's grandpa called me . He knew my daughter had gotten this toy metal detector for Christmas and wanted to know if I could bring down to his doctor 's office . It was after hours and a patient thought she might have a needle in her foot . She was walking on her carpet when she felt a stabbing pain , but looked at her foot and did n't see anything sticking out of it . She did find a half a needle in her carpet . Grandpa did n't want to cut into the foot if there was n't really a needle in it . I brought him the metal detector , and sure enough , it beeped when we ran it over the spot on her toe where she thought it might be . Who would 've guessed this little toy would 've found a needle in a toe !
 I bought this for myself because I 've always wanted a metal detector . I went to the local beach and it worked great . Have n't found a valuable treasure yet , but plan to do so the day after the 4th of July . My boyfriend was so enthused it was ridiculous and I had to struggle to get my `` toy '' from him and use it myself . I am 62 and he is 55 years old . We do n't ever want to grow up as long as there are cool things like this National Geographic metal detector around . I am impressed with how well it performs . Seriously !
 That 's a question my little guys asked often . So I bought this for the youngest 's 8th birthday . They have had plenty of fun searching the backyard since then . Net yield so far
 After building we knew there were a lot of nails in the driveway , this `` toy '' found 25-50 burried nails ! Now the kids have it to play with .
 My six-year-old loves it . It works well and does what it claims to do . However , I was dissappointed to see a clearance tag on a box , which showed this item only costing 14.99 and I paid a lot more !!
 I was skeptical that such an inexpensive toy would actually work for what I needed . It became necessary to locate the buried metal lot corner markers for my property . One was several inches underground level and this product worked perfectly . I was amazed ! It is lots of fun too ! I have found tons of nails & screws in my yard that I did not know were there and am excited to take it out in a more public area with my 3-yr-old and see what we can find .
 I purchased two of these for my Grandsons age 3 and 4 . It 's great the way you can make the handle shorter for the little ones . They had a fun time searching for nails through the yard . This is a great way to spend time outside with the kids while they are treasure hunting .
 Th8is product arrived in great shape very soon after ordering . The child -LRB- age 6 -RRB- for whom it was purchased immediately put it together with minimal help . We used it both inside and outside during the next 2 days . We found metal items each time .
 I bought this for my 8 year old nephew for Christmas . He took it to his grandmothers and found a watch by a river that his grandfather had lost over two years ago . So it works great . Have not used since with snow on the ground now . Ca n't wait to take it to our campground and see what other treasures he can find . He loved it ! I would definatly recommend buying this for kids . Not sure how its gon na hold up or work at a beach .
 My son purchased this with his own money . It seems to be holding up well and although he has only found a penny and a bunch of trash , he is happy .
 My grandson is now tracking the entire house and yard -LRB- through the snow -RRB- for metals , and he is n't BORED any more !!!
 Going out the door for our anniversary dinner , my wife stuck her hand into a spider web . She shook her hand , launching the engagement ring and wedding band into the wall and into places unknown . 15 minutes of searching found the engagement ring about 15 feet away , but the other ring was somewhere in the hasta , creeping jenny , catmint , azalea , and other low lying ground cover . I found the reviews of this detector , saw on-line that it was available at Target and spent $ 15.94 on it . Over an hour my son and I combed an area about 20 feet by 40 feet . We found nails , screws , even staples . My son eventually found the ring by sight , but we would never have dared to undertake the search without this device . It would have found the ring if we kept on . We tested on my platinum ring and it worked fine . I think my wife would have freaked if she would have had to sleep without finding the ring . Now that platinum prices have gone up , this $ 15 toy saved us $ 2100 . I do n't know how durable this detector is , but it is fun to use . It made a dreary yet urgent search more fun for my 15 year old son and myself .
 This is really the wrong time of the year to rate this toy because we have n't been outdoors much since Christmas . Might be rated differently once we go to the beach and exploring in the woods .
 THIS IS THE WAY TO GO . MUCH EASIER THAN WINDING UP THE OLD SPOOL WHCH ALWAYS GETS JAMMED UP.WHO HAS TIME FOR THAT !!!
 I could n't find this replacement spool at some major Hardware Stores . Actually found it at Amazon and ordered four of them -LRB- that made the order have free shipping -RRB- . Doubt if I will ever need any more but now I know where to go !
 This pre wound spool is easy to insert and use . I would not go back to winding string manually ever again .
 Th product is exactly what I asked for and it works perfectly . The company was easy to deal with . I was disappointed in the delivery time
 This works great if you need a replacement spool . Sometimes they wear down and need to be replaced and this does the trick . I usually re-wind my own string until it wears down . The price is right as long as you get the free shipping . If you have to pay shipping you can just about buy a new trimmer for that price !
 Product was as advertised plus quick delivery . Could n't have been easier , especially since this replacement is hard to find in stores .
 Items were shipped quickly & efficiently , and were the best deal I found online for replacement trimmer spools .
 Arrived quickly and in good condition . Since it is a part replacement , I have not had occasion to use the product .
 This was on sale and fits with the other item I purchased as a gift . It is a good fit with the weed wacker I purchased .
 The spool is sturdy and has a good amount of string . The spool did n't crack during use or come loose . The string worked as expected and did n't break off or fray more than it should .
 I bought the string trimmer that I thought was such a bargain and got the extra spool at the same time . Nothing about it to criticize .
 This replacement spool is GREAT . The bump-feed is cool , but eventually you will wear out the spool and need a ` NEW ' one . These are just the thing to put you back out in the yard sweating ... and the neighbors wives will have to keep up , so the whole neighborhood will benefit from your work . WOW , and I just thought it was a trimmer spool ... it 's actually a Community Beautification Accessory.Better get TWO .
 This is really handy having the line already wrapped on the spool . It makes it much easier to replace the line on the weed wacker .
 We have theBlack & Decker ST1000 9-Inch 1.8 amp Electric Grass Trimmerand these replacement spools are easy to pop out/in when needed . Have n't had any problem w/jams or twists , as I suspect we 'd have if we stringed it ourselves . One star short for the price ... shipping is n't free , it 's in the price of the spool !
 This is the correct replacement spool , which I ca n't obtain in local stores , for my trimmer . It 's also easy to install .
 Was very pleased to find this item available and it was shipped in a very timely manner .
 bought trimmer , but have not yet exhausted the original spool of line . Trimmer is excellent because it is light and simple . I am sure the replacement spool is equally as good .
 Yes , the downside is that you will go through these more quickly than some . I burn through about 3 to 4 per season for a moderately sized lawn.The upside is that this somewhat slender string will not kill and maim when you -LRB- inevitably -RRB- get your -LRB- or Fido 's -RRB- foot or ankle in harm 's way . It will sting , of course , but not slash and draw blood as most other gages do . In addition , the spool is pretty cheap , easily replaced , and available everywhere -LRB- no small point when you suddenly run out late on a Sunday afternoon -RRB- .
 This spool is a great replacement piece , however if you need more line & you have the time to roll out line Wal-Mart sells over 200 feet for only # = $ 3.47 . However you will have to roll on to the spool by hand which really does n't take that long .
 Got this as an add-on with the Black & Decker ST1000 9-Inch 1.8-AMP Electric Grass Trimmer because I read folks complaining about string being replaced quickly . Not so on the ST1000 I guess . I 've only let out a couple of inches in weeks of use . So my biggest problem is to remember where I put this replacement spool for when I eventually do need it .
 Super fast shipping . It was nice to be able to order this since the store the trimmer was purchased from does not carry the replacement spools .
 When I bought my latest Black & Decker line trimmer/edger , I also purchased an extra line spool . Over time , the bump-line type can wear the head of the spool out . Particularly when using around concrete or rocks . This may take several seasons of usage but it can happen . Thus , I have a replacement handy which I know will fit . I also can use the extra spool if I am working and do not want to stop to rewind the spool . I simply pop in the replacement and continue working . Then I can rewind the other spool at my convenience . As far as line or string trimmer spools go , this is an easy one to rewind ... single line as opposed to dual , and is easily removed and replaced from the trimmer . The bump-feed also works well .
 Ordering this item is so easy . I do n't have to search thru the local home center hoping they have the right product in stock . Purchasing it on the spool is so much easier than buying the string and then having to wind it . Good product at a good price .
 the spool is an exact part for the weed eater and I would buy again to have extra around to wind up cord on ... very good product
 The Trimmer is a handy size and works well trimming unwanted grass in flower beds . Of course , it is better to dig the grass out completely , but this is a quick fix when you are in a hurry , and the price is reasonable . It also works well trimming the edge of sidewalks . Of course , you need this replacement spool because you will find many uses for the trimmer .
 The design of the spool allows for fast replacement of a new one.About one minute and you will be back to triming your grass.The spool is a quality made product .
 Bought this for the st4500 model trimmer that has been very used . Did n't need the line that was pre-wrapped on the unit , but it was a nice addition - and wrapped smartly with easy to remove tape . Very easy to put on and worked great today when tested out.Note
 I love my new easy to use light weight electric trimmer . Having easy to change string just makes that a much better product . Terrific and not too expensive I would suggest everyone purchase this product to make life easier than rewinding string by hand .
 This was just what I was looking for . I had ordered it previously ordered it on a different web site and could n't find it . I was glad to find it on yours . Will come back and look again when I need this product again.Thank you , Sincerely , Linda Martinsen
 I love these spools and the black and decker trimmer . I despise dealing with weedeater strings and the hassles when they get tangled . It 's perfect for what it was made for ... trimming grass without the hassles of the larger trimmers .
 We had ordered the Black & Decker electric trimmer off of Amazon , and when it came time to order a refill spool I came straight back . It was a great price , it worked beautifully -LRB- I 'm always worried that refills wo n't work quite the same -RRB- , and I am very happy with the purchase .
 Its the same as the original blade for the mower . It is n't trivial to replace the blade , the instructions describe a great way to keep the current blade from spinning while loosening the bolt holding it in . The installation of the new blade is easier and again , the instructions are complete and accurate .
 This is the exact match for the original blade that comes on the MM875 mower . Although it 's hard to tell in the picture , it has the little curved ends just like the original blade . It 's easy to install , and even comes with instructions although it 's pretty obvious how to change it even without them . I had hit a rock and really messed up my original blade , so changing it out for this replacement blade made the mower cut just like it was new again.Replacement blades for these mowers can be hard to find . The store where I bought the mower did n't have the blade , so I was glad to find it here on Amazon . I later discovered it at one of the big box home improvement stores , but it 's just as easy to get it here and have it delivered to your door .
 It was great to be able to find the item through Amazon.com that was not even available online at the Black & Decker site -LRB- was listed but can not be ordered online -RRB- . I could not find it anywhere locally in any retail or service stores . As good as the original blade that came with the mower .
 I looked all over for this particular mower blade , and I should have looked at Amazon first ! It arrived in a timely manner and was exactly what i needed .
 This was the ONLY place that I found that had my Black and Decker mower blade . I checked all over , both local and internet with no luck . My shattered blade was replaced with this one and it works great . Not a problem in any way . I would recommend this to anyone !! Thanks Amazon !!
 This blade is an exact match for the MM875 mower blade.Got the item a day early and it works great .
 I purchased two of these Black & Decker MB-850 19-Inch Lawn Mower Replacement Blades , because my original blade was badly nicked and needed to be replaced . I was afraid I would not be able to find these replacement blades in the future , so for the price -LRB- $ 18 -RRB- , I thought I might as well have a spare . The old blade came off easily -LRB- remember to turn counter-clockwise to loosen and clockwise to tighten -RRB- . The new blade went on just as easily and my mower is good as new . Do n't hesitate to purchase this item .
 We thought that the lawn mower needed to be replaced , but the blade was just dull , dull , dull ! After replacing the blade , the mower powered through the grass .
 Blade works well and easy to slip on BUT you likely may have to order/obtain the surrounding parts which may well be in need of replacement as well . In my case , the plastic parts it sits on were cracked and prevented the blade from properly seating until replaced - time consuming if you do n't realize this upfront .
 I had almost given up on getting a new blade for my Black and Decker 19 in.electric mower , as the mower was given to me and I did not want to spend $ 40 to $ 50 for the blade and S&H . I checked Amazon and was extremely happy to get the blade and the cord reel both for 0 -- S&H , since I spent $ 25.00 , and less than the blade alone would have been . Hooray for Amazon .
 This product has a long story . My Lawn Mower 's blade was not sharp any more and I started looking for places to sharpen it and no one would . I called the support of Black & Decker and I told them I needed a blade replacement for this model number . They could not find any replacements . I called Amazon and told them the model number and they found me this blade . This blade was the match and with the instructions , I was able to switch the blades in no time .
 I needed a curved mulch blade but this straight variety was the only kind offered .
 You are supposed to sharpen the blade periodically . The manual suggests about twice in a cutting season . My lawn is so small that it may take a couple of seasons for that to be required . The real reason I call this my safety spare is that I am afraid that the technology will change before I need it . This keeps me from having to buy it on the after market . In the mean time it is oiled and hanging on the garage wall just incase I `` accidentally '' run over my neighbor 's pink flamingo ordainments and damage the blade .
 The new blade made a big differnce to how well the mower but . Quick and easy to install .
 Used to have a B&D store nearby . Now that it closed , went online and got it in a flash . have n't put it on yet , but it looks great .
 Hi folks , I recently purchased the B&D ; CM-1936 Cordless mower . Will this blade fit this mower ? Or is it only for the MB-850 ? Both are mulching blades and both are 19 inch . Just curious if anyone has purchased this blade for the CM-1936 ? The CM-1936 is a real beast ! Does a half acre on one charge - around trees and wet grass down in Florida to boot !
 The Replacement blade arrive quickly and i changed it out on the mower before my next mowing was needed . When I did mow it with new blade it was like night and day , WOW what a nice clean cut . The blade was also very easy for me to change . Good deal !
 We have had our mower about 5 years and have never sharpened or replaced the blade . This new blade is great . I will be replacing the blade yearly now , since the mower cuts and mulches much better with a new blade !
 Is a quality replacement for the original blade on my 9 year old B&D electric mower . Is a good fit and looks like the original .
 After some years of abuse I decided to buy a new blade for my battery mower . Problem is all the generic blades in home depot et al are a little bit too large.fortunately I found this original Black & Decker ; blade and it works great , grass cut so much better than with the old blade -LRB- even after sharpening -RRB-
 This product is exactly what I have been looking for . Sadly I was not able to find a replacement blade for my electric Black & Decker mower in Canada for for more than two years . These are several retailers that sell B&D ; mowers but do not have replacement blades . They sell universal ones that are wider and wo n't fit . Finally I found it on Amazon . The product is exactly as the original one.Shame on you Canadian retailers - if I can buy one of these blades from the US and the total price with shipping is what you charge for a universal one it tells clearly you are not good at what your are doing . If you sell a mower make sure you can offer replacement parts too .
 Instead of getting my old blade sharpened , I just bought the MB-850 and replaced the old one . It only cost $ 17 shipped to my house , so it really was n't cost effective to drive somewhere and pay to have the old blade sharpened . Now , my Black & Decker MM-875 runs like new . One other note though , make sure you buy the right blade for your mower . Some models use different blades . For example , the Black & Decker MM-875 comes in Type 1 , Type 2 , and Type 3 . This blade fits only Types 1 & 2 .
 Mostly looking to get this out of my `` to be reviewed '' list , but they are just as expected -- lawnmower blades from the manufacturer . They are the same as what comes with the mower . I ordered these as spares so I can send one set out for sharpening .
 Easy to install , seems to be cutting very well . Not sure about durability at this time . I would recommend it to others .
 In the land of riding lawnmowers , this was impossible to find locally . I had originally dismissed this for my 19 '' cordless electric mower -LRB- CMM1200 - now four years old -RRB- hence the vain local search . The actual blade length is closer to 18 '' . A true 19 '' blade is too long . The width is 13/4 '' with a hole a hair larger than 7/8 '' . This is an exact fit . Got it in a timely manner installed in less than 1 minute . Only wish it were slightly cheaper .
 I 'd had a used B&D CMM-1000 for a yearish . Old blade , nicked up , still did a decent job . The difference thus amazed me . I did n't realize how much I felt the old dull blade bludgeoning the grass until having the new one on -- the feeling as the mower handle is just so different , smoother . Also , the bag collector barely worked at all with the old blade , works waaay better with new one .
 No clue how to rate a mower blade . Mower is great and this is the blade for it .
 We bought this to freshen up our 10 year old lawnmower . It was easy to install and cuts the grass nice and clean . Good purchase that will extend the life of our lawnmower .
 The blade arrived in a timely fashion and was exactly as advertised . I would buy this or other products from this vender again .
 I really needed this product and no one in my area had this . Thanks .
 Amazon is the only place I found that carried replacement blades for my electric B&D mower !
 The replacement blade fit well and operated very well . The metal that mower blades are made of seem to be of a less hardened metal than they used to be made of , but the blade worked just fine .
 The local B&D parts center has these , but they 're packaged in about twenty square feet of Saran Wrap , which wo n't necessarily protect your hands , and they do n't include an instruction packet . Besides , they cost more . You may as well buy them at Amazon.com - since you might actually have bought the mower here , as I did . And when you install them , you 'll find that the mower performs like new , especially if you 're a more competent installer than I am , which you probably are .
 The blade came in , instructions were included , it was easy to install and the lawn looks great
 This is a perfect match for the OEM blade that came with my Black & Decker electric lawn mower #MM 850 . Super quick and easy to install following the included instructions . Noticeable improvement in cutting performance , but then again I had n't changed/sharpened my blade in 4 years -LRB- I have a smallish front/back yard -RRB- .
 Could not find this blade in retail . It is exactly what I wanted and needed . It was easy to identify and easier to acquire !!!
 Easy to replace ... The price was right . . and the shipping was great -LRB- it was hear before I knew it -RRB- . Easier to replace than sharpen .
 Perfect replacement for my B & D electric mower 's blade . Very reasonable price too .
 Why does this blade have a reverse bevel ? Every other mower blade I have ever seen has the cutting edge of the bevel on the grass side of the blade . Not this one.Why?A lawn care professional and the staff at three local hardware stores were not aware of reverse bevel , and can not think of why it might be a good idea.By the way - I 've seen this blade at the local Sears and Menards . Do n't know why other posters here ca n't find it .
 the hardware mega-store where I bought the mower only carried the 18 '' replacement blade - finding the 19 '' blade online was easy , good price , fast shipping , easy to install .
 Blade was exactly what I needed for my electric mower.Purchase arrived quickly and blade worked well in my mower .
 Easy to replace and the mower is cutting like new . Bought the cordless mower 3 years ago and absolutely love it . No loud , smelly mower and starts so easily.Would recommend the mower and replacement blade as needed for everyone .
 Genuine Black and Decker blade . The price is as good as can be found .
 This blade was an exact replacement for my Black and Decker electric mower . Fit perfectly and I am very pleased with its performance .
 I finally decided to replace the mower blade of a hand-me-down electric lawn mower . I had to look up online what blade I needed , but eventually found it and ordered . The blade is nice and sharp and works great on my 10-20yr . old mower .
 At the time I purchased these replacement spools the official Amazon description listed only GrassHog NST2018 as compatible model . I can confirm that it works with the new GrassHog NST2118Black & Decker NST2118 12-Inch 18-Volt Ni-Cd Cordless Electric GrassHog String Trimmer/Edger . The automatic feed spool on GrassHog advances the string without needing to bump on the ground . The benefit of this system is that cutting is easier as it constantly replaces worn out string , the down side that the usage of the string is faster than when done manually.I have tried wounding the string by hand and found it a bit cumbersome and a bit time consuming , so I figured less than $ 5 per spool is not to bad to save me 5 minutes of time wounding and dealing with jammed string . Each spool contains 30 feet of 0.065 inch diameter round line . It is factory spooled and is wound tighter than when I wound the spool by hand.To replace the spool :1 . Remove battery2 . Squeeze the tabs on the spool cap to release it3 . Pull the empty spool out by pulling directly away from the housing4 . Clean out the housing from debris5 . Make sure that the level that controls the spooling is aligned with the edge of the housing6 . Take a string from the new spool and feed it through the eyelet in the housing7 . Push the spool into the housing and rotate it until it feels seated and the tabs of the spool align with the holes in the housing8 . Put the cap back on9 . The string outside the housing should be 53/8 inches , if it is longer than this length use scissors to trim itCollage of two different views of the spools in this package attached under customer photos.Overall , I am pleased with the spools - they should take me through the next couple of summers!Ali Julia review
 This was bought when the weed eater was purchased so we would have it available when needed . It 's not been used .
 Have not put these new ones on yet but they appear to be the exact same as original . And the original works great , so these should too . Good buy A +
 what can I say , this is just what you need for the Black & Decker cordless string trimmer . Nice to have the 3 pack , which will probably last me a summer
 I have a small yard and these 3 spools should last me a long time . Direct replaceement for my trimmer . Easy to install . Better price the my local store . Not much more I can say .
 Why try to respool yourself when these kits are so cheap here on Amazon . Click in the new one in less than 10 seconds .
 I use these replacement spools for my trimmer all the time . They 're so handy to have on hand when you need them and much easier than winding them yourself . This deal from Amazon was a good one for price and convenience . I would recommend this deal to a friend .
 A 3 pk of these 30 foot lines for your Black and Decker Line Trimmer will last for years ! I do n't know exactly how long because we have n't even gone thru 1 . I just happened to be in the store when the salesperson changed a line cartridge , and I could n't believe how easy it was ! I knew I could do it , and I knew I could teach our son very easily.The Black and Decker 3 in 1 Trimmer , Blower , and Hedge Trimmer is a great product , and this 3 pack of line is worth every penney ! It will last a very long time!Black & Decker AF-100-3ZP 30-Feet 0.065-Inch Line String Trimmer Replacement Spool , 3-PackBlack & Decker LC3K220 20-Volt Lithium Ion Cordless Electric Lawncare Center
 The Black & decker Replacement Spool works great , when you run out of weed eater string just use these , no winding , just use this and finish the job.Works Great !!
 I recieved these on time and they have worked very well for me . So far there have been no problems . Easy to install . It Did n't take more than 2 minutes ! Very nice that three come in one package considering that it is n't hard to use up a spool in a short amount of time -LRB- a month by being used once a week on a 1/4 acre . -RRB-
 Replacement spools work pretty good -- Three pack is the way to go . Not using my gas to pick up items at Sears Hardware is a real big plus !
 I have the trimmer I bought in home depot but I can never find the refills . This is a bargain because you get three for a reduced priced . besides the durability of the product is good .
 The AF-100-3ZP spools are easy to install and work very nicely . In fact , I like everything about them but the price . IMO these spools should be priced at about $ 2.00 less per unit .
 The trimmer is very light and easy to use . It always starts and no need of pulling . The only set back is the life of the battery . Make sure at least two batteries are fully charged . Do trimming of heavy stuff such as edge trimming while the battery has enough juice . The rest of weeds trimming does not take much power to do it . Over all I am satisfied with the trimmer .
 These units are very easy to replace on your trimmer and the line cuts good and lasts a reasonable amount of time . I like 'em . I have wound my own from bulk line and it is cheaper but for a more consistant wind I prefer these .
 The Auto Feed Spools for h Black & Decker are so easy to use . No more tangled string . Just pop out a old one and pop in a new one ... Fast and easy . .
 I love this Black and Decker system that uses Auto Feed trimmer string . Very easy to install and no problems with the auto feed at all .
 I love being able to take the old one out and pop the new one in . I can change it in less than a minute . No hassle , quick and easy .
 Never had a problem with these , but they are way too expensive . $ 7 something a piece at the big box stores ... $ 18 I think for a 3 pack ... close to that here ... I 've not had much luck with hand wound spools ... so I just keep forking over $ $ for the convenience . argh .
 it is my openion that the prewound spools is a great idea and convient and the price at amazon i do not believe they can be beat they are dependable to work they feed out when needed and not one of 1/2 dozen has not tangled i tried 3 and in turn ordered 18 spools more compleately satisfied i saved $ 2.32 a spool from 2 other competors
 I somewhat agree with the guy from Vegas that this is a waste of money , EXCEPT that this is about the only way to get extra spools for your Black & Decker weed whacker . Note that you can buy a spool of 600 feet of .065 line from Amazon -LRB- Desert Extrusion brand , price is $ 8.80 for 600 feet in March 2007 -RRB- . Then , with the bulk line , plus these 3 spools , plus the spool that came with the weed whacker you can have up to 4 spools ready to rock and roll at minimal cost . Unlike the guy from Vegas , it takes me more than 2 minutes to hand-wind a spool , but not a lot longer , it 's pretty easy to do , my main advice being I find it better to not try and wind more than 25 feet onto a spool even though it presumably can hold 30 feet of line . Everytime I wind more than 25 feet I get a lot of jams until the line gets those extra few feet chewed off . Hope this helps .
 The factory replacement spool for the GH400 Trimmer/Edger is the way to go . I have been very pleased with the easy to load and use spools . I have had bad luck with other trimmers , but this one is great with the factory replacement spool .
 Works great , very fast service , better price than I can get locally !
 A little high priced , but nice to have three spare spools . Now , I 'll just buy string and respool myself , much cheaper .
 I have owned several trimmers , those with long heavy cords to drag along , others with gas/oil mixtures that never worked quite right . Then came the Black and Decker auto feed system . I think it is fabulous ! You just plug it on a charger and it is always ready for use , the spools could not be simpler to pop in . I highly recommend this product . Thank you Black and Decker !
 The product works fine for my Black & Decker trimmer Model CST1000 . I will order this pack again .
 Amazon had it cheaper and in stock where local stores did n't have it . I would check Amazon first in the future .
 Product works as advertised . The only minor problem is taking the tape off of it when I need it . Since I usually need it when I am outside and sweaty , it is sometimes difficult .
 Not really sure how to review this , its just your basic string trimmer refill . The only thing I can say is that this is the only place I can find these refills now , none of the local hardware or big box stores carry this anymore .
 I ordered the black and decker AF-100-3zP trimmer string , and received it within just 3 days . I ordered this from Amazon because I can trust this website , and know that I can receive the items very fast . Now you can order this same product from other sites , and you may save a few pennies doing so , but I like guarantee , don ; t you?I am a long time customer and will continue to be one .
 The trimmer line came sooner than expected and in good shape . I have n't had to use it yet as the edger that I bought with it came with a full spool . It 's great that I do n't have to wind the line on the spools . Good value .
 Cheaper than the local hardware stores and ships fast from Amazon.Buying bulk and winding yourself may be cheaper but its only $ 12 for 3 spools . So I decided to go with the factory replacement .
 Got for my elderly parents who constantly had trouble with self winding replacemlent line . Mom says this is a breeze to install and use . Kept one spool for myself . Faster and easier than stringing your own . Price is right for convienience .
 Got them in record time . Can not rate them yet as far as ease of use or durability as I 'm still on the original spool of line . Like having multiple spools so I always have one or more ready to go . I will rewind these when they empty , but have eliminated the urgency by having more than one spool to work with .
 It is exactly what I need for my trimmer . Deliver very fast and price is cheap if comparing to retailed store .
 the trimmer line works good , cuts grass well , and lasts a long time . The price is reasonable too . The battery trimmer is a joy and much more reliable than the cheap gas string trimmers .
 I like the item . It was easy to install into the unit . I received it on time . The unit works like the origional one .
 These are so expensive at Lowe 's and Home Depot , but I love my Black and Decker trimmer , so I buy them . I tried winding my own line , but found these a much better alternative . All come with a tape around them , so there 's a little less on the spool than you might think at first . However , I have paid full price at the store , only to find a couple of rounds fused together , which was a real rip-off ! These arrived in the mail in no time , and each spool worked perfectly !! I 'll order this again : -RRB-
 I got three of these in one package for half of what a local retailer wanted for one .
 This is my second re-order for these spools . The 18v Grasshog 12in trimmer came with two other items in a yard kit -LRB- hedge trimmer and blower -RRB- . It has been a joy to use and performed flawlessly . I have a large property and the trimmer gets heavy use . The trimmer refills have met all expectations and are highly recommended .
 it was very easy to install the string for my weedeater . it works extremely well .
 This product has revolutionized my trimming chores.No more gas , oil and tangled string ! Pop these spoolsin and go .
 This is hard to find in retail stores . Amazon takes the pain out of searching in stores and it is also cheaper than you will find in stores .
 When my trimmer ran out of string I thought I would have to make a trip to the store - which is over ten miles for me . Then I decided to look online and I found just what I wanted . No hassle and a good price . I will defiitely buy this product online again .
 Have n't had to use yet as I just purchsed the excellent B & D sting trimmer .
 The rest of weeds trimming does not take much power to do it . Over all I am satisfied with the trimmer . The trimmer is very light and easy to use . It always starts and no need of pulling . The only set back is the life of the battery . Make sure at least two batteries are fully charged . Do trimming of heavy stuff such as edge trimming while the battery has enough juice .
 I use my Black and Decker `` Bushwhacker '' electric string trimmer weekly when cutting my lawn in the spring and summer . These replacement spools are handy and easier to use than winding bulk-purchased string onto spools yourself . The pre-wound spools may be more costly , but they are hassle-free . Amazon sells these three packs at a much lower price than your typical lawn-and-garden store . If you buy two of the three packs , you can get free shipping and keep your string trimmer well-supplied for maybe even more than one season !
 - Quick and fairly easy to install - Seems to be of good quality - Only option I know of for replacements for the B and D trimmer - Too expensive as someone already noted . The retail price is even more out there so I 'm glad Amazon cuts the price in half , but still expensive per roll .
 I received the product ordered in a pretty reasonably period of time as I was in no rush as it meant work ... but I believe I ordered the wrong item as it did n't just popped right in and you were ready to go cut grass . I had to find the end of the new spool and threaded to the old spool and unwinded the new into the old and use it that way ... it was a lot of work especially if you should drop it in the process . But that 's what happens when you order the wrong item ... so I have two more spools to go and do the same thing with each of them ... I do n't mind as long as it cuts the grass is all I care about . But Overall I am ok with the product .
 We bought these a while ago and wanted to test them out before reviews were given . They work well and are easy to put in . No complaints - would buy again .
 I purchased my cordless Black and Decker weeder and also purchased the 3 spool pack of replacement string for it . I am happy with my Black & Decker Cordless Auto Feed weeder and also the 3 spool pack of replacement trim line that I purchased at the same time . Having a chain link fence enclosing our back yard I am free to take the Black & Decker cordless weeder where ever I want without having the hassle of getting any cords over the fence and also finding a plug in . It is great and the Replacement Spools will be handy .
 So far I have ordered the same Black & Decker 18V Grasshog weed trimmer replacement spools -LRB- AF-100 -RRB- twice and have been very satisfied with the process including quick delivery time of 3-4 days . -LRB- I am also happy with the 18V cordless trimmer - does a good job - but goes through 3 batteries to finish a 4,000 sq ft yard 's fence-line -RRB- .
 Easy to remove old empty spool and insert these replacements to 18 v battery weedeater .
 If you use your weed-eater as infrequently as we do it 's worth the money to buy the pre-wound spools . I think it 's a great buy !
 This is a refill for the grass hog , in my case the 18V rechargable version . I remember countless other trimmers that would jam up their auto-feed mechanisms , or , worse , have only a single piece of wire that had to be replaced every 15 minutes or so . This thing works very well , and after a couple months of use so far , have not had to replace the spool . And at the same time there is always sufficient length of wire to do the job - not sure how this one is so much better than other trimmers , but it is .
 This 3-pack is a bargain . It was so easy to change the spool . Not like my old gas powered trimmer . This just pops in and presto you are on your way to work . I particularly like the fact that with the Black and Decker battery powered trimmer there is no need to bump to feed more line - it 's automatic . Truly the best I 've ever owned .
 I have a 11/2 acre lot . It has worked great . I would recommend getting one extra battery -LRB- 2 come with it -RRB- for a lot size over 1 acre . It is great not dealing with starting a gas trimmer or a cord with an electric trimmer . It has done pretty well in the thicker areas ... not as good as a gas trimmer but good enough .
 So what did you want to know ? I started my trimming carrier with the Black & Decker Automatic Feed Spool -LRB- AFS -RRB- . It is just plug and go . I prefer my trimmer string to come from Black & Decker . This way I will not come unraveled trying to use some cheap substitute . The spools last longer than expected . But all good things come to an end and you do n't want to be half way through the yard when you find yourself strung out.Black & Decker CMM1200 19-Inch 24-Volt Cordless Electric Mulching Lawn Mower
 You need them sometimes , but better to buy the string and rewind them yourself . The savings if you buy the string and rewind are remarkable .
 When I saw the weed eater on the info commercial , I really hedged to buy it . But I did not worry about it if it was on amazon.com.Yes-the weedeater doed everything that the tv commerical says it does.Really easy to use and I like the two battery packs . My friend has a easier time operating it and he states that it is a nice yard tool . It is well worth the money spent on it.I guess I really like it because the spools just flip on it and there is not rewinding of string on the spool . I hate that-it never works right for me .
 Came on time so was able to replace the spools and get going in my back yard projects . all complete and no problems at all . thank u very much .
 What can I say ? It 's just replacement line for a trimmer . It was a pain getting the tape off of the spool , but once I did , it popped in easily and worked just fine.I bought these spools just to have a few extra spools hanging around . I will be using them with bulk line in the future to save some cash .
 What can you say about replacement string . But , in 3 packs , more economical . It is fairly easy to replace . Good product
 I used to buy single spools . Very happy with the 3 pack . Have had this product for several years and am happy with it .
 havent used yet but should be fine will use later this year thanks for the new item thats all for now .
 Very pleased with this trimmer line . I am actually very pleased with the entire trimmer . The entire spool changes in literally seconds and performs better than expected .
 This was exactly what I was wanting for my Black and Decker weed eater . I was happy with this when it came .
 The 3-pack B & D String Trimmer Replacement Spools is just what it says . Loading the trimmer is very convenient ; the 3-pack keeps me going for a year .
 This string is the best crap i have ever seen it cuts down grass like a ninja sword no kiddingi love it and i think it needs to be called ninja string!was that 20 words ?
 The item arrived on schedule , and was a good value . The trimmer line works better than the heavier line on my gas trimmer.The single line seems to work better than the double line on our gas trimmer .
 When I first got my new black and decker trimmer/edger I was a little confused as to how the line was feed , me being a man and all I of course did n't read the instructions -LRB- sham on me -RRB- . However after using it once I realized very quickly that it auto feeds the line and there was nothing I had to do but trim trim away !!! I highly recommend the Black & Decker NST2018 Grass Hog 12-Inch 18-Volt Cordless Electric String Trimmer with 2 Batteries over any of the none battery operated ones due to the cord being a serious nuisance when trimming .
 I really like my Black and Decker cordless trimmer and using these prewound spools makes trimming even easier . Good value , too . I wo n't go back to trying to refill the spools by hand .
 I am impressed with the ease of operation of the Black & Decker cordless trimmer . This replacement spool is easy to install and is a good value .
 In order to get a String Trimmer Replacement , I 'd have to drive 10 miles , and then might find the store was out of them ! By buying them on Amazon.com , and also purchasing TWO 3 packs , I am set for the summer ! -LRB- Have already used 2 spools ! -RRB- Will continue to get them on Amazon.com !!!
 I like the B&D trimmers since they are not the `` bump & curse '' type ... they actually work as advertised , no bumping/cursing needed . I get a 6 pack in the spring , to carry me through the entire summer season . The price is right , and the pre-wound spools show up at my door in just a few days . Not having to putz with re-winding them myself is a great convenience . I save a few of the spools just in case .
 Love this product . I 'm able to simply replace the spool and am ready to trim again . The best part is there is no rewinding of the string , or making sure you have the right kind of replacement string . Simply remove the old spool and pop in the new one .
 Very useful , nothing exciting , but highly practical.I do n't get through a lot of trimmer string and I do n't even need to change/refill the spool every year.So for me , this lazy approach to string replacement is a simple no-brainer . If I was using a lot more string I 'd have to think twice due to the extra cost over doing it myself , but this is perfect for me .
 The spool is easy to intall and locks securely . The string is tough and cuts downs high grass and weeds quickly and evenly .
 I found the string trimmer replacement spool , 3 pack , to be a great value . Replacing the string was easy and it 's working good for me . I would definitely buy this again .
 I love my battery operated trimmer and the spools last about ayear a piece . I do n't have a very large yard but it does get a good workout .
 I 've been using my Grasshog for nearly eight years now and replacing these spools has always been fast and easy , but read some other reviews and you 'll find , as I have , there are more affordable options out there if you 're willing to do some work yourself .
 This was an item frequently purchased with the weed whacker I bought so I figured why not . It got here fast the price was fair I am happy with it .
 Works great , saved money buying at Amazon.What more can i say they fit they work and this saved me some cash . RJ . Kerr
 We really needed this trimmer line and could not find it anywhere locally . Even the B&D website did not have any in stock . Luckily we found exactly what we needed from this company and it arrived in just a few days . Now I have a lot of trimming to do .
 My hubby was going crazy looking for the spools to his weekwacker . It seems like they change them each year so you have to purchase a different one . We went on Amazon.com and found exactly what wewanted and purchased them . We are very please and will come back when we need more . Thanks Amazon!Geri
 What can I say ? Without these , my weed wacker would just be making noise . Now that I have these handy add-ons , I have been wacking weeds left and right . My neighbors are not laughing at me any more , so I 'm happy .
 This offering hits the middle ground between the do-it-yourself method of refilling the spool and buying this same product at a brick and mortar hardware store.It 's cheaper to buy this exact item here than in a brick and mortar store . And you definitely wo n't burn the time that you would doing it yourself . But you still have to wince at paying over $ 10 for about $ 1 worth of fishing line.But Black and Decker has chosen the pricing pain point well.On the upside , the line feeds smoothly into the weed eater . It does n't jam as it sometimes does with hand-wound spools .
 Line has proven to be long lasting and cuts good with my black and decker cordless trimmer.Black & Decker NST2018 Grass Hog 12-Inch 18-Volt Cordless Electric String Trimmer with 2 Batteries
 These spools make it a snap to change the trimmer line and at $ 5.00 each in 3packs . I stock up for summer season . It beats winding your own line back on empty spools no tangled mess thanks amazon
 If this is the size and type of line your need for your trimmer , why not by a multipack ? As long as your trimmer does n't break , you know you 'll need more ; and you get them at a much cheaper price than buying one at a time .
 Simply - these reels are inexpensive and easy to replace and install . They seem to last pretty long also . Highly recomend
 I had purchased a Black and Decker battery operated weed whacker last year and did not get any refill heads with it . I ran out late summer and the local Menards where I got the whacker did not have stock of them , only the ones for the larger model . I asked Menards if they were going to be getting any they said no they were letting the stock run down for winter ! We all have fall clean ups yet !!! So I got my model # and did a search here . Found several quantity options available and the prices were very competitive . I received my three pack in under a week and I loaded it up with no size issue at all , used it and it works great ... no issues at all .
 This is a great deal for this item . The cost is significantly less than what these items are being sold for locally .
 B&D weed eater line - beats trying to spool it yourself . Not a bad price . When you run out , just pop another one on and you are good to go .
 Just bought these as the price was right for the quantity and I lovemy Black & Decker ` Grass Hog . ' Changing out an empty spool for a newone is simple and quick and i love that it just feeds line automatically .
 I love being able to order lawn care items from Amazon that are less expensivethan the same item is in our local store . I do n't have to pay s & h ; and it alwayscomes in a timely manner . Just plain love it !
 This is the second order that I 've placed for this product . Its very easy to load into the trimmer , and cuts grass and high and tough weeds easily . But , for what it is , a simple plastic spool and 30 feet of trim line , which i would think is pretty cheap to manufacture , it seems to me a bit expensive . And I should mention that Amazon 's price was a ` sale ' price as well .
 Purchased these a year ago for our set of B&D three yard tools - the problem we are having is replacing the batteries . The strings work just fine .
 These spools fit our HedgeHog electric edger . The 3 pack is a wise investment , especially when doing edging with the trimmer , as it eats up the spools quickly if you have a large yard . The item is very well priced online ! In a local box store it was almost 8 dollars more ! Highly recommend it .
 My string trimmer is a great light duty tool and works very good . I bought the extra spools of string for two good reasons it is much cheaper through Amazon than our local retailers and with fuel for the auto 's being at $ 3.35 / gal . this saves 3 trips to get the string and luck being what it is chances are when you give out of string the retailer will be out also . Good Buy from a good outfit to do business with -LRB- Amazon.com -RRB- . Thanks again , Denny
 Top rate buy ! Saved $ 6.00 off price they sell at Home Depot . I bought two packs so I got free shipping too >
 I purchased these spools so that I would have a spare on hand when the string ran out while I was trimming . I wanted to just change the spool and keep on trimming . They work great . I just rewind them myself as they run out .
 The only authorized Black & Decker outlet in my area is closed on the weekends , and closes before I can get there from work . Getting this product from Amazon was simple , convenient and no-hassle . Now my GrassHog autofeed trimmer gets the lawns trimmed up really nice - and also helps reduce some of the tougher stuff for the mower to finish off . When I put the last of the 3 spools on the trimmer , I will contact Amazon again . GOOD WORK !
 Got it in no time . Shipment was fast . No paper to how to install . Just add to put it in , no complication . Thank .
 Do n't need it now but someday I will and will be glad I have it . It 's a tough product and very easy to install
 It 's always a good experience to purchase items through Amazon.com . It was easy to find this product on Amazon . The product was delivered as promised . The product was what I needed .
 I love my Black and Decker cordless trimmer . It 's east to use and the TrimmerSpools are easy to replace .
 The Black & Decker string trimmer replacement spool was exactly what I needed and wanted . And I could n't find it anywhere but here . It was super easy to replace the empty spool because the instructions were very clear . Works fine and dandy .
 It was cheaper on line than driving to the nearest Store that had it in stock . Arrived way ahead of the promised date .
 I purchased these as back-up for when the line in the weed wacker runs out . As of yet I have not needed to use them , so I can not give any kind of review on them . I did how ever feel that the price was reasonable .
 To those who need spool , 3 pack saves money and easy to store . Never again will I buy just 1 .
 Have n't used them yet . Bought them as extra 's for my Black and Decker Cordless string trimmer . It is the same string that is in it and it is lasting very long . Imagine I will be very satisfied .
 Perfect replacement for a hard-to-find item . I was unable to locate these replacement spools for my older model Grass Hog , so I was very pleased to find them here . Factory wrapped and first quality product . Dropped one in and was back in business within minutes .
 I bought this with my B&D trimmer-edger but have not changed it yet . It lasts so this is a great value .
 These auto feed line trimmer spools work great with my 18 volt Black and Decker string trimmer . I have been using these spools since May 2006 and have not had any problems . We are now able to let our kids do the trimming , since this is an easy-to-use auto system that is light in weight and very quiet ! As a result , I have not had to use my gas trimmer for the last two seasons . The spools last quite a long time , and we probably use three spools per year with an average yard . I am very inpressed with the spools and auto feed system , as I did not anticipate that it would work flawlessly . Great product .
 I purchased these recently and the products were received as expected . I have used these before and they work well enough to get the job done for an electric weed eater .
 Product was exactly what I needed , and after I searched my local stores for the replacement spools , unsuccessfully , I finally looked online and found it at a good price at Amazon , Thanks !
 Black & Decker String Trimmer Auto Feed System Replacement Spool , 3-Pack #AF -100 -3 ZThese spools worked very well in my trimmer , I was happy with the price , and my order came quickly .
 Could n't get any better . It 's nice to have 3 extra spools of string for my trimmer and they were a good price .
 These spools take the guess work out of loading up your original spool with new line . Simple remove the used one and install the pre-wound one . An your off to work again .
 This is OEM replacement line for my B&D ; cordless string trimmer.It fits , works well , and is High quality.Lowes was at least twice the price , But , you still get to stand in line .
 Installed just like it was from the factory , lets out just the right amount , cuts through anything . . best way to buy more trimmer string
 It arrived as expected , on time and as described . Already used this and it works perfectly . It is a great product for the price . I would highly recommend .
 It is okay for easy reload , but it gets expensive fast as each roll last for about three uses in and average size yard . I stoped buying them and now just reload the cartriges with string from my local wearhouse .
 Spools last a long time.The line runs out rather quickly.When you need to replace you spool you might as well get it with line .
 The best way to replace your trimmer string . All you have to do is pop in the new spool and start trimming . Believe me it will last longer than manually changing yourself .
 could not pass up this price , stay at home do not go to store and use gas , while working in the yard here it comes in the mail ... this is the only way to go ...
 The ready to go Black & Decker replacement spools for my weed trimmer are handy to have on hand . The price was so good I bought two 3-packs . My trimmer has the automatic line advance , so I wanted to have the correct line with my trimmers specs . Very pleased with quality and cost.Black & Decker AF-100-3ZP 30-Feet 0.065-Inch Line String Trimmer Replacement Spool , 3-Pack
 The refills fit perfect and can be re-filled with 0.65 filament for much less . Good to have extra spools to avoid delays when using trimmer .
 Easy to replace . So far so good . The 18V trimmer is everything I expected.The line lasts along time if you just have edging to do around your yard that is just grass .
 I do n't tend to endorse products but I am more than happy with the whole range of B&D 18 volt yard tools . I started purchasing them last year and now own them all . Easy to switch from one tool to another in short time and with lots of batteries -LRB- some come with two -RRB- I always have fresh . I 've found that the weed-eater works well even tho in second year . Spools are too easy to use to bother winding my own !
 Simple and easy installation . Just thread it through , and snap it in . All ready . I am totally pleased with this transaction , and would recommend it to anyone .
 Arrived quickly , as all items I order through Amazon do . The only problem I have with these is my inability to remember not to unwrap the plastic to quickly which releases the tightly wound string and gives me a chance to spend a few minutes winding it back . But that 's my issue , not the product . Surprisingly long lasting reels if you 're not hitting a chain link fence or rough sidewalks .
 Product works as advertised , but the instructions for installation were a little difficult to read .
 Black & Decker has done it again with a great product , which performs well and gives your yard work a shorter turn around time . There is one slight problem , though -- you will find yourself using the twine faster than you realize . I have a relatively small yard , and I went through two full spools in a matter of a week . I mow once a week , high cut , and trim the essentials , nothing out of the ordinary . Maybe its just me , but apparently the length of twine is shorter than one would expect . A little pricey , but a workhorse when called upon .
 For years , I lived with a Black & Decker trimmer that required hand-winding of the line spool . What a fiasco ! Once the factory-wound spool ran out , the line never again fed properly . No matter how much care one took with the hand-winding , the line always broke off prematurely -- from having gotten jammed up . I spent at least as much time rewinding the spool as I did trimming grass . Then I found the model Black & Decker trimmer that takes disposable spools -- like these . They 're a godsend . Perhaps it 's more economical to wind your own spool , but if your time -LRB- and blood pressure -RRB- mean anything to you , disposable spools are the way to go . -LRB- And the manufacturer says you CAN hand-wind these spools if you like -- so you wo n't be stuck if you do n't happen to have a fresh disposable spool on hand . -RRB-
 Save yourself a lot of money by buying this three pack . One spool lasts me all summer in a 1/3 acre lot .
 Great product and was exactly as described for a great price ! I would recommend this to anyone who would like to have some extra string ready .
 this is a good value for the price since you need to buy string for the trimmer all the time . this 3 pack was a good deal ,
 Just what was needed without having to travel to the store for just one item . Black & Decker has good products .
 It is next to impossible to find spools to refill your own line . So I ordered 3 spools already filled with line and when they are empty , I just refill them with my own line . It was a great buy for the money and I will use them for years to come .
 I really like these because they are really foolproof when it comes to loading into the weed trimmer . Makes it much easier to get to the trimming !
 and i 'll buy 'em again , 'cause they work . And a 3-pack for less than 2 singles is always worth buying .
 Found this 3 pack at Amazon and was thrilled ! Locally at the big box stores , I pay 8 dollars for one spool . And yes , I have wound my own for less cost but a lot more frustration . I found this to be a good value for me .
 These refills are pre-wound , load in minutes , and worked as well as the original spool . Also they 're a good value , three spools cost less than a pair at our favorite home improvement retailer with the square orange logo .
 I agree with other reviewers . The trimmer works great , is light and the easiest to use trimmer I have ever used . The spools are easy to use once you get the packaging tape off of the which can be a real hassle . The spools do not last long . I went through the first one in 3 weeks . I have a medium size yard.Why bother rewinding the spools . The replacements are so cheap .
 It 's definitely not economically , or environmentally sound to keep purchasing these . However , it 's well worth a one time purchase in conjunction with some bulk line . Then , with a just a bit of time self-winding , you can always have four spools ready to go -LRB- assuming you still have the original that came with your trimmer -RRB- . Self-winding is not difficult or very time consuming . In my experience , if you do it correctly and use decent line , it will last as long or even longer than these machine wound spools .
 Yes , this product is more expensive than tediously rolling yourself but it does save the hassle because it works perfectly every time . Pop put your old cartridge , pop the new one in and go . It really is simple . Save money by purchasing the 3 pack over the single .
 I was a little disappointed in how quickly my first spool that came with the trimmer lasted , but that 's not the fault of this product . Hopefully , the manufacturer puts a `` starter '' reel in the machine at the factory and these will last longer . That said , the most important thing to me when it comes to reloading a trimmer is how easy is it to do that and then have it work right , which means have it feed correctly right away . This replacement spool did that . As always , Amazon delivered very quickly . I 'm very satisfied .
 Make sure you double check the model number . Dogs ate my first spool , these replacements fit perfectly . Great deal for the three pack !
 The spools are easy to put in place , feed great when you are working with them and last a long time . I tried winding myself when I ran out of the prewound but that was a disaster , it took forever to do the job , it would not feed the line and I constantly had to stop and fix it . The order from Amazon came quickly and I was able to get the job done properly .
 I have used my new trimmer a few times and am very happy with it . I have 2 batteries and can get all my trimming done at one time . It 's not as heavy as a gas-powered trimmer and I appreciate that aspect .
 I have found these to be just as durable as the high end compararable products for sales.You get 3 for the price of 1 here on line as compared to what I was paying at my local hardware store . I like to keep my yard very clean so I utilize many of these spools and am very happy with them .
 These spools are a `` must have '' at our home . We usually buy them at a large home-DIY store , but I happened to think of them when I was placing an order thru Amazon for something else . Same ones - only cheaper !
 Like most trimmers my Black and Decker eats up the string quickly , but these cartridges are easy to load at least . Good value when bought in a 3-Pack .
 I 've used this product before when I took the trip to Home Depot and was using it that day . The spools work fine . I thought I would save a couple of bucks in gas and order it online . What a mistake . I ordered it on 6/23/11 and today is 6/28/11 and it still hase n't shipped ! TALK ABOUT HORRIBLE SERVICE ! I 'm not sure if it 's AMAZON or the dealer/seller , but this is just stupid and a great way to loose customers .
 I easily get two years out of a spool of this string while cutting both grass and weeds on my 18v trimmer . It cuts clean and level and does not shred even on the harder stuff . On rare occasions you may just break a little of the end off but that just tears away cleanly on your next trim , so no cutting of the line is necessary . Yes , it is cheaper to just buy the line and wind it yourself , but for roughly $ 4 and some change it is hardly worth your time and effort .
 I was very pleased with the overall purchase experience . The price was good inclusive of the shipping - still less expensive than a local hardware store . The spools arrived early as compared to the online estimate and they work fine . Very pleased overall . Can someone now do my mowing & trimming for me ? I 'll be glad to loan my mower and trimmer !
 It arrived fast and fit perfectly . I could n't find it in any store locally . IT works great and was easy to install .
 Ideal for the people who like easiness . Pop out the used one and pop in the new one . A little pricey though .
 Product is just like I expected . Shipped in brown box . I ordered two sets and they came just as I wanted . Perfection .
 We attempted to buy these replacement reels for our Black & Decker string trimmer locally and were unsuccessful . Amazon offered these at a great price and we jumped at it . Just what we needed and we got it in a timely fashion . Way to go , Amazon !
 I really hesitated before purchasing a cordless Black & Decker weed eater , in part because of the automatic-feed string system . I 've owned my cordless Black & Decker NST2018 string trimmer for a few years now , and have had no problems with either the machine itself , or these associated string replacement spools . The price of this string may seem high , but Amazon has consistently beat the prices of local retailers . Amazingly , a 3-pack lasts at least one year of moderate weekly use . With this product , I can replace string in only a few seconds and with no cursing needed .
 This was the exact replacement spool needed for the black and decker trimmer . works great !
 I usually rewind my old spools but needed some newer ones . I really like to auto feed of this design .
 I use this on my 18v trimmer . It seems to last forever . Changing spools is a little tricky , but once you do it the first time , it really is n't an issue . Three spools will probably outlast the life of the trimmer - which I think is pretty well made .
 Good product , also reasonably priced 3 spools to the package . Buying 1 spool at a time is more expensive .
 This 3 pack of trimmer line is a great bargain ! Service from the seller was great also !
 i want to buy 3 af * 100 but push the wrong button , but ca n't change so i can buy only 1 af * 100 , waste shipping ,
 The spools came to us within a few days and they were exactly what we needed . Great
 the item arrived on time , in good condition and as advertised . it works very well but i only as of now used it once .
 I 'm so glad this was the right replacement part for my weed wacker . Thank you for your help .
 This is the direct replacement part for the B&D ; Grass Hog model NST2018 . I love that trimmer as it is easy to use and I do n't have to fight with a gas powered trimmer and all the problems involved with using one . This replacement spool directly fits onto the trimmer and is easy to change . The trimmer is designed to automatically feed the trimmer line and I did n't want to mess with rewinding line onto the old spool.For me the 30 foot spool will last a whole cutting season or more and it is just easier to deal with than buying trimmer line and winding it yourself . This is a good buy and works well . I recommend it to you !
 This one gets my standard short spiel for `` everyday '' orders that simply function as advertised
 This item came quickly and was an exact replacement for my empty one in my trimmer . It was easy to install , and the instructions were well written . Performance of the trimmer is as before , no problems .
 Because it worked , then so did I.My Black and Decker filled the skyWith sweat and smiles . I can move on , 'Cause now , I 've got a well-trimmed lawn !
 We have used the Black & Decker AF-100 Edger/trimmer for years . In having trouble locating the replacement spools locally , we were excited to see that we could order the spools from Amazon . Thank you for your quick service .
 Works ok , the spool is easy to install , but batteries do not last long , approx 15 minutes tops in heavy grass , there is no charging rate on anything , need to know this from B&D .
 Tried winding my own -- what a waste of time ! Buy the prewound spool .
 Fits 18V GrassHog Black and Decker Trimmer perfectly and allows in the field quick change out of tine spool with no unraveling , and no tools required !! We have used them with much success ever since B&D introduced the 18V GrassHog line . It is ONE thing we can count on !!
 I love my battery powered gear . I go through this string like water . Buy this product in bulk .
 So what did you want to know ? I started my trimming carrier with the Black & Decker Automatic Feed Spool -LRB- AFS -RRB- . It is just plug and go . I prefer my trimmer string to come from Black & Decker . This way I will not come unraveled trying to use some cheap substitute . The spools last longer than expected . But all good things come to an end and you do n't want to be half way through the yard when you find your self strung out .
 I have had my cordless Grasshog for 4 months now , and I tell you , this line and chord system are well engineered , easy to use , self feeding , and easy to replace . I have had no problems , and I do weekly trimming during the summer . This line lasts a lot of hours on standard city lot trimming . There is no reason to try and use a cheep substitute , this last a long time , and is made right for the Automatic Feed System -LRB- AFS -RRB- . Buy it here or any hardware store for around 6-8 dollars . A GOOD DEAL !!!
 Ive had gas powered trimmers in the past ... but no longer . . And the pre wound replacement spools are great ... although a little pricey they cut down on aggrevation . . and make the job much easier
 Definitely worth the money - even with the shipping charge ! With the price of gas these days , I probably saved money -LRB- and time and frustration -RRB- by not driving around trying to find the exact part I needed - popped right in and worked like a charm .
 They work great , but are a bit expensive for the amount of line you get on each one . For just a couple bucks more you can get 10 times more line and then all it takes is a few minutes to rewind the new string on the spool when it is empty . I did buy one of these so I always have a spare sitting on the shelf .
 The product arrived in good shape , on time and without any damage . . Am happy all around . .
 The AF-100 String Replacement arrived quickly and did exactly what was needed . I just ordered a second round after a summer of use .
 These replacement spools are so covenient . The original spool that came with my cordless trimmer lasted all summer . I have a very large yard . So much better than trying to rewind the line and keep everything in place . Especially when it 's hot and you only had 2 feet left to trim . That 's when it always runs out .
 weed-whacker line is one of those mundane items in our lives , but one that 's quite necessary -- especially if your grass gets out of control while you were n't watching , as mine does . Simple little thing , great to have it dropped at my door .
 received a weed eater from a friend . we ordered this not knowing how well it would work ... we were pleasantly surprised . auto feeds with no bumping . last a long time . cuts great . does not tangle .
 I purchased a couple of these as extras and they work as they should . I found the twine to be small and breaks often . I just have one full and ready to go with a bit bigger OD . I have 2 two 18 volt trimmers and both have plenty of power and have lasted long than the battery that came with them .
 have n't put this out yet because of the weather -LRB- too cold to drive the nail -RRB- but it is exactly as pictured and I love it . I have had others made by them in the past and they have stood up to our wild weather for several years before finally cracking .
 Thermometer is mounted in the chicken coop and the `` girls '' love their new `` guy '' . Seems to work good and is as expected . Came quick .
 There are probably more authentic ways to make real BBQ , but nothing any easier . If what you like about BBQ is the flavor , not the work , this unit is for you . Add water to the pan , chips to holder , put some dry rubbed pork -LSB- ... -RSB- on one -LRB- or all -RRB- of the four grates , light the gas and you are good to go . It holds temperature very well unattended . Adding more chips two additional times gives you all the smoke flavor you could want . Your friends will think you are a genius .
 I did a lot of research before I bought this smoker , and I am glad that I chose this one . I used to use a charcoal smoker to smoke my venison , but found it hard to regulate the temperature , and sometimes it would overcook it . I replaced the regulator on the Great Outdoors Gas Smoker with an adjustable one , that way I could cook at very low temps when I make pepper sticks . The first thing I made was venison jerky . I took a pound of it to work for the guys to try , and they said that it was the best jerky they had ever tasted -LRB- many of them wanted to buy some from me ! -RRB- Overall , the design of this smoker is sturdy and the temp gauge seems to be fairly accurate . I would recommend this smoker to anyone .
 I love this smoker !!! Talk about easy set up , and easy to use , If you have never had a smoker this is a GREAT buy , smoking is so easy and the flavor you get from it is out of this world .
 I give it 4.5 stars . This smoker was exactly what I had in mind when I went looking for a companion to my stainless steel gas Weber grill . It is difficult to slow-cook smoked meats in a gas grill . Not I can smoke it slow until tender and then finish it with sauce on the grill . I installed a T-valve so both can share the same LP tank . Seeing the duo together makes it look like I mean BBQ business ... I do ! The smoker arrived as expected ... in time for a 4th of July party with family . Everyone raved about the ribs and commented on my great-smelling cologne -LRB- hickory smoke ! -RRB- Assembly took about 1.5 hours and was simple enough . All parts are finished well and fit perfectly . Gage of metal seems about perfect -LRB- not too heavy but not flimsy -RRB- . With flat black paint and red accents , it looks like a smoker should look . Only reason not 5 stars ... smoker arrived with a small dent -LRB- cosmetic only -RRB- and two of the rack guided on one side had broken off from defects on the spot welding . Because there are upper and lower guides for each rack level , I was still able to use the smoker . I will call support for a replacement rack guide assembly . Also - and I not sure if this is a problem for me yet - I ca n't seem to get the temperature lower than 215 . There are things I want to smoke at lower temperatures . It was 105 outside this July 4 , so maybe that was my problem . The pluses are
 Put a few racks or ribs and a full chicken in the smoker on the first use and everything came out great . With the LP gas , it was easy to maintain a pretty steady temperature and the large chip box made great smoke for a long period . Great barbecue with very little effort !
 Even though this great smoker is now only available in a smaller size , I thought I would pass along some tips I 've learned while using this model over the past 3 years.This big guy weighs in at a hefty 70 lbs . You can save your back by moving it from place to place , partially disassembled , such as from the garage to the back yard etc. . The door is on two hinge pins and comes off really easy by swinging all the way open and then lifting straight up on it to remove You can take the racks out , along with the water pan and fire box as well . With these items temporarily ; y removed for moving , the main box will only weigh about 40 pounds , for easier carrying.Definitely put heavy duty aluminum foil on the bottom inner surface of the unit surrounding the burner , to prevent drippings and smoke residue from sticking to the surface . Also , completely cover your water pan in foil so smoke residue sticks to the foil instead of the pan and then dispose of the foil rather than scrub a smoked up pan full of resin after each smoke.Most wood chips will burn out after 1/2 hr . to 45 mins . You can get longer smoking times between change outs of chips by converting from chips to chunks , which burn for an hour minimum per a couple chunks . To convert over to chunks , you will need to replace the wood chip box it comes with , with a cast iron `` old mountain '' brand or similar , 5 quart dutch oven . These can be had on ebay new , for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks and come with a grate in the bottom . The dutch oven fits the smoker burner perfectly and it 's grate keeps wood chunks off the bottom so air can get under and promotes complete combustion rather than the incomplete combustion that causes bitter BBQ because of improper air circulation . I recommend smoking with all 3 dampers wide open for max air flow if using the original wood chip box . If you are seeing a whole bunch of white smoke coming out of the seams of the closed door , you are experiencing incomplete combustion , which leads to bitter harsh tasting meat if not corrected in time . Since I 've switched over to the chunks modification , I 've never had a bitter turn out . You should be seeing a nice thin steady stream of blue to white smoke . The video tape that these smokers orignally came with show white smoke just pouring out of the door cracks . The wrong way to do it folks . The final tip is to smoke in disposable foil cake pans and if using hickory , no more than 2 hours total smoking time if doing meat around 1 pound or so , like sausage links and ribs . Any more smoke than that and you risk bitter flavors . Heavier cuts of meat like shoulders and briskets can be smoked with hickory for 3 hours with no ill effects . Good luck in your quest for perfect BBQ!Edit 3/4/10 - This is for the people who already own one of these . I stand corrected - this smoker is still available and is now available through the Landmann company . Thankfully , replacement parts are also still available at 1-877-347-4557 . They also sell this exact same 3605GD model and for around $ 350 you can get one off their web site . I spoke with their customer service and she said it will be April of 2010 before they have replacement parts that can be ordered via their web site but phone orders are always being taken . More good news is that the replacement parts are still being made - they are n't working off a diminishing parts inventory bought up from the previous manufacturer of the smoker .
 After numerous years of bullet shaped smokers with miserable access to the wood burning area , water pan and lower level of smoked meat it is a thrill to use this smoker . It opens like a refrigerator so you have easy access to EVERYTHING inside . We have used it several times now and we love it . It needs only one boxful of hickory chips to give great smoky flavor to all you can fit inside . We ahve smoked chicken , beef , chicken livers and cream cheese . They were all outstanding . It cooks fast and evenly and everything stays moist , as it should . Clean up is easy too . I would n't take $ 1000 for my smoker if I could n't get another one . My sister is getting one too because she was so impressed with it . You will love this smoker . Why did n't someone think of this design before ? DUH !
 I have a few different smokers and this one takes the cake . It works great and is so easy to use . The holes on the smoker box could stand to be smaller but some foil under the lid fixes that problem . I would recommend this to anyone wanting a small smoker , large parties may be a problem due to its size .
 I purchased the smoker as I have wanted one for years . I read the reviews and chose the dreat outdoors . The assembly takes about an hour and an half . I smked ribs chicken and links all at once . The temperature stayed constant the whole time and the meat came out moist and tender . I would reccomend placing aluminum foil on the grease pan as it makes it easier to clean . It was so good my best friend is going to buy one .
 If you have a Black and Decker strimmer that the TF-065 will fit , then this is the baby for you.I tried an inferior third party spool but my length snapped and I was left with , what was to all intents and purposes , a spinning top attached to my appliance . Needless to say I took it back and got a replacement . Unfortunately this too broke so I returned it and got a third one . Again this broke so I decided thrice was enough and demanded my money back in full.I then saw that Amazon sold these official B&D ; spools at an extremely competitive price and I promptly ordered one . Thanks again for a swift delivery Amazon ! I popped this aesthetically pleasing spool on and before I knew it my borders were neater than my `` James Last Plays Elton John 's Greatest Hits '' LP ! In short this spool is for you ! ... . unless , as otherwise stated , it does n't fit your strimmer .
 This is easy to hook up to a Larger plastic garbage can , with wheels , and you can get a lot done . A must .
 Great addition to the shed . Makes short work of cleanup in the yard w/o having to empty my smaller blower bag ... kinda feels like I 'm cheating = -RRB-
 Very satisfied with my purchase of the B&D ; Leaf Collection System.Shipment was received in three days ... very fast delivery.pj
 The B&D blower/vacuum leaf collector works like a charm.You ca n't really do a good job without it.It saves time and effort .
 This is the 2nd one of these that I 've bought . The 1st was used w / a gas-powered Weedeater blower/vac . I trimmed tabs on the inlet pipe that connect to the B&D ; unit and it slid right into the outlet of the Weedeater . All this went to a neighbor and never came back.I could n't find another one locally , so thank goodness for Amazon and online sellers . The new one got mated to a 23cc Echo gas-powered blower/vac . The inlet/outlet pipe for this combo are both almost the same size , so they do n't join up like they did on the Weedeater , but until I find a better coupler , 2 or 3 wraps of duct tape work great.If you use a blower/vac for leaf collection and mulching , you need one of these . I 've used the sholder slung collection bags that come w / the blower/vac , but you end up holding a 10 lb blower/vac and then 10 lbs of leaves in the bag -LRB- not to mention the limited capacity of the bag and that you 're ALWAYS next to the dust that comes out of the bag -RRB- and you just get worn out faster . With this system , you can use any garbage can you want and the cover fits all of them . If you have an extra can and a helper , you can swap garbage cans and keep going.I ca n't comment on how this system works using an electric blower/vac , but I 'm able to collect wet or dry leaves and small debris and have n't had the hose clog yet . If the stuff vac can make it through the impeller , it will make it to the can . The 8 ' hose is a great length and if you can put the garbage can in the middle of your collection area , you 'll find that a 16 ' circle is pretty big . You can also stay up wind and avoid most of the dust . Once the can is 1/3 to 1/2 full , it becomes very stable and does n't tip over easily if you go beyond the 8 ' . But even if you do tip over the can , the drawstring that holds the cover on the can is secure enough that I 've never spilled the leaves.I ca n't believe B&D ; or another mfg. has n't marketed something like this for other brands of blower/vacs -LRB- especially gas-powered ones -RRB- because it makes a great leaf collection system .
 The product works good . But if you secure the hose to the leaf blower and the leaf container with a bunge cord it works better . The only problem I had was trasfering the processed leafs to the paper bags that they must be stored in until pick up . What is needed is a plastic frame the holds the paper bags so that the leafs can be blown directly into the paper bags ; that way you would avoid having to transfer or handle them again .
 This system basically completed my Black & Decker Leaf Hog . I had owned the leaf hog for a couple of years before I had decided to buy this system . It really does shorten this dreadful job , allowing me more time to do more honey do 's .
 Works as advertised . I use my B&D Leafhog to suck leaves into 30 gal refuse bags . Consider buying a funnel at ACE hardware to attach the leaf collection system to for ease of filling your refuse bags .
 I was really tired of having to empty the bag that attaches to the unit every 3-5 minutes . The BV-600 solved that problem . I bought a plastic trash can and I can wrap the cover of my new collection system over the top and secure it with adjustable bungee cords and it works great . I get to suck up and mulch about 10-12X the amount that I did when using the bag before I need to empty it over to the large yard bin . You need to have the leaves raked up into a central location , which is really not a problem , or you can carry the collection can along with you . But when doing that you can get tangled up in the hose system along with the electric cord and sometimes stumble around . I have stepped on the collection hose a few times and it is not handling that very well . The wires in the collection tube are starting to wear through the material of the tube . I suspect I may have to buy a new unit each season or two but it does not bother me all that much as it does work well and saves me a lot of time than having to empty the small bag every few minutes . It is a home run for me but I wish the hose had a more heavy duty material .
 Did NO engineer test this product BEFORE they sold it?I love it - But , only AFTER I had to fix it.The hose kept falling off of the adapter because it was poorly designed to accept the adapter . So , I had to drill a hole and bolt them together so they can not fall apart.The string mechanism could be a lot better - But , is usable.Overall for the convienience - I rate it a 5 out of 5As far as design - 3 out of 5
 Exactly what I was looking for . I was so tired of lugging around the bag and emptying it into the garbage can fairly frequently . This is perfect . The only thing I do n't like is having to empty the garbage can into the paper yard waste bags , but it is so much better .
 Not only the bag ended up carving a groove into your shoulder , but that with this approach , crushed leaves can go directly into a plastic bag that you may then dispose or take elsewhere to use as mulch . Good product !
 This is a huge improvement over original collector bag . There is a learning curve to attaching it to a trashcan but it was not too difficult . Glad that I bought it , definitely worth the price .
 This product , made for use with products such as the Black and Decker BV2500 blower/vac , works great , as it significantly speeds up leaf collection chores . I recommended this product when I reviewed the Black & Decker BV2500 Blower/Vacuum/Mulcher in a prior review , both purchased through Amazon .
 Just how I imaged I would have designed one . A huge time saver for full yard applications . From my perspective , a must have .
 Great product for those days when there are a lot of leaves in the yard . As advertised , create piles and this attachment you can not only get them up relatively quick but also using substantially fewer bags ! Now the one step back - two issues
 Worked great on a trash can . I put the can in a deep wheelbarrrow to make it easier . Putting cover on a can a bit tricky , but once you get the hang of it - you are good to go .
 The attachment is easy to use and allows you to maximize your mulching time . Attaching this unit to a rolling trash container makes it quick and portable . Delivery was on time and the condition of the unit was excellent . I would recommend this product and seller for future purchases .
 I probably bagged almost 20 bags of leaves using this attachment which normally would have been 50 + . It is designed for a rectagular/square trash can but I was able to get it to work ok with the round ones I have . It is extremely dusty grinding up the leaves . On a day there was no wind I was filthy from head to toe . The weather did n't cooperate much but I 'd do it on a day with a small breeze to blow the dust away from you . The product did its job well . I used my older leaf blower to clean this attachment after I was all done . Well work the money .
 I had an older model B & D leaf blower had hard time at first but once I got it on works great ! I put a plastic bag inside a garbage can . So I 'm able to pick a lot more leaves without stopping and emptying a smaller bag !
 I owned the first generation of this device . This year 's model has various improvements that result in stronger suction and the whole thing which was good before is better now.The first model had a longer tube and nozzle for the blower which fit me better . I 'm 6 ' 2 . I have about 40 leaf dropping dropping trees in my yard and this thing is a tool that makes the job do-able for an empty nester . If you have three teen agers living at home , put them to work . If you do n't , get this product .
 I bought this after reading all the reviews . It works really well . I just wish the topper was a little larger to fit on my city garbage can ... then it would be perfect .
 Saves time and effort . We have an Acre of leaves with garden beds and a creek . This is the tool to get the job done .
 I put a large trash bag in a trash container and pull the edges over the top then tie the B & D leaf collector under the handles of the container , this way it can not slip off , attach it to my blower/vac and start vacuuming the leaves . What normally took two to three hours , now took less than one and I did n't have to bend over once.The release on the pull string was a little tricky at first but after opening and closing it a few times I had no problems.Without the B & D Leaf Collection System I was emptying the bag almost once every few minutes and making a mess each time . Now once the container if full I just tie the trash bag pull it out and put in another . I highly recomend it .
 I hesitated getting this product because of the comments about the difficulty in keeping the fabric `` lid '' on the waste can . But I thought `` There must be a solution . I wonder ... ? '' So I went ahead and ordered it , and , when it came , went to W ----- t and bought a yard waste receptacle with a lid that could be secured with its handles . I then cut a hole in the lid just big enough for the hose , ran the hose through , attached the cloth bag to the can -LRB- DO N'T remove the fabric `` lid '' -RRB- , and then secured the lid on top of the fabric with the handles . Voila -- the lid stayed on -LRB- without relying on the tie cord -RRB- and , therefore , there was very little dust . I am very happy with the modified product -- it works like a dream .
 OK , I read all of the other reviews before I purchased this item and took into consideration all of the problems other people were having.Here 's the deal ... for best results , purchase a trash can with a square top , not a round top . I found one at Wal-mart for $ 18 that the hose cover fits perfectly ! The can has wheels on it , so it is very easiy to move around as it fills with debris . Also , you should utilize the little cord snap device located on the hose end that connects to your machine to help prevent the hose from coming off . Not one time did my hose come off , or did the cover come off of my trash can . I filled up 37 bags of leaves in my back yard in less than half the time it took me to fill up 22 bags in my front yard by hand !! The only downside to the whole thing is that the hose builds up static electricity while in use , and if you do n't let it touch the ground periodically , it will give you a nice little shock if it touches you . Just enough of a shock to motivate you to pick up more leaves!This thing is great , and those who have a problem with it just do n't know the trick . I gues B & D could have specified to use a square top trash can for best results , but oh well , live & learn !
 Without a doubt , the Black & Decker Blower & Leaf Collection System is the best and most simple device ever invented . For all those homeowners who love trees , here is the answer to all of your Autumn cries . Clearing leaves from my yard was as simple as vaccuming my living room , if not easier ! Finally , I can look forward to yard work knowing that it will be effortless and even fun !! Oh , and by the way your neighbor will thank you for cleaning thier yard too !! Sincerely , The Average Joe
 I ordered this product in early September planning ahead for the season , and received it the end of October because it was backordered . Now I know why ! It works great ! It 's a very powerful vacuum and when used with the Kangaroo container it 's perfect for what I need ! I bought a Sears push mulcher that looks like a lawn mower but is a dedicated mulcher and it stinks compared to this !!! Not only is this attachment at least 2-3 times more powerful , but because it 's portable , it 's a lot easier to use than lugging around a lawn mower mulcher . I can easily carry it to my patio , or anywhere else I need to do some spot pick-ups . Unfortunately , though , when leaves fall , twigs fall along with them , and it 's probably not the best thing for the motor , so try to avoid them . I use the mulched leaves around my flower beds and delicate plants when I 'm finished . Get it ! You 'll love how well it works . Word of caution
 I saw a neighbor using this and thought what a great idea . Since I already had a Stihl blower , I searched the internet for a version of this for my blower . When I did n't find one , I decided I would try this system even though my blower is not a Black and Decker brand.Without this system , the bag that you carry around fills up too fast and gets heavy to haul around . Since I bought this , no more stopping every minute to empty the bag.To install on my Stihl blower , I had to remove the special attachment for B&D ; Blower and it easly fit onto where the leaf bag would normally attach . I had no trouble using this with a round trash can , but it has a lip which keeps the mesh portion from coming loose . I also found that I could get a really dense bag by pushing the leaves down when it fills up and mulch up some more leaves . Since I pay per bag for pickup , this saves me some money .
 I have 15 trees in my yard , mostly oaks , so I have plenty of leaves to pick up in the fall . In the past , I used my leaf vac with the bag attachment . The bag got full -LRB- and heavy ! -RRB- very fast and I had to stop to empty it every few minutes . With the barrel attachment , I just keep vacuuming until the barrel is full.I have n't had any trouble with it flying off the barrel , as long as I 'm careful about how I cinch it on . There is a lip on all of the barrels that will accept the cord without a problem.The device is very easy to attach to the vac
 If you are looking for an item to replace a blower/vac bag , THIS IS IT !!! While my husband & I were searching online for a new bag for our Black & Decker leaf blower/vacuum , we found this leaf collection system . We found a new toy !!! The system works much better than the bag attachment and is very easy to use , which is something I look for being a woman . It fit our existing blower/vac with no problems . All you need to complete your task is a trash can & bags -LRB- which are not included -RRB- . Just place the trash bag in a trash can & attach the Leaf Collection System to the top of the can and to your blower/vac with simple ease & you are ready to vacuum -LRB- or blow -RRB- away !!! The system certainly made a burdening chore something to look forward to . No more emptying the blower/vac bag into the can , it 's already there ! WE LOVE IT !!!!!
 Mature Sycamore trees makes yard cleanup each fall a royal pain . When I saw this attachment for the B&D blower/vac , I had to try it . Yes , the dust is heavy , which is why you have to plan ahead and stand upwind from the trash bin , but the amount of time it saves is remarkable . What normally takes me 2 + days -LRB- 8-9 hours work -RRB- only took me 3 hours ... and that 's with a water break ! I highly recommend this product .
 I was somewhat skeptical but in a bind and needed to find a better way to collect leaves this year . I have a 200 ' lot with 3 maple trees , several pine and 2 birch so have leaves , twigs , needles , two different types of cones , etc. . I had read the bag was difficult to keep on but this one had a draw string with lock so it stayed on and able to pack a lot of leaves via black and decker vac/mulch system 5000 into the trash can using this bag . Was also worried about the bag breaking down/holes/etc . but did not happen -LRB- at least not after this use -RRB- . I hired two college students to help and they were impressed with how well the system worked . They could then just pull the bags out of garbage can , tie and load . They could also put more leaves in/more weight than I would have been able to do but you could control that by putting less in . ALso works a little better w/two people as one can watch/monitor/hold garbage can and the other one vac/mulch . Does a good job with needles also
 As I 'm posting this review , I see there is currently an issue which I can not address . However , I just finished my third season with the unit I have and I 've been very pleased . I live in a very wooded area where all the maples decide to drop their leaves all at once -- often on the day of the first plowable snow . This attachment couples easily with a standard large plastic garbage can and makes very fast work of leaves and small twigs . The resulting mulch creates an instant compost pile . My leaves are about 3 inches deep when I start . I find raking into wide rows is the most efficient method . The only issue I 've found is the air velocity is so swift that some twigs poke small holes in the hose -- nothing that a little duct tape ca n't fix . All in all it 's a great attachment . Just remember to keep your garbage can down wind .
 This hose/filter system fits snugly over the top of a waste container to catch mulched leaves blown from a blower/vacuum . Collection capacity limited only by the size of the container you choose to use . It works best with a trash barrel that has a lip for the tie-down to grip . It handled heavy , wet leaves well.A trash container on a set of wheels would be handy , especially on smooth ground like pavement or smooth patio . Otherwise it works best to use the blower function to pool the leaves in one spot , and then vacuum them up into the container.One small problem ; the cinch cord sitting below the barrel 's lip will trap leaf particles in quantity , which may spill when you go to slip off the filter cover from the barrel .
 Product saves your back . Leaves travel to can without having to unload cloth bag . It makes it much easier to get leaf collection done in a faster time .
 I have a massive amount of leaves to pickup every year . I have tried several methods and stumbled upon this product and I have to say , `` where has the product been all my life '' . It is so nice not to have dump the bag every 5 minutes . Just put a trash bag in a can and stuff it full or if you have a compost pile you could put it straight into the can . Really simplifies leaf pickup for me . I am going to buy another one so I have a replacement when this one wears out . Just a side note . If you are looking for an easy way to pickup leaves hire somebody . If you are looking for an EASIER way to pickup leaves buy this product .
 This is absolutley a great invention !!! I have a huge lot with a ton of trees . This cuts my fall yard clean-up down considerable leaving me more time to relax on the deck and enjoy the yard !! I 've recommended this to several people and have purchased 2 additional attachments for a couple of close friends !!!
 I really like this item , I can suck up 2 large piles of leaves before emptying the garbage can . The type of can you use-one with a indented ridge near the top of can all the way around will help make it less of a mess when pulling off the cloth cover to empty the can .
 It seems to be better than the original bag that came with the unit . I had the bag replaced and it lasted about two weeks then it started to throw dirt and leaves at me like the original bag . what a waste . now we shall see how this collection system lasts ?? Doug
 Pros -- it works once you get the bag on the garbage can.Cons -- it works once you get the bag on the garbage can.If the hose would easily disconnect from the bag it would be a winner . The hose makes it a two-person job to get it tied on as it makes the bag sag and hard to handle . Once on then it works like a charm . I think it is worth the money `` once you get it on the garbage can '' .
 Great product that I stumbled across when I was researching warranty and accessory options for leaf vacuum shredders . Remove the standard cloth collection bag and replace with a 10 foot flexible dump line , with a drawstring mesh on the other end . Put a liner in a garbage can , synch down the drawstring around the top of the garbage can/liner setup . Start vacuuming , all the leaves go directly into the can and liner , no shoulder bag middle-man . I could tamp down the bag three times before I considered it full . Cut at work time by at least 1/2 if not more . The only draw back
 This is a great product . It is a 4 '' dust collection hose so I will be able to make my own lid for round trash containers or even have a longer hose if I wanted to . It will be better than emptying out the bag every couple of minutes and a lot lighter then lugging around a collection bag on my shoulder .
 Yard work is always work , this product is n't perfect , but does make leaf collection easier . Wish the collection hose was double the length
 Many reviews indicated problems keeping this secured to a trash can . I received this item yesterday from Amazon and tried it out today . I attached it to a square plastic trash can and it stayed attached just fine . It was easy to move the trash can as I vacuumed piles of leaves under several of my arbors . It worked just fine , but the dust was a problem . I should have worn a face mask . It also allowed some of the mulch to build up at the edges of the trash can cover and fall to the ground . The bottom line is it works well but you will need to change clothes and take a shower when your done . I also had to rinse off the area around my pool from the dust and small amount of mulch that escaped from the trash can mesh cover . I will use it in the future , but I will be ready to deal with the minor problems !
 We have many - many trees that all seem to drop their leaves on the same weekend . Attaching this to a small trashcan has made it so much faster and easier to compost our leaves . I finish in a couple hours what took a couple days with the shoulder bag .
 handy dandy ... . saved me a lot of hauling leaves , all I needed to do is attach it trash can fill and empty . Just what I needed for the amount of leaves I need to deal with .
 Those hand-held leaf blowers that double as leaf vacuums are great but often have collection bags that are so small the fill in minutes . So this is a good solution . It turns any trash can into a giant collector . Of course vacuuming leaves is a slow way to get rid of them and it creates a lot of leaf dust . Plus it can be a little clumsy having to drag the garbage can around while vacuuming . But this device does what it says well .
 I 'm not quite sure why some people had a problem with this staying on the trash can . I added a stretchy band to make sure it stayed on !
 Unit works well with the correct trash can , it is a great way to pick up leaves and small limbs
 I bought this item because the factory bag that came with my leaf vacuum got a tear in it . I was n't fond of the original bag because of it 's limited capacity and weight on your shoulder . I used this item with a 32 gallon trash can on wheels and it is easy to use . To connect it 's simple just pull the bag over the lip of the trash can and pull the draw string . I have n't had any issues with the draw string like some of the other reviews stated but I could see how a bungee cord would fix the issue . This item makes picking up leaves much easier and quicker than the factory bag . Overall , I 'm pleased with the item . The only problem I 've had has been with the trash can getting knocked over when I get to far from it but I believe the issue is because the base of the can is narrow .
 Does n't stay on top of trash can all that well ... But best alternative . Unless you like dumping bag every five minutes
 Sure saved me a lot of time in collecting the leaves around my yard . All I have to do is blow the leaves in a pile then put the blower/vacuum over my trash can , attach it to my B&D blower , turn it on and let it do the rest .
 THIS PRODUCT MAKES SHORT WORK 0F THE LEAF PROBLEM.HOOKED UP TO A LEAF HOG IT WILL SUCK , SHRED , AND SACK A PILE OF LEAVES IN SHORT ORDER.THE ONLY THINGS YOU HAVE TO WATCH OUT FOR IS THE DUST WHERE THE LEAVES GO INTO THE DRUM . -LSB- STAY UP WIND -RSB- ALSO THE LEAVES GET SHREDED , SO THE BAG GETS REAL HEAVY VERY SOON.IT IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY .
 This item is well worth the purchase . It makes the task of yard clean up so much easier and enjoyable . My neighbors are envious !
 Splendid ! Far better than the tiny bag that I had to carry around before , hurting my back in only a few minutes . I now blow my leaves into a pile , then suck them up and its off to the compost pile , neatly shredded and ready to become compost -LRB- black gold -RRB- for next year . There are no bags needed . I like to shred my leaves a bit damp . This keeps down any dust , and the moisture is absolutely necessary to get the composting started.You do need to cinch it to the trash can tightly with the drawstring . But this is not hard to do.It is my second year with this collector . My expectation is it will last a couple years more , quite reasonable given the volume of leaves I 've collected with it .
 This system makes leaf raking almost obsolete . Imagine vacuuming your leaves right into a trash can lined with a plastic leaf bag . When the can is full , remove the filled bag and place it out for collection . The only raking involved is getting the leaves into small piles ready for the vacuum . This item would get 5 stars if the method of attaching the collection system to the trash can was better .
 Hard to say how well a trash bag cover works , but it is does make using the leaf vacuum a lot easier.My only negative is that it is somewhat cumbersome getting it to stay on top of the trash can that we use -LRB- Rubbermaid 32 gallon -RRB- . Other than that it is an excellent attachment for the Blower/Vacuum
 After reading a mixed bag -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- of reviews on this product , I ordered it anyway . Like everyone else with a big area to clean up , although the blower/vac/mulcher proved itself to be a great product , I quickly tired of the constant need to empty the sack . Additionally , after a couple seasons of use , the vacuum 's bag attachment started popping off during use -LRB- I did some homebrew modifications to it , but that 's another story -RRB- , providing another reason to look into the collection system . I really do n't know why other reviewers were having problems with round cans ; my cover worked fine on my 32 gallon round . Granted , it does take a little work to get it on and cinched , but once on , it stays put . This fall , I blew my front and back lawns clean with the blower and then went to work with the system to suck the damp leaf piles up . What a difference in storage ! Only two trips for the front lawn and three for the entire back and side lawns . This is absolutely a time and labor saver . I used to dread raking each year , but now I take care of the task in a fraction of the time and with no aching back and arms .
 THIS SYSTEM SAVES A LOT TIME WHEN YOU HAVE A LARGE AMOUNT OF LEAVES TO PICK UP . WORKS GREAT .
 This product is great ! Just attach it to a large garbage can -LRB- one with a lip is good -RRB- and you can collect tons of leaves without having to constantly stop and empty the bag ! We love it , definitely worth it - a real work saver !
 I bought this to replace the horriblly small bag on my leaf hog . The system works well and I am very happy with my purchase . I do have a hard time keeping the hose attached to the vaccum . The way its designed does n't seem to hold up to the force of the air going through the hose . Its not a huge problem as I made adjustments however the design is horrible . I have had no problem with the nylon top as others reviewers have complained about .
 I decided to try and make the leaf pickup easier this year , so I bought the blower and this accessory . This does work well and I had no trouble installing it on my garbage can . It is a 50 gallon can with wheels so moving it around to pick up the leaves was easier . Also this made it a lot easier and much less frequent stops to empty the leaves . The cinch tab should be better , but I was able to get it to work , and the hose did come out of the mesh twice . But it was not too hard to reattach and continue . That is why I rated this with 4 stars . I would recommend that they increase the hose length and improve the cinch tab on the mesh cover that goes over the garbage can . Other than those minor issues this is a very helpful product .
 I was skeptical but this thing actually works . I hook it to a 55 gal trash can -LRB- hooking it onto the can is n't the best but it does work -RRB- and suck those leaves up . I live in Old Town Kansas City which as lots of mature trees and therefore lots of leaves . The leaf vac bag filled way too often . The trash can fills once in the front yard and goes directly into the compost pile or onto the garden beds . Love it .
 I have the 4500 model of the blower/vac . This attached easily to a trash can I have . The key is to have a trash can that has a lip to it so the bag has something to grab onto . Also , the handles on my trash can flip up over the bag and help secure it in place . I did not have any issues with particles flying out of the bag as some previous reviewers have mentioned . My leaves stay pretty wet though -LRB- thanks , Ohio -RRB- so it may happen under dry conditions . For a simple comparison , the previous week before using this product , it took me about 2.5 hours to blow and then rake my leaves into 3 brown lawn bags stuffed full . This time it took about an hour and everything fit easily into 1 lawn bag . It was very gratifying to watch the leaves be sucked away forever ... just like my friend who was abducted by aliens .
 this is a great attachment to use to suck up the leaves . so much more done in so much less time . used to have the bag attached then have to empty that every few minutes -LRB- waste of time -RRB- . now I have this attached to a trash can and can get done faster !!! : - -RRB-
 This system has been a great help with large quantities of leaves , quickly reducing them to small pieces , ready for composting . We use it with a large , sturdy plastic trash can , which we line with clear 55 gallon trash bags for easy transport to the compost pile or the curb . It has saved us many hours and has been problem-free . We give it an A + .
 I had to pick up a small plastic round garbage can from Home Depot so the drawstring loop would fit properly , but does a decent job of bagging up leaves .
 I am a big fan of Black & Decker 's Leaf Hog blower vacuum . I am on my 4th one ! There are some things I would change like the power cord and the on-off dial , but the new model seems to work as well or better than my previous model . The `` leaf collection system '' is one of my favorite things -LRB- but could also use some tweaking -RRB- . First , the idea that you can vacuum , mulch , and collect the leaves directly into a trash can is wonderful . Save your back some pain and is so efficient rather than the bag that one wears that comes with the unit . A slightly longer tub would make one feel a little less tether to the trash can -LRB- and provide some distance from the dust the inevitably flies out of the mesh . The only poor feature is the manner in which the mesh is secured to the trash can . The cord 's fastener is not particularly functional and comes loose easily and before you know it you are spewing mulched leaves everywhere . With my old one , I ended up tying a knot in the cord . With this one ... I 'm looking for an easier to use solution . All-in-all , a pretty good product .
 Using a large 35 gallon trash can with the collection system speeds up the leaf removal and mulching of my yard . Using the small over the shoulder collection bag provided with the blower/vacuum unit is slow and a lot of work .
 Blows the leaves awayTo a much better area : My neighbor 's driveway .
 This works as advertised . I use a 30 gallon metal can . I put the large paper bag in the can with the top rolled down to collect the leaves . I use a couple of heavy duty bungie cords to assist the draw string in securing the adapter to the can .
 The Black and Decker leaf collection system is a solid product and worked very well for me this year , you simply tighten the cord around the top of a garbage can , attach the end of the hose to your leaf vacuum , and get to work . It does need a few improvements , which I discuss below in &#34; The Bad &#34; . The Good
 This product is a lifesaver if you have a lot of leaves . I had a B & D Blower/Vacuum with shoulder bag and it would take me forever because the bag had to be dumped every few minutes . Now , I attach the hose to a 45 gal trash bucket with bag inside and mulching leaves is so much nicer . Great job Black & Decker .
 The idea is really a very good one and this collection system works well if you pay attention to how far you are going from the trash can . I bought a round top can and that seems to work best , make sure you attach the cloth cover very tightly or you will be blowing dust and mulched leaves everywhere . Also , due to the shortness of the collection hose it is easier if you have two people doing the job , one picking up leaves and the other moving the can , one solution we found was to rake the leaves into one pile and vacuum them up from there , only took a few minutes to finish the job and I was amazed at how small the amount to dump was when mulched . Because of the dust flying I would recommend wearing a mask . All in all , compared to carrying around the bag that comes with the sweeper , I would recommend the BV006 collection system .
 I have a rather large , corner lot with a lot of leaves . This works well if you are not in a hurry . It works very well in a sunken contrete patio area that collects leaves , vacuuming it all up well . But for clearing a large lot efficiently , it takes too long .
 This system lets you mulch leaves directly into a trash can , and consists of a flexible hose and a cover that fits on the trash can . Product was purchased to replace a hose that had worn out , and is better than the original . The cord system that tightens to keep the bag attached to the trash can is more substantial than the original . My old one used to blow off every so often , this does n't happen with the new one . My local `` big box ' home and garden center suggested getting this online and experience was great . I ordered on Monday around lunch time , and product was delivered to my house the next afternoon . I am very happy with the product and the process .
 I bought the leaf collection system to go with my BV2500 blower-vac , and found it to be extremely helpful . Instead of using the small shoulder bag that comes with the vac , you can attach the leaf collection system to a trash can or similar large container and rip that leaf pile down to nothing . As I did , you will find that the shoulder bag fills up very quickly . Having the leaves deposited into a much larger container -LRB- 32-gallon trash can or similar -RRB- saves an immense amount of time.I did not experience the difficulty that some did when attaching the leaf collection system to the trash can ; it just takes a little patience and you must be sure to secure it tightly.If you are purchasing a B&D ; blower-vac , I would highly recommend this as an addition .
 I purchased this after I received my Black and Decker LeafHog Blower/vacuum . The bag that came with it filled quickly . I have a large yard that is mostly wooded . I have to say that I had to work with it for a while before I got a good technique down for fastening the cover to my trash can but once I did I was very pleased . It did blow off the can the first couple of times but cinching the drawcord extra tight about 6 inches down the can seemed to help . The trash can i used was a rubbermaid wheeled version that has a `` lip '' under which I could pull the draw string tight . It was a real time saver . Dust does fly out the top of the mesh covering and I widh the hose has been longer . If you are blowing the leaves into a huge pile so you do n't have to move much as you mulch it works fine.I am trying to figure out a way to use it with the Toro I bought to replace the Black and Decker leaf vac that spontaneously quit working .
 works with any blower with a round discharge end.Far better than the bag supplied with blowers as it triples capacity before haveing to empty
 I have been using the Leaf blower/vac for years and using the canvas bag that you have to lug around . This product is so great ! Instead of hauling around a heavy bag of leaves , this goes over your garbage can!EXCELLENT !!
 First the bad
 This system is fantastic compared to the shoulder bag . Like some of the other reviews have mentioned the fabric cover is made for a square garbage can . Once you get the cover secured over the can and with a little practice removing and replacing it becomes a 1 minute job.I have a large yard with many trees so mixed in with my leaves I usually have plenty of sticks . While the my leaf vacuum does a good job of chewing them up they got to be a little much for the tube on this product . I punched a couple holes in it , but those were patched with duct tape . I would go easy on the amount of stick you suck up , but other than that this is a fantastic product .
 This product works as expected . The only thing I might change is if it were to have an elastic cord on it because it does take some time attaching it to a trash can , but it works great once you get that on there .
 This product is a lifesaver for a person who needs to remove leaves on his or her own . I discovered soon after receiving the product that it would n't fit our industrial-type can provided by our garbage collection service -LRB- who also removes lawn waste -RRB- . I purchased a standard-sized garbage can on wheels to cart around the yard when I 'm removing leaves.I also discovered that the cord is next to impossible to put on the can by oneself -- unless you turn the can on its side and shirr the cord on that way . Much easier ! One person truly can do this himself!I blew the leaves into piles , as other reviewers mentioned , and then rolled the garbage can around until I had collected all the leaves . Switching out the bags is pretty quick if you use the can-on-side method of reattaching the collection system to your garbage can . Keep in mind that the system mulches the leaves ; therefore , you can either reuse them as mulch in your yard OR put the bags out for collection -- and there 'll be much fewer bags !
 the fabric can cover is the weakest link in the design of the leal collection system , its important to keep the fabric dry after use and not to get it too twisted while in use ; the last one we had laste about 3 years but probably would have lasted much longer if i followed my own advice . we used this with the flowtron mulcher to really reduce the leaf bulkFlowtron LE-900 The Ultimate Mulcher 8 Amp Electric Leaf Shredder
 Basically , it 's much easier than emptying the standard leaf bag that comes with the leaf vacuum . I did n't have too much trouble keeping it attached to the top of a garbage container . I used the bungee cord suggestion submitted by another reviewer What i had problems with was connecting the hose to the fabric covering that goes OVER the container . Plus , I realized early on that it 's a good idea if you can face the container away from you while vacuuming , as the dusty air flies out of the top of the cover .
 I purchased the Leaf Hog last year and was very impressed with it . It helped reduce the time to take care of leaves from about 80 hours of work to about 35 hours and my back did n't hurt nearly as much last year . This year I tried out the Leaf Collection system as much of the time I spent last year was dumping out the leaf collection bag to mulch more until the garbage can was full . On this go around I had 4 - 55 gallon garbage cans and started mulching the big piles I had . I would just mulch until a can was full , move the fabric over to the next can and continue . This sped up my time to finishing in under 20 hours this year.I would highly recommend it if you need to mulch more than a single bag full . It saved a ton of time for me and I have no doubt it can do the same for you .
 Works better than I had imagined it would . The bag that accompanies the leaf vac is way too small ; this attachment helps you easily fill yard-waste bags faster . Suggest using with a 20-gal . or 30-gal . rubbish bin . Then just dump into paper yard-waste bag . The hose tends to NOT sit as upright as in the photo , however .
 I am not a `` handy '' person and have been lugging the leaf vacuum and bag for several year . Being able to blow the leaves directly into a large leaf bag made the whole process much more managable for me . This is a great source of winter mulch and is easily moved to the bed where it is needed .
 This vacuums or blows the leaves . It does just as it advertised with the exception that the leaves are not as mulched as advertised but considerably better than whole . I bought the trash can top but find the bag more convenient . Good purchase
 Our garden at home is huge , and we have lots of big trees . In the autumn holidays I get pocket-money for clearing away the leaves on the lawn . My dad has always had a Fu-qing Blower but now has the Black & Decker BV-006 Blower/Vacuum Leaf Collection System , and my life is so much easier ! Forget the Fu-qing Blower ... the Black & Decker BV-006 Blower/Vacuum Leaf Collection System rocks my leaf collecting world .
 Once you get the hang of it , this attachment can be very handy . However , I would n't suggest using it if you 're trying to vacuum leaves by yourself . It 's been a two-person effort , even using this.We tried using it with the large paper lawn waste bags , at first held within two different large trash cans we have . Neither was a good fit for the paper bag , so a lot of leaf mulch missed it 's mark . The drawstring of the mesh bag did n't fit snugly around either of the garbage containers . Then we went and got a simple trash bag holder frame -LRB- metal , X-shaped -RRB- from the Container Store to use . We placed the paper yard waste bag in it , attached the drawstring around the holder , and we were good to go . It was a much better fit than it was around either of the garbage cans.The only caveat to this is that when you put a new bag in , you need to make sure the end of the vacuum tube is located well within the bag the mulch needs to go into , which tends to collapse on itself . Once you get some mulch in and get the bag started , it works really well . And we 'd also strongly advise wearing a mask -LRB- like a surgical mask -RRB- and safety goggles when using this . A LOT of dust is kicked up while the leaves are being mulched , and some of it does come through the mesh bag due to the airflow it needs to have to work properly.But overall , this has worked pretty well for us . About 25 thirty -LRB- ? -RRB- - gallon bags of leaves later , and we 're happy with it !
 The trash can attachment for the leaf hog is an invaluable investment . It attaches simply to any trash can and puts everything into the can in one step , you do n't have to empty , or carry the vacuum bag . The mesh trash can cover vents the dust and dirt so you should wear a mask . I did find the attachment for the vent hose detaching from the fitting , however , it is made so you can unscrew the coupling and then reattach it with the two screws in a more secure manner . So , this is the only problem I have encountered , otherwise , it is a great aid to simple cleanup for leaves , grass , twigs , etc. .
 This item was reasonablly priced , arrived quickly and my husband just loves it . It makes cleaning up the leaves so much easier . We just put a big bag in the garbage can pop this on top of the can , attach this the the leaf blower vacuum and suck up those leaves . You do n't have to stop and empty the bag on the blower every 15 minutes and even better you do n't have to carry that weight around on your back and shoulder . I recommend this to everyone . I might even purchase another one for my sister and her husband .
 With a very easy modification , I was able to use this on my Craftsman Gas Leaf Blower . The fitting that attaches to the leaf blower has a tab -LRB- s -RRB- for the Black and Decker Blowers . By removing the tab -LRB- s -RRB- with a small saw or sharp knife , it now fits my Craftsman blower . I have plastic square garbage cans and the unit fit fine . I had to make sure the string tie was below the bottom edge of where the lid snaps on . Creates lots of fine dust during the process of multching ... So obviously stand up wind : -RRB-
 This BV-006 is a great accessory to a good B & D electric blower . Preferably it is ideal for your smaller jobs , but if you have patience and a bigger job ... it should be no problem either . Lawn work is a pain , but using this can only help . I have yet to experience any trash attachment fastening issues.So far I can only say it has exceeded my expectations .
 I purchased this product for my husband , who is now out of the country . Looks easy to use and I think he will be thrilled with the product .
 I connect the fabic top to a paper yard waste bag with a plasic sleeve insert . The insert is rigid with a funnel top that made filling the bag easier when doing it by hand . The fabic top fits over the top of the funnel and does n't accidently come off . I believe thats because there 's enough air flow between the sleeve and the paper bag it reduces the pressure . Only problem is that this is really a 2 person job -LRB- one to hold the bag and one to vaccuum -RRB- , but that still better than emptying the small vaccuum bag every 5 minutes .
 I am 5 ' 2 '' so it is a little ackward but it works great - sucks up and contains everything my blower/vac picks up . I have gone from thinking I have to get rid of the blower to wondering what can I use it on now .
 This has to be the greatest invention ever . I used to have to empty the bag about ever 5-10 minutes , and now can do most of the back yard , and just have to rinse off the bag - it fits over any size can , and tightens with a drawstring . The adaptors are for a Black and Decker blower , I had to order a bag end from YardMan and fit it to the hose .
 This is the second Black & Decker BV-006 Blower/Vacuum Leaf Collection System I have purchased . The first one came from a box store , five years ago , ... but now none of the stores carry them , and I was happy to see them at Amazon for $ 29.00 . This attachment connect to the B&D ; Vacuum by hose , and the other end connects to your trash can through a bonnet which fits on the top of the trash can . You suck up the leaves and it grinds them up in the vac and sends them directly into your trash can . The leaves are ground so small you wind up using fewer trash can , or trash bags every time.It is a real time saver , ... and a real back saver
 This product I have used for about the last ten years . My original flex hose failed about two years ago after 8 years of service . The plastic finally split between the wires and had to be retired . The second hose / trash can fabric cover lasted just two years as I stepped squarely on the hose and squashed the flex wire and tore the plastic hose . I did not replace it until this Fall when I needed a new hose , Amazom came to the rescue with quick delivery and a good price . I was able to move out about 12 bags of leaves for the recycle people to pick up on their scheduled pickup date . It was before the wet/snow season in late November . Thanks , Amazon .
 This is the 3rd leaf collector I have had , wearing out the other two . This is the best system for us . We have 11/2 acres of leaves to clean up which includes a lot of bushes . The leaves get stuck in the bushes so I use the blower to get them in the grass in a pile and pick them up with the vacuum which deposits them into our trash can . I have plastic bags in the trash can that I just switch out when full . The fact that the vacuum also mulches them , is a definite plus - savings us many plastic bags .
 This is a great product as long as the leaves are not damp . Top fits well over the trash can . A bit awkward to assemble , but once you are past that , the product is great !
 Lets you pick up more leafs into a trash can instead of the bag that comes with the leaf blower . Works great .
 The bag on the leaf vacuum is not really big enough for the piles of leaves I have , so getting this product to dump the leaves directly into the trash can seemed like a great solution.The only issue I had was that the top did n't stay on the trash can well due to the air pressure . This was easily solved with six cheap spring clips I got at the hardware store . Problem solved ! With a trash bag in the trash can , and the clips holding the top together , it works very well .
 This leaf collection system was so simple to use and really helped collect our leaves . I do not think it was faster than raking but it sure saved our backs and our arms .
 Item works all right , but there is some leakage around the handle of the trash can . It collects many more leaves than the bag attachment , making vacuuming easier . I think that including the attachment adapters was a waste , since my blower/vac is a Black & Decker .
 I tried the product the day I got it and was very satisfied with the job it did however , like a review I read before I ordered it the hose is made with very cheap , thin plastic . Within 15 minutes of using it , a twig poked thru the plastic . I guess I will have to start wrapping it in duct tape to toughen it up .
 Had lost the origional one when I bought a replacement . This really helps with vacuuming up leaves . Now if they can make big enough trash bags the job would be complete .
 On balance , I am very happy with this thing.It beats using that bag that you have to sling over your shoulder . By connecting this thing to a 33Gal can with a liner , one bagful is the equivalent of 3-4 loads from the shoulder bag . That saves a lot of time , and saves my back.Here is why I am not giving it five stars
 This item was better than I could have imagined . It cut our leaf clean up time by at least 50 % . I used it with the mulch/leaf blower and the leaves were mulched as they were vacumed into the bag . We used less bags as they were compacted as they were vacumed . I would absolutely recommend this product . It is however , a two person job . My husband used the blower/vacumm and I moved the garbage can along . The job went much faster as a result .
 This IS a great invention and I DO love it but ... the drawstring tab.I would love it to be a open or close lock -LRB- like a vacuum seal canister -RRB- because a female does n't have the strength to move the little latch in it , -LRB- a real nail breaker -RRB- . Solution is to tie to the end of the drawstrings a paint can opener . That little crooked tip is just right to lock the tab . AND LOCK IT YOU MUST or you will be covered in fine dust and leaves when it blows off with 230MPH air going.Second problem . That white balloon bag will fill ALL the way to the top where it meets the black hose . And it will do it without losing ANY of the 230MPH suction ! Great right ? Except that when you get it that full the black hose comes unthreaded from the white bag and blows fine dust and leaves all over you again . I do the neighbors leave now!OKAY , I 'VE REFINED THE TECHNIQUE . If you have a LOT of leaves like me , get yourself a Rubbermaid 45 gallon square trash can on wheels . This kind has a thin neck of vinyl where the lid fits down on the can . That neck is 73 inches around . You can stretch this white balloon leaf collector over that thin neck and buy one of the heavy duty rubber bands to hold it on , 1 inch wide will do , and the Rubbermaid has a long lip - front and rear to help hold it there . Or I use 4 TARP CLIPS on each corner . NOW you can do 6 days work in 5 hours.WARNING ; Just be careful about the 4 inch round x 15-20 feet ? long black hose dragging along the ground . There are wire rings inside that hose every inch to keep it from being torn up . BUT , this much CONTINUOUS work WILL create an electrical static charge and give you quite a ZAP . So keep touching the trash can before grabbing the hose . Since you can now roll the can 6 feet and suck up leaves for 6 feet - you tend to forget . Not rock n ' roll , but suck n ' roll !! The wheels makes it nice to roll to the backyard and put that FREE mulch around your plants . If you 've got red clay like me , or any soil that needs amending , your gon na want a B&D ; 18V Cordless Garden Cultivator GC818 to work those dry mulch leaves into your dirt.Amazon has the worlds best deals . A B&D ; trimmer was going to cost me $ 99 . Amazon had a deal with Cordless Trimmer/Cordless Broom/Cordless Hedge Trimmer , a 3 unit 18V battery charger , with 3 arms to hold the 3 tools , and 3 18V batteries . ALL FOR $ 190 DELIVERED ! No shipping no tax - DAMN!I tryed to get this at B&D ; and they said `` NO WAY CAN WE COMPETE WITH AMAZON '' . The batteries alone cost $ 33 so do the math . B&D ; has about 10 18v cordless tools . Some tools you get 2 batteries . So with all these batteries , soon as I `` hear '' the tool reduce in speed , I switch to a `` fresh '' one . You want to expend it a little , but not drained , so you 'll get a full charge in 3 hours . I wear a yard apron with BIG pockets . One battery in the tool and 2 fresh in my right pockets.When the 3 are used - go put them in the chargers and get 3 more.Takes less time that dragging a cord around all day . -LRB- Being a tool geek , I number and date each battery -RRB- . The 3 oldest ones are the old technology , so I use them last and leave them plugged in till bedtime . Just because you do n't have to drag out 150 feet of cord , -LRB- and wind it up to put away -RRB- you grab these tools OFTEN for touchups.So jobs are n't delayed until their back breakers . Only got an hour till it rains , no problem . Need to blow some leaves in the gutter and barrel 'em before the wind comes and blows 'em back into your yard . No problem .
 The B&D ; leafhog comes into its own with this accessory collection system - straight to the bin for green recycling . And it moves the source of dust from under your armpit to a few feet away.Drawstrings : Hint . Hold the tab , pull the strings - do n't hold the strings and push the tab!Wear and tear : This unit works hard and we have seen some wear and tear issues.In 4 or 5 years we 've had issues with the plastic locator tabs on the collection system which have broken or become worn out.I would definitely buy again .
 What a machine . Lots of power . The vacuming is great . Goes right into garbage can and I can then easily take it to the garden for mulch . Love it .
 I bought my Leaf Hog with one purpose in mind
 Leaf collection system works pretty good , except that hose end comes off from blower very easily . The snap feature is too small or not robust enough for what I call normal yard work duty . Hopefully maker will check that design for the next generation of the product . Otherwise , system is great !!
 This is my second system . I use it with a plastic 55 gal drum , lined with a 55 gal contractor 's trash bag . If I blow my leaves in a central location , I can fill the drum with a large amount of leaves and not have to empty the bag every few minutes . There is a tendency for the bag to come off the drum . I Fastened a rim of rolled lancape edging around the outside of the drum and used small bolts to sttach it around the top . Iput the thrash bag in the drum with the surplus around the outside . I then put the leaf collection system on the top and use a nylon strap between the rim and the bottom of the leaf system . This makes it secure enough to be moved easily . The hose input is centered .
 The system worked good . I did have to use bungie cords to keep the bag on the garbage can , but then it made life a breeze . Best decision I have made buying this product .
 I bought this product in mid summer but waited to review it until I used it several times . It worked wonderful , never clogged and saved me alot of time . I have used it on several differant cans to include square top , and round top . As long as you have a little common sense it was easy to install and never came loose while being used . The only thing I could say negative is that the hose is heavier and knocks the can over frequently when it is empty , and that it sometimes slips off the blower . and make sure the leaves are really dry it works much better . but in review great product .
 Works very well and is easy to use easier then toking the container around with you while you pick up
 I just love this product . It ties on a 30 gallon garbage can and I do not have to enpty the can as often as a bag that comes with a Blower/Vac Blower . I think this will work for anyone that needs to pick up leaves in the fall . It is a two person unit , one to operate the blower and one to move the 30 gallon can as you move along vacuuming leaves . Great Product .
 It fit fine on a 15 dollar 35 gallon round rimmed trash can . The drier the leaves , the better . It gets clogged up sometimes and you have to reach up into the tube to get the clog out .
 we study all that we buy talk to people and send away for it so far we are winners to all our selections
 The blade is excellent . I makes a perfect edge on my lawn . The notched edge is an improvement over the straight edged blade , it grabs the tufts of grass and makes a cleaner edge .
 I am very pleased with the Black & Decker Replacement Blade #EB -024 . I 've installed this blade on my edger and used it several times now . It really is great , better than the original .
 I bought my Black & Decker LE500 Edger several years ago and of course the new `` Hedge Hog '' models came out the very next year . That means finding a replacement blade today for my edger at the big box home centers is impossible . I took a chance and found the EB-024 blade here on the Amazon site . The item was from a third party but arrived new as stated and in a very reasonable amount of time . The blade seemed to match the original blade perfectly and fit great . With this new blade , my edger edges like it did when it was new . The price was good and unless I find a replacement by chance at one of our local big boxes , I will order another blade when the time comes . Hope this helps !!
 My old edger needed a replacement blade - the old one was ok , but it was hard to push as I did the edging . I was also looking for a slightly longer blade . The new blade is about 3/4 '' longer and really does a good job . It 's not sharp , which surprised me , but does a great job of cleaning out dirt and dead grass plus edging .
 I could not find replacement blades in my area . I thought I would have to purchase a new edger . Thank You .
 I did n't notice that the blade on my edger had practically worn away . This new blade now makes edging the lawn an effortless task . Cut my edging time from 20 minutes to about 5 . The blade is not sharp , this is how it 's supposed to be . Edger blades are not like lawn mower blades . I 'll be paying much more attention to my blade in the future .
 Bought this as a replacement to the original blade which was old and had worn at least 1/2 inch off each end . It fit just fine and worked like a champ . Should have done it sooner .
 The blade came in a well packaged and in a timely manner . I took a chance that it would fit the Black Decker Model 8215 but the blade was too long for my edger .
 Found this product on Amazon and compared to the generic blades I 've used in the past , this one performs an order of magnitude better . The order was filled in a timely manner and I could n't be happier ...
 This blade makes my edger better then when it was new . This blade does a much better job then the original . Well worth the money .
 These Black and Decker replacement blades for my edger make it perform like new . I should have replaced these long ago . I 'll make sure to replace them the next time the edger stops cutting cleanly . It is much more economical to replace the blades instead of buying a new edger !
 Product was received in advertised condition in a timely manner , it encourages me to shop more online .
 I have n't used the product yet , but it is exactly what I wanted . . it is always a dream to do business with Ace Hardware , either online or in the store . . who needs the big box stores ?
 It 's fine . It 's a replacement blade which I was unable to get locally so I was a happy camper . I did not have to replace the entire edger . It did take a little long to get here , but I did n't want to replace a perfectly good piece of equipment , so for $ 10 . we 're good to go .
 Performs flawlessly . Collects the mulched matter without emitting any dust or dirt . I am impressed .
 As always , I get rapid shipment of anything I purchase through Amazon . I am very pleased with the product .
 This is exactly what we needed for our Leaf Hog . Why buy a new one when we could easily order the replacement bags . Thank you .
 I thought this bag would fit in all Black & Decker Blower , but it did n't . It required another part to connect with it in order for it to fit . Luckily I have this part comes with other item i bought .
 This is a replacement bag for my husband 's leaf blower that also collects leaves in the bag . He loves it because he can clean the flower beds so quickly without damaging the plants and with little effort .
 This replacement bag was very inexpensive to having to buy a new leaf vacuum . There are no stores in my area that sell this item on site . I was happy to be able to find it on amazon.com . I know where to look when I wear a whole in this one !
 This replacement worked perfectly . The only place I could find it was on Amazon.com . Thanks
 I love it when you buy a replacement part and it fits . This one did and I am happy .
 Clogging is always a problem with these , but this clogs less than the original bag that came with it . I think the advantage is the entry on the side versus the top of the bag .
 this is a great collection bag better that what it did have on the blower , fast service would do business with again
 The original bag ripped after a season . Finally broke down and bought this replacement that is supposed to fit my unit . Well , it kinda-sorta does . The `` nozzle '' slides over spout on the blower , but it holds by friction only . Bit stiff to put on and off ... not real easy considering how often you have to remove it to empty the filled bag -LRB- almost impossible to try and empty it while it is still attached -RRB- . The bag seems to be sturdy enough , so I do n't anticipate any problems ... then again , I thought the original bag looked sturdy . The price seemed to have come down to within reason when I finally broke down and purchased it . Ca n't recall the numbers exactly right now , but it seems when I looked this up a year ago the price was high enough I just decided to do without .
 Needed a replacement collection bag for a rather old , but working , Craftsman blower/vac . The B&D ; bag is heavy duty and appears to be well made . With just a few modifications , I was able to make a usable atttachment to blower/vac . It 's working just fine .
 Fair price and arrived reasonably quick . The original bag lasted five years and the new bag looks like the same high quality . I would purchase another from this seller .
 This leaf bag fit my older leafhog and is of good quality . I am very happy with it and with the reasonable price .
 I 've had the B&D ; BV4000 Type 4 for a bit more than one season . I have lots of leaves to deal with in the fall and even during the year . The BV4000 has performed quite well . Good suction , but not too much during vacuuming . Fairly easy and quick to switch between blower and vacuum . My prior blower/vac was a Toro - much more cumbersome to change modes.A couple of small but important features of this model
 This product replaced a torn bag on our Black and Decker blower/vacuum that was 10 + years old with no problem .
 I was somewhat apprehensive when ordering as my model vac was not listed as a match for this replacement part . Am quite pleased with results : -RRB-
 I purchased a refurbished B&D Leaf Hog Vacuum for $ 65 and could not be more pleased with it 's performance . It looked brand new and I have used it weekly for over 3 months now to suck up all sorts of yard debris , including bouganvilla and other hedge trimings and it has handled all without incident . I must have received the re-designed bag because it has also worked without any issues . I will purchase another Leaf Hog when this one breaks because it sure beats raking !
 I found the replacement bag for my leaf blower to be al least equal to the factory one in terms of its materials and construction .
 Worked well , was easy to find and so glad I could get one so fast . Thanks much !
 Not only was the product in A-1 condition it was much less expensive than the one advertised by Target .
 Product as described , perfect fit for my leaf vac . Was received timely . Very please with product and service .
 Purchased this bag for a blower/vacumn , each year had to bag 15-20 bagsof leaves . With this blower/vac system w/bag attachment cut down bagcollection to about 2 total . Excellant bag replacement , good qualitymaterial .
 Easy to attach and remove . Bag is sturdy and vents dust very well . Zipper functions smoothly and keeps the shape .
 Great quality , including the zipper.Perfect fit for my Black & Decker Electric Leaf Hog Blower/Vacuum . I 'm very satisfied.I recommend it .
 The Craftsman bag cost $ 30 more , so I took a chance and bought this one . I turned it inside out and removed the plastic part that is attached to the cloth with plastic zip ties , and then inserted the similar plastic part from my Craftsman unit and zip tied it in . I 'm not super handy and it only took my about 10 minutes . Although this model is more difficult to empty the leaves from .
 I purchased this to replace the original collection bag that came with the blower . This is a stronger , larger bag and the mulch dust does n't sift through the bag fabric as much as it did with the original bag . The only -LRB- minor -RRB- drawback is it does n't fit together to the blower easily - you have to twist it on as it is not a snap-in . Not a big issue and does not hamper performance , but this is not made clear in the product description .
 Black & Decker Replacement Collection Bag for Blowers and Vacuums #BV -005 I am no good at using the blower but I love collecting the leaves on my deck , driveway , sidewalks and other areas where my numerous trees shed their leaves each fall . I put the bag over my shoulder and suck up the leaves , empty the bag 's contents on my compost pile and continue the process . I am an avid gardener and so I feel good about the process of recyling . I was so happy to find a replacement for the old bag which had seen it 's better days . I am very pleased with the new bag . I highly recommend this product .
 I have used this product for years , and this is the first time I 've had to replace the bag . Ir ripped from so much use . Great service , and a good price from Amazon .
 This was my first time to use Amazon.Very easy to order and the product arrived just a few days later , the week before Christmas.Can ' t beat that !
 Being able to shop on-line for many items saves a lot of time running around to various stores hoping that the item will be available . This is one of the few places that I can go and find a large choice of items .
 New bag worked perfectly . No leaks and all of the seams on the new bag look good .
 Replaced my old bag when its zipper broke , and the replacement works fine -LRB- given the low demands placed on it -RRB- . Only drawback is that it is often difficult to unscrew it from the blower/vac . The bag 's nozzle has two `` nubs '' that insert into two channels on the vac , and although they all appear to be fine , it often sticks when trying the unscrew the bag . A minor issue . Otherwise , fine .
 Needed a replacement bag for my Black & Decker Leaf Hog . The old bag wore out after 3 or 4 years , and this was the one . Wish they would 've used the model name too , as I 'd forgotten the model number . But this was it ! Hooked up perfectly , same zipper and shoulder line . No improvements over the old one , but no supposed improvements either , so no complaints . Ask for one like the old one , and that is what I got .
 Exactly what I needed to replace my old damaged bag . Fitted it to my leaf vacuum , and was off , cleaning up the yard without a hitch ! Brilliant !
 I have gone through many blower bags and this is the most inexpensivereplacement bag I have found . You can turn the bag inside out and take off the plastic ties and use this on another model blower . Replace the plastic ties over your model blowers fitting and you have a cheap replacement bag . This bag does not drag on the floor , so you wo n't weara hole in it . The zipper does n't come off the track or bind as much as some other bags .
 Good fit and works as advertised . Collects rather than blowing the leaves which makes the clean up much more effecient . I got a manicured look to the planting beds . Rats in the shed ate through the old bag so I now store the bag inside .
 The delivery service was great but I am having a problem connecting the bag . This is not a problem with the dealer but rather with the manufacturer in China . I had a great deal of trouble fastening the bag to the vacuum . I finally got it on but could only get it off with a great deal of trouble . I am going to have to file the lugs on the connector to get it to disengage properly .
 Good product , works well with the B/D leaf vacuum . This bag is much more difficult to take off the nozzle than the previous one .
 After many years of good use with the original bag for the Black & Decker Blower Vac I needed to replace it with a new one . This has worked out just fine . It 's just what I thought it would be .
 This bag is a great replacement for the one my dog chewed up . It does n't fit as well as the original or clip on like the original , but it 's so tight that you do n't have to worry about the clip .
 I found it very difficult to get a replacement bag for my Ryobi and Troy Bilt vac / blowers without paying an arm and a leg . I purchased the BV-005 at a good price on Amazon . I found the B&D ; black connector wo n't directly fit onto either of the Ryobi and Troy Bilt models -LRB- the Ryobi and Troy Bilt have compatible connectors but are equally as costly and harder to find -RRB- . I saved the old Troy Bilt bag , removed the black connector with some effort , did a few modifications to add the connector to the plastic piece on the Black and Decker bag and I 'm off and running.Based on this experience , you can save money if you hang onto the connector of your existing bag and willing to make a few modifications requiring 10 minutes of time . As a side note , I am finding I am very unhappy with Troy Bilt equipment . The bag fell apart soon after purchase and the vac/Blower did n't last more than a few starts . I wo n't be back for any additional Troy Bilt products as I have experienced multiple failures with their products . Ryobi may look equivalent but is a much better product .
 I bought this bag to replace my 4-year-old bag , which blew out this fall.It fits my machine well and fills properly .
 While it is a shame I can not sharpen the blade on my trimmer , the replacement is as easy to install as a lightbulb . Four screws out , replace blade , four screws in -- that 's it ! Very simple !
 This has been a great product . Have n't had to replace the blades yet but if they are as good as the orginal blades , I 'll be using the shears for quite some time .
 Very good replacement and very easy to install . No sharping needed Works well . Very happy with this order . Will order when needed
 This is a perfect replacement for the battery operated grass clipper . It arrived quickly , well packed and fit perfectly . What more could anyone require ?
 I purchased the item if needed to replace the original set in one of my new Black & Decker Shears which are operating just great . Thanks for the prompt delivery , will do more business with Amszon in the near future
 I 've looked everywhere for replacement blades for my trimmer and am so happy to have finally found them . Even the B&D website did n't offer this product ! Now my trimmer is good as new .
 Been using these for years . Love the finish they give . Some customers say it 's too much work , but I disagree . That type of work keeps you in great shape -LRB- if it does n't kill you -RRB- .
 I am sure this blade is good , because it 's almost the same blade as the RB-01 which works great . However , the RB-001 was featured as frequently bought with the SSC-1000 cordless shear , which it does not fit . Amazon said they would correct the impression that the RB-001 blade fits.The Black & Decker RB-01 -LRB- and the RB-001 -RRB- are superior to the blade of the Homelite trimmer that I have , primarily because of their sharp-pointed edge tines . These allow the edge tines to be inserted behind grass growing along a planter board , for instance .
 Needed to replace my wornout blades . Could not find in local stores . Found on Amazon , reasonably priced . Delivered timely . Good service .
 The grass shear replacement blade was exactly what I needed and received what I expected .
 Ijust love my black and decker new blade.It is so nice I dont have to sharpen this kind of shears , All I have to do is order one from your company.And the price is great too.Never seen the blade so reasonable priced . I love my new black and decker extension handle.I have back problem and a lot of pain.So this handle is wonderful for me , Because I dont ever have to bend down no more.this is like heaven to me.I would die before I loss this extension handle for my shears . the price is right for me to . thanks Amazona.com
 Item was as ordered , was easy to order and arrived in good time/shape . . appreciated the confo of order being shipped . . thank you
 I 'm very satisfied . My purchase arrived ahead of schedule , and installed very easily - 5 minutes . It was n't keyed exactly the same , but if the blade is tight it works just fine - no problems !!
 I purchased the Black & Decker EB-007 Edger and extra blade as a Christmas gift to a family member and it has n't been used as of yet . The pricing was the best that I had found and Black & Decker has made products for many years . The pricing value and name were the main reason for me buying .
 This is a sturdy , substantial blade that should hold up well to use . I have not used it enough to determine how long it will continue to cut well .
 Big box stores stopped carrying these in favor of generic know-your-specs blades . Tried a generic because I needed one immediately and that 's all they had . Big mistake . Lousy cut that seemed to shred rather than cut and a sidewalk hit caused a lot more blade damage than it should have . Ordered this one and it 's back to a good cut and a better quality blade . And I have no idea why people report blade slippage unless they are theorizing or not tightening the blade enough -- no problems here .
 It 's a direct replacement . Now I can grind away at the edging again . It has been heat treated -LRB- hardened -RRB- so it can stand up to smaking away at the driveway and rocks .
 Needed a replacement blade for my 10 year old edger . This blade was inexpensive -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- and the right size for the model I own . It was easy to install and works great .
 I bought a used Edger Hog edger and these are the OEM replacement blades . Did n't realize you can get these things just about any where . But , hey , they were competively priced and I saved myself some gas money .
 I was surprised when I received this . It looked too BIG but that was only because the blade in the used Edger that I bought was really used up . After I replaced it with this blade it really did the job .
 The new blade worked perfectly and allowed me to trim my lawn in half the time ... . half the time that is from the completely worn blade I was using before . It had been so long since I changed blades that I did n't even remember that new blades have cutting teeth on them . Highly recommended .
 This was so easy to attach to my edger . Just be sure to use the right size socket tool with ratchet , as the old one may be tough to get off . I used a little WD40 and let it soak . Very easy to install , and cuts fabulously ! I went online after I installed it and bought another one as a backup . -LRB- And I 'm an AARP aged lady ! -RRB-
 Let me tell you ... the last time I was edging with my old blade , it worked me to death ... I was going back and forth and back and forth , and was still not satisfied . After a few hours , I quit about half way through . I went in to research edgers , and just decided to check on the blade.I researched and came across this replacement blade online . I immediately purchased this at a local store to give it a try . Even though it has the round center and not the oblong shaped center , the previous reviewers were right on the money saying it fit and worked fine . A good snug mounting -LRB- coupled with a serrated lock washer that probably was n't even needed -RRB- did not allow the blade to budge.When I started edging with the new blade , it was like the weight of the world lifted off my shoulders ! I could edge again with minimal effort and maximum results - directly the opposite of what it had been for so , so long . I had my entire edging done in record time , and it was the best it has EVER looked , even when the edger was new.This new blade is thicker , and quite a bit longer , than the worn out one I replaced ... and the results were incredible . Sure , the teeth on the blade do not leave a nice and tidy , `` scissor cut '' smooth cut as other poster -LRB- s -RRB- have mentioned , but when I step back and look at the edging , it is not noticed at all.DO NOT WAIT ... if you need a replacement blade and this one fits ... purchase it !
 My previous blade that came with the unit new recently wore out -LRB- a season and a 1/2 later -RRB- . New blade was easy to install -LRB- less than five minutes -RRB- and made a huge difference in edging my lawn .
 The complaints of some here are much todo about nothing ! I agree that Amazon needed to correct the picture since the blade with the elliptical hole is no longer sold -LRB- you can still find some on ebay -RRB- . This blade is now original equipment on the Black & Decker Edger . It works fine . Just tighten the nut well . It does not have to be re-tightened under any normal use I give it . Perhaps it would if I struck a brick or large rock , but then I would probably be glad it did . The gentleman who did n't like the blade 's performance is entitled to use a blade more to his liking , but this is an exact replacement for the blade that comes on the electric edger .
 When I first started looking for a replacement blade for my Black & Decker Edgehog , I soon found it was easier said than done . I went ahead and ordered the replacement blade from Amazon , and I have been pleased . It works as well as ever .
 Overall , not bad ... You need to be carefull and not hit the concrete or blacktop too often or the life goes way down . I 'm still using my first blade that I had when I bought this in February ...
 I ended up having the same problem as the other reviewer had with the odd shaped shaft not fitting the round hole of the blade . Spoke with a salesman at a Black and Decker store and recommended using a screwdriver to knock off the piece that is odd shaped -LRB- takes a little time -RRB- but slides off fairly easily . Use the enclosed washers with the blade -LRB- one on each side -RRB- and it should work just fine without slipping ... Good luck . .
 I bought my edger many years ago and last year I noticed it just did n't work like it did , and that 's when I realized you have to replace the blade now and then . I had forgotten that a new blade had `` teeth '' on it , lol . Works like brand new now !
 I was dubious about spending a little more for the HEAVY-DUTY blade . `` Heavy-Duty '' rarely lives up to its name , but in this case I was pleasantly surprised . The metal is thicker than the old blade and the teeth on the blade do make a difference . What used to take me 45 minutes to do now only takes me 15 minutes ! I was a little confused by the picture as to what the silver metal pieces were for , whether they were permanently attached and part of being `` heavy-duty '' but they are , duh , the washers !!
 Could n't find replacement edger blades for my Edgehog locally so I 'm glad Amazon had them .
 This is a blade for my edger . I have not used it yet as the one that came with the product is still in good shape . I expect the blade will work as well as the one that came with the unit .
 The HD extension cord is a nuisance , and it is a bit weak . However , it edges fairly well and avoids the problems of starting and maintaining a gas edger . I use it once a month and use a battery powered line trimmer the other 3 weeks .
 I can tell you I got the B&D edger and it looks like a heck of a good purchase . Also , these blades look strong and not some puny little piece of plastic that wo n't last an hour ! These are solid and I 'll be very surprised if they do n't do a bang up job !
 I love these Edger Hog blades ! They slice through so quickly and cleanly , you 'll never want to use a conventional blade again !
 I went to Sears to buy a new blade for my B&D edger and found out Sears is no longer carring B & D Edger equipment . New blade is exact as The original and works fine .
 This is the blade you need . You do have to use the washer that comes with the blade . It will work great . Do n't forget to reset your blade depth when you replace the blade . I made that mistake once , it was pretty apparent when I was digging way to deep with the edger . I find that the blade typically lasts about 1.5 seasons . I live in the midwest and a season is probably about 6 months or so of weekly to bi-weekly use .
 Everything arrived as expected and as described . NIB . Great deal . The new blade makes quick work of the edging and any trenching that needs to be done is handled also.All the neighbors are very envious . Lawn looks professional .
 I purchased a B&D edger and also purchased this blade as a spare . The toothed blade seems to cut better than smooth blades . The Amazon price was lower than local stores or online when purchased with other items to qualify for free shipping .
 I 've had a B&D Edge Hog Edger for about 5 years and had never changed the blade . I remember when I bought it and though what a great job it did . Throughout the years it lost that performance edge that it had out of the box . I had sharpened the blade but it did n't seem to do that great of a job . The job of edgeing my lawn became more of a chore everytime I used it . I was getting ready to get rid of it and buy a new gas edger when I happened to find the replacement blade on Amazon . The price was right so I figured I would n't be out anything if it did n't work . The switchover took less than 5 minutes . When I started it up I could n't believe how well it worked . If you have had your edger more than a season do n't delay buy this blade . You wo n't be sorry . My edger works better now then when it was brand new . The price is low and you wo n't regret it .
 Not much to say except that this replacement blade fits and works as designed . My old blade had lost about 1 inch of metal from each end so I was losing a lot of cutting depth . The replacement blade has put the edger back into fully functional shape and at a reasonable cost .
 Surprisingly powerful for an electric edger . It had no problem doing my massively long sidewalk . Quieter than my neighbors ' gas edgers . And does just as good of job if not better . You wo n't have regrets with this purchase . I 'm happy .
 These blades do a great job of doing what they 're designed for . They seem to last a long time and are easy to replace on the Black & Decker Edge Hog .
 Honestly , I 'm not aware of any non-B & D blades that fit the Edge Hog , but I 'd be hard pressed to buy them if I did . These blades tear through everything . I 'm on my second Edge Hog -LRB- had the old green and black one , now I have the orange and black one -RRB- , and have been using these all along . I have a lot of edging to do
 TO
 They may have had problems in the past but Amazon is delivering the replacement blade the photo shows . It is hardened steel . I ordered the blade as a backup when I purchased my edger . At this point in time I still have the origional blade on it after 5 seasons of year long California use . -LRB- we do n't get time off in the winter gardening season -RRB- This replacement blade is still sitting in the garage gathering dust.I 've got a hint for those other reviewers who seem to go through blades . All those sparks you are seeing demonstrate that you are not properly aligned . Take your time , do n't rush , you 'll get a quality job , save your blades and your hardscape .
 I bought this replacement blade for an older LE750 that had oval type hole in the center . Was concerned that it would not work properly after reading some reviews . I threw the old blade and washers away and used new blade and washers as instructed . I torqued the nut to 140 in lbs as instructed . After using for 45 minutes and hitting many rocks and shooting sparks from hitting sidewalk , no slippage occured . I rechecked the torque to see if it had loosened and it was still 140 in lbs . I suspect any problems would be from not using correct washers or not tighting to proper torque . Harbor Freight sells a small torque wrench that goes to 200 in lbs at a good price if needed . It also goes on sale at times . Hope this can be of help to those having problems with this blade .
 I live in a typical suburban subdivision with an HOA agreement . So I 've got to stay on top of my yard if I do n't want a `` nasty-gram '' from the lady who drives around and makes sure that all the grass is mowed and the shutters are painted . The B&D ; Edgehog and the replacement blades are a breeze to use . I 've got about 200ft or so of paved surface to edge and I do it every other week during the mowing season -LRB- which in this part of georgia is from march to october basically -RRB- . I have only had the edger for about 7 weeks and used it 3 times . Each time it performed really well . I did a test run of taking off the blade and replacing it as if it was this replacement blade that I ordered -LRB- but do n't yet need to install as the original is still plenty sharp -RRB- . It goes on easily enough and the wear indicators will let you know when to change it.All in all , a great replacement blade for a great product . I never thought I would buy an electric edger . I had resigned myself to buying a gas edger at a price of about $ 300 . I though that there was no way an electric edger could do the job . In my case I was wrong . Obviously if you have a long driveway or some heavy-duty need , then this edger is n't for you , but It suits me perfectly . Good luck !
 This blade was a great replacement for my old original blade on my Edge Hog.Installed in minutes and plowed thru the grass just like a gas powered unit.I was considering buying a gas powered edger because my edger just was n't doing the job any longer.The old blade was about 5 years old and was past it 's prime.Spent about 7 bucks and my edger is running like new.Great investment ...
 I was using my edger for a while before I noticed how many times I had to keep going over the same area to get a nice clean edge . I looked at the blade and saw that it was worn ; replaced it with the new blade and the difference was night and day . This blade cuts very nicely - one pass and done for the day .
 I 'm very satisfied with this edger . Highly recommend it to anyone.Found the best price at Amazon.com as I usually do when shopping .
 This product is hard to find . Especially for this price . My machine works like new . Thank you !!! My yard looks great !
 My husband could n't believe what a difference it made when he replaced the old blade with this new blade . It made the edger seem like new .
 Bought a package of two blades when ordering a new edger . The shipping was pre-paid -LRB- by ordering the edger at the same time -RRB- this way and I know that I will eventually need the blades .
 The new blade greatly improved the performance of my edger . I should have replaced it a long time ago .
 Blade came in original packaging . Have n't installed on edger yet . Should be no problem . Delivery was excellent .
 The product was exactly what I expected and it arrived on time . Thanks .
 I was very suprised and thankful to locate the replacement blade for my headge hog trimmer after trying to locate one localy I was really pleased with this product .
 The replacement blade is made for the EB-007 . It is hard to find in hardware stores or home improvement stores , even though the Edger is sold there . The cost of the blade was less than what I would have paid elsewhere .
 This is a part I needed to replace the original . I love how this item assists in making trenches for my flower beds . Can ; t beat it !
 I have used this product before , and can never find it at my local nurseries . It is extremely flexible , and easy to use . The features I enjoy best are that you can change the length of the soaker by removing the end , and putting it wherever you want . Also , you can remove the hose connector , and replace it as well . So , if your soaker develops a leak , you cut it off , and can use the remainder . Try that with another product ! I recommend these soakers/sprinklers to anyone who needs fast , adaptable irrigation . I leave them sitting in my beds for use throughout the season .
 I 've been using my Andrews 30-Foot 2 Tube Sprinkler Hose for a few weeks now and I 've been perfectly happy with it ! I have it stretched across the short portion of my yard alongside the driveway -LRB- roughly an 8 feet wide , 30-feet long span -RRB- , and the spray-zone of this hose is absolutely ideal for that location . Running it twice a day on a timer -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- , my grass alongside the driveway has greened up quite nicely.So far I 've not experienced any issues with holes getting wider , etc. . The hose itself is quite lightweight and easy to manipulate , and it would be perfect for an herb , vegetable , or flower garden as well.My only wish is that I 'd gotten the 50-foot length instead of the 30-foot , as the side of my house could use some watering too!At this pricepoint , I 'm perfectly satisfied with this purchase .
 If I turn my hydrant on full this thing really sprinkles ! I imagine that this will need to be replaced if left in landscaping throughout the summer months . It is very thin and cheap feeling , but it does do the job . Be prepared to get a little wet while determining how to best position all of the water holes .
 We like that it has a lot of holes less than 6 inches apart - good for gardens of all types . -LRB- some competing hoses have holes too far apart for gardens -RRB- Handles low pressure well -LRB- good when windy or slow soaking -RRB- and can really soak things when on higher pressure.Cheap material , folds and bends in the wind when not full of water , so requires staking at various points.Like all sprinkler hoses , really meant for straight rows or slight left / right bending . Since `` cheaper material '' , it handles subtle bending real well.Able to handle curves and rounding decently -LRB- will fold over , pinch -RRB- ; better than the more expensive stiff ones which are solely meant -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- for straight rows .
 Yes it is limp when you are setting it up but it is short enough that it does n't take that long to position properly . I used this with the holes facing downwards and after several hours I found that it had thoroughly wet an area about 15 to 20 inches on either side of it .
 Easy to push , quiet , does a great job . It does leave a few of the longer strands at times , but I have an electric weedeater for taking care of that . It cuts weeds just fine . The best part is that it is light weight to you do n't get blisters on your hands from having to grip so hard to control and push it . I 've mowed the lawn at 9:00 at night . -LRB- not as hot then -RRB- It is quiet enough not to bother the neighbors . Kids could definitely use this .
 This is a great product . I bought it as a replacement for my broken gasoline powered lawn mower . It works as advertised and was easy to assemble.I have a small urban front and back yard - I think that 's a big factor in its success . If I had a big suburban yard I probably would n't want this . Its true that it does n't cut the grass ` perfectly ' but I did n't know grass was suppose to be perfect ;-RRB- I like using this machine because its quite and pollution free and it simply works .
 Picked up this reel mower to see how a `` current '' reel mower works . Love how light it is , which makes it very easy to push around my 1/3 of an acre yard . I definitely enjoy using it instead of my gas rotary mower , but it wo n't end up replacing it outright . As you may have read if you 're interested in reel mowers but have n't used one -LRB- except maybe those old 50 lb clunkers -RRB- it cuts a `` lawn '' quite nicely under the right conditions . The scissor action cuts the grass blades quite evenly without tearing which is what my old rotary mower would do ... It does n't get the long tall grass stems , so you need to cut often -LRB- once per week during the spring , less often in the heat probably -RRB- and ca n't let it get out of control or you 'll just be pushing over the grass , not cutting it . I imagine after a rain its going to be rough if the grass is bent over , but I have n't tried it yet.So basically , if you have a nice even lawn , and plan on cutting it every weekend , this mower will give you a great cut , and will end up being better for your grass than a rotary . If you have weeds or a patchy , bumpy lawn , or do n't like to cut your grass routinely , you 'll be disappointed with a reel mower ... I personally have n't run into too many problems with sticks getting caught in the blades as others have reported with reel mowers . I have a fairly wooded yard , and there are plenty of twigs and sticks around , but they do n't seem to get caught up all that often . Maybe because I try not to run them over much and toss them out of the way when I 'm walking by ... YMMVMy one complaint with this mower is the handle - its made of 5 pieces of aluminum tubing screwed together with wing nuts . They end up loosening up on me occasionally , and I 'm not 100 % certain that the handle will outlive the wheels or blades ...
 Just like other reviews , reel mowers wo n't cut stray grass strands that exceed certain height . It 's obvious by just looking at the mechanics of these mowers . I do n't want to repeat what the other reviewers already said but can say that virtuall all disadvantages mentioned are true . It 's good for small , debris free yards . I use it for quick touchups to keep the grass short but once a while I 'd plugin the electric mower to produce a clean , professional cut . The power mower has the ability to suck up debris and provide a more uniform cut including the edges .
 Handle bolts together , so it flexes more than it should . Presumably the handle is manufactured of multiple pieces so it can be shipped from China in a small box.It cuts well -LRB- short grass only -RRB- . For long grass and/or weeds I gas-up my power mowers .
 I coud n't be more pleased with this mower . It is a great value for the money . It is easy for an 84-year old lady to use . The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that it does not do very well on crab grass .
 This mower is easy to handle and is as carbon-neutral as you can get ! It arrived quickly and was ready to use in 5 minutes .
 I recently bought this mower and I absolutely love it ! It mows great and leaves my lawn looking wonderful . It pushes as easy as my old gas mower and is easier to back up and get around beds and trees . The only negative thing is that due to the wheels and cutter , it does not mow as close but I just trim with a hand trimmer . I would recommend everyone to try this ! Even my dad who used the old time reel mowers was so impressed with it ! You can visit with neighbors and hear the birds singing while you mow ! It is great and it takes me less time to mow since you do n't have to take time to start your mower and add $ 4.20 a gallon gas every time you mow !
 This mower has done all I ask of it . It leaves behind a beautifully groomed lawn whilst being quiet and non-polluting . Having said that there are a couple of things of which potential purchasers should be aware . There are probably more sturdily built mowers available but the price offsets this . Also , the American Lawn Mower Company has these machines built in China . If you have a small lawn and you do n't let the grass grow too long this machine should meet your needs and give you some exercise .
 I JUST LOVE THIS THING it was easy to put together , cuts wonderfully -LRB- not like a gas but works for me -RRB- the setting r easy to adjust -LRB- no tools -RRB- , and it a GREAT CARDIO workout and it easy to carry . and when im cutting all i smell is fresh cut grass not gas and soot and i can mow barefoot without that much worry -LRB- hate shoes on grass 100 % REDNECK WOMAN -RRB- WOULD RECOMEND
 After researching push reel mowers at various websites , I settled on this mower after trying to buy a Brill Luxus 38 on e-bay and various other people powered type websites . The high shipping charges to us here on Maui forced me into buying the American 1815-18 locally at Lowe 's for $ 106 -LRB- the Amazon free shipping offer only applies to the mainland . To Hawaii it 's $ 45 -RRB- . It turns out that buying the 1815-18 instead of the Brill was a rather decent compromise.While this mower is about 10 pounds heavier than the Brill , you 'd never know it from pushing it in the yard . The property I 'm mowing is a relatively small amount of yard space . The lot is 7500 sq. ft. with an 1100 sq. ft. house . The property has some pretty decent slopes so there 's some corner negotiating and uphill pushing to deal with.The grass around the house ranges from a small amount of zoysia to seashore paspalum to some other motley variety that I have n't been able to get rid of.It took about 2 mowings -LRB- a week apart -RRB- to get the grass into shape so that the cut looked consistent from area to area . Up until this time , I 'd been `` mowing '' or rather `` hacking '' with my old Stihl brushcutter.Prior to buying a reel mower , I was concerned because various reviews about reel mowers address the fact that reel mowers do n't handle twigs or stones very well , etc.Here 's what I 'm finding ... I 've got the mower set to cut at the lowest height it can . I 've not experienced any problems with small stones that are `` embedded '' in the soil because they are below the cut of the blades . However , a few twigs that were sitting on top of the grass DID stop the mowing process cold . So - back up , move twig , continue . No worries.Negotiating corners is actually easier than the old gas powered mower I used to use back on my acre in Oregon . Yes , there is a strip of unmowed grass along the edges where the reel mower ca n't reach , but the gas mower could n't reach that either . I can either bring out the old brush cutter every couple of weeks or use manual grass shears to get that stuff . Oh , believe the reviews that say you have to sometimes cut the same area several times from different directions.The nicest part about the mowing experience now is that I 'm not generating huge amounts of noise in this highly congested neighborhood . As a result , I can mow anytime I want . I do n't have to `` suit up '' in work clothes before mowing . Although the instructions specifically advise against it , I 've been able to be out in the yard barefoot while mowing under a quiet Hawaii sunset.The only downsides of the mower for me are the cumbersome height adjustments . You have to remove two bolts , rearrange their position and then reinsert the bolts . Not a big deal though . The other concern is that I 'm not sure of the long term durability of the plastic rollers that help control the height adjustment.Overall though , I consider this a good purchase .
 I 've only owned this mower for one summer now , and I have a very small backyard in in the PNW , but I 'm very impressed with this little mower . I grew up in Denver mowing huge double-lot yards with gas mulching mowers , but even if I had a huge yard I would give this mower a try . It took me about 15 minutes to assemble it -- super easy . It only takes me a couple of minutes to mow my little 300 square foot yard . I do n't waste time filling it up with gasoline or using a screwdriver to pry out the crusty grass from around the blade housing , like with most gasoline-powered mulching mowers . Like some other reviewers have noted , if the grass is long it can take a few passes -LRB- in opposite directions -RRB- to get the grass cut -- long grass can get matted down by the mower . The only other downside to this mower is that you 'll need to do more edging at fences and other obstacle because the blades do n't cut as close to the wheels as with many gasoline-powered mowers . For me , that 's a small price to pay in exchange for the simplicity , pollution-free , and noise-free advantages of this mower .
 We just bought this lawn mower . I love it . It 's easy to use , and cuts as well as any gas-powered mower we 've ever owned . Our yard is far from perfect , thanks to a dog that loved to dig , and the mower worked fine . It 's clean , quiet , and , best of all , no worries about shrapnel from a mower blade picking and throwing rocks or other debris . I was wondering how it would handle the twigs that a Siberian elm seems to shed constantly , but it never jammed . I was able to cut our yard in the same amount of time it took the neighbor to do his with a power mower , and never broke a sweat . I did have to make a couple second passes over the dandelions -- the reel tended to push tall stuff down rather than slicing them off cleanly the first time -- but that 's a minor inconvenience .
 I just started using it , but it works great . I was weary about the reviews of twigs stopping the mower , but I purchased anyway and thought I could rake the lawn since I have lots of overhanging trees and branches/twigs . I did n't rake , I just picked up anything big . The mover does get stopped by larger twigs , but only if moving slow . I just backed it up and gave it a shove and no more twig . I mowed the whole lawn and could n't mind a branch I could n't mow through . Plus - no gas , no noise , no fumes , great exercise . I 'm extremely pleased .
 I do not have a nice lawn . It 's uneven and dotted with bare spots and weed patches . This mower did beautifully on my lawn with the original factory settings . It was easy and quick to assemble the handle -LRB- the only part not assembled in the box -RRB- . It 's easy to push - I think easier than a gas-powered mower . It 's quiet , hassle-free , and not at all the monster most people expect reel mowers to be . The lawn looks better after mowing with this than with other types of mowers . What 's not to love ? The same preparations used with other mowers will do fine for this . Remove rocks and sticks , even twigs , anything you would remove for other mowers and this one should work great for an average or small size yard .
 I recently purchased another copy of this via Amazon after my prior one ended up in someone else 's garage ; used for a year or so . If you buy it , here 's what you 'll find
 I live on a small lot in Austin , Texas . The grass is kind of tough and scrubby here , but that 's actually ideal for this type of mower . I love this mower because it 's quiet and does n't stink or make me go to the gas station , plus it 's a great work out ! It 's low maintenance and gives you acceptable performance . If you want a lovely manicured lawn , this is not the mower for you . This mower does a good job of keeping your grass at an acceptable level , but does n't do a good job of cutting most of the weeds I come across . Weeds that are really flexible or super long do not get cut by the blades . -LRB- Relax , it 's just a lawn ! -RRB- Something I did n't like is the fact that once the mower was assembled , the handle is crooked . It 's not that big of a deal , but it looks a little drunken because it 's not even . The Texas grass is hard on the blades , too . I 've mowed the grass 5 times and it 's already time to sharpen the blades . I advise you buy the blade sharpening kit at the same time as the mower to save yourself the hassle . I would definitely buy one of these again . I 'm happy with the product overall and it fits my needs .
 I am quite pleased with the mower . If one does not expect the mower to act like a gas-powered mower , then it is pretty smooth sailing . The other comments are correct that sticks will stop it dead , but they are easily removed by backing up . Some peskier weeds may have to be approached from multiple angles to cut them down , but this hassle seems worth it when one does not have to endure the fumes and noise of a gas-powered mower .
 This mower was cheap and at the price of gas right now i 'm sure glad I picked it up when I did . It does a great job on Grass , but it struggles with the thinly stalked wheat looking weeds . For smaller yards as well
 This is a great mower . If used properly , it will make your lawn look like a golf course fairway . This mower is so much better for the environment than conventional mowers and you get a good workout while using it as well .
 I purchased this mower to replace an older American Lawn Mower . I was satisfied with the now 23 year old 16 '' reel mower , but I bent the handle pushing the mower up a very , very steep slope . This new , replacement mower has an improved handle that will help to prevent the bent handle that incapacitated my old mower . The mower cuts well . It is relatively easy to push , and the exercise is free . I am totally satisfied with this mower .
 I bought this mower weeks ago , it is working fine in my 50x25 backyard except it 's easily locked by tiny plant stems . Once locked , you need to clear it with your hand . Generally , it is nice for its price .
 This mower has exceeded my expectations , besides being eco-friendly this mower is very easy to use . -LRB- 72 yr . female -RRB- I have a small area that needs mowing on occasion . The park I live in does our lawns if we want , but the large mowers were doing more harm than good . The most important thing is you have to clear the lawn of any debris .
 I replaced a gas mower that was taking me some 100 + pulls to start and then would flutter back and forth - so I was ready for anything else . With the American Lawn Mower Company 18-Inch Reel Mower # 1815-18 , here is what I have now -LRB- comparing to both gas and electric mowers I have used -RRB- : - mower that cuts cleaner - mower that cuts high , thick , St Augustine grass - mower that weighs less - mower that stores in 1/4 the space - mower that essentially runs quiet -LRB- little noise , but nothing compared to gas -RRB- - mower that does provide exercise -LRB- not any more than a normal push mower with a grass catcher attachment -RRB- - mower that is very maneuverable - mower with $ 0 in oil or gas or spark plugs or filters or etc. - mower that does not spew forth fumes - mower that mulchesIt does have some drawbacks - it will get caught on twigs and such -LRB- but they are easy to pull out by rotating the blade backwards with your foot -RRB- and it wo n't mow by pulling -LRB- you can only mow going forward -RRB- .
 This mower does a very nice job of cutting the lawn . But like any reel mower the grass has to be short it will not cut long grass . That is the biggest down fall of the reel mowers . It cuts even , shears the blades of grass cleanly and is extremely efficient on the gas . I bought this for my wife because she does not like my gas powered mower . She loves it , mowed the yard three times since I put it together for her , we have had it two weeks . Make sure you get the sharpening kit with this . If the blades are dull you wo n't get very far .
 the best way to cut a small to medium size warm season grass yard . Quiet , healthful , easy to push .
 I agree with all of the other reviews on this product except the comment about the weight . I am an engineer and was impressed with the weight to strength to cost trade offs . The shipping weight is 27lbs . versus 52lbs . for the simplest 3.5 HP Briggs and Stratton powered mower . I can pick it up with one hand on the center of the lower part of the handle , and stack it in my garage on top of other stuff . You ca n't do that with any power mower . I have never been more pleased with a purchase than this one . I put off buying a reel mower for years until this spring when I was fed up with a brand new Murray never cutting the grass level on slopes . I could barely push the Murray up our front yard , but I can push the reel mower up the hill in wet grass that is a bit too tall . The cut is spectacular , no brown ends and perfectly smooth . I can mow faster on the straight-a-ways with the reel mower -LRB- running and spewing out a fish tail of grass ! -RRB- , but a piece of cedar mulch or a twig can bring me to a dead stop . I just reverse the blade with my toe to release the culprit and start going again . Raising the cutting height decreases this problem . Mowing is fun if you have a clean , well-maintained lawn . My two complaints as mentioned in other reviews are that the height adjustment requires removing two bolts and replacing them -LRB- no tools required , wing nuts -RRB- , and by design it ca n't cut close to walls or fences . By the way , we have Bermuda grass that needs to be cut a minimum of once a week , but sometimes it is two weeks before I get to it ...
 I am so happy with this lawn mower . I just stroll around the lawn with ease . As a household of three women , my two daughters & myself we always argue as to who 's turn it is to mow the lawn . Now I do n't mind doing it . It 's quiet , relaxing and most of all easy to push , and I do n't have to start it or add gas ! It was also easy to put together & coming from someone who can just about hang a picture that is saying something . This mower is great . It 's funny my neighbor laughed & said wow I have n't seen one of those in years . Well he 'll see it every weekend & it wo n't wake up the neighbors . It 's great .
 This is the 2nd lawnmower of this type I have owned . The first one which is 3 years old still works but I bought a second just to have in case I need it . I have 1/3 an acre and I still use the reel power more often than a gas powered which I also have . This reel mower is quiet , very easy to push and it will cut very well if you put WD on it after every mow . Like other reviewers have said , this mower is not fond of branches and once in a while one will get stuck in the blades but simply back up and the twig leaves . The cut is never as clean as with a power mower but it is certainly acceptable and I cut the grass often because I enjoy it . I also do it at 6am and do not wake any of the neighbors . By the way , I am an older woman and disabled so for me , this mower is much better than a gas powered where the handle is so hard to pull . This mower is also easier to turn than a gas mower . Hey , I just might buy a third .
 I just had to try this mower out especially after reading all of the mostly positive reviews . I used to struggle trying to get my grass cut . -LRB- By the way ... I am a female who lives alone -RRB- . Without hardly any male acquaintances , I really did n't have too much help so I dreaded grass cutting season . But , since I 'm a woman with confidence and determination I figured I could handle my acre lot by myself . Well , after purchasing my 6.5 HP Craftsman -LRB- self-propelled -RRB- , I tackled my yard for one year . Buying gas and oil was no problem but I hit a snag one day when I could n't get the darn thing to start . -LRB- I must have yanked that cord 20 times ! -RRB- I guess I did n't realize it needed to be tuned up -LRB- spark plugs , new blades , fresh gas etc. -RRB- . It got to be too much for me so I gave up and hired a landscaping company to cut my grass . I was in heaven ... until they started missing my bi-weekly appointments . Needless to say , I fired them . I started worrying because I knew I had to get the grass cut so I did some research and found this nifty machine . I ordered it from Amazon on Monday and by Wednesday it was on my door step . Assembly was quite simple . As others have stated , it does not produce an even cut which is fine with me . -LRB- I 'm not entering a lawn contest -RRB- . I did have to go over each strip 2-3 times but that was expected since this was my first cut of the season and certain spots were at least 6 inches . It jammed a couple times on lawn debris which was easy to clear . It definitely was a good work-out -LRB- which I needed -RRB- . There were several , tough , long grassy strands that it would n't even penetrate . It just rolled right over them . I had to use the hedge trimmers to cut those . Overall , I 'm happy with my purchase and highly recommend this mower to anyone , especially women who have had a rough time getting their grass cut using other methods . No more throttles to pull , trips to the gas station , smokey fumes or costly repairs . It got the job done ! My house does n't look abandoned anymore . Yippee !
 I grew up using a power mower to maintain lawns , but after a few weeks with this mower , I 'm not sure I 'd go back to using a gas-powered mower . This may be the only purchase I 've ever made that went against my wife 's wishes , but she seems to have come to terms with my purchase , and even admits that the mower yields good results.This mower will not give you that perfect , even cut that a typical gas-powered mower will produce , but a friend and I agreed that we both like that the result is not 100 % perfect . There 's a certain beauty in the minor imperfections.Other reviewers have stated that twigs and rocks will bring the mower to a grinding halt . They certainly will , but considering that a power mower can turn those objects into potentially dangerous projectiles , I 'm quite comfortable with backing up , and removing the obstacle.Weeds and thicker blades of grass will require an extra pass or two , but my experience has been that they will fall victim to the blades . One effective trick that I recently discovered , is to give the mower a forceful push , and then stop it directly over the stubborn grass or weed , letting the mower blades rotate for a few seconds . The weed/grass will get caught in the rotating blades , and will be cut . For particularly recalcitrant weeds , you 'll have to break down and pull them , which is the only way I know -LRB- aside from sprays -RRB- that will eliminate the weed for good.I ca n't speak for all grass types , and do not know that much about grass myself . I know when I first used this mower on our new property , the grass was about four or five inches high , and went down without a fight.I would recommend this mower to anyone . Your neighbors may look at you a little strangely at first , and generously offer their gas-powered mowers , but you 'll be happy you made the purchase . Lawn mowing has become a much less arduous task , and I am quite happy with my purchase .
 Lawns in my neighborhood are n't half-acre or acre expanses , they 're the 1-2000 sqft left over after putting the house on 1/8 acre.Every Saturday , I hear others starting up their power rotary mowers , edgers , and leaf blowers ; most have packed it in , in about 15 minutes . I used to deal with the Briggs & Stratton Small Engine Maintenance & Repair Manual , but IT JUST IS N'T WORTH IT ! Nor is it necessary , for small areas.American Lawn Mower Company has been making the alternative for quite a few years , an American company making quality mowers `` the old fashioned way '' , right here in the good old USA.Some argue that reel mower 's method of cutting off grass blades , more like scissors than a rotary mower 's hacking , is better for grass.But I like the quiet , the undisturbed serenity , and even the exercise of giving it a little -LRB- not onerous -RRB- push.It 's easy to use , easy to care for , and does a good job . -LRB- A lot of golf courses also prefer to use reel mowers , with a tractor and outriggers of reels to make a large swath . -RRB- This one wo n't get within a couple inches of a wall and , if you have delayed mowing for a while and have some tall , hard seed stalks coming up , it may have difficulty slicing them off . Both make an occasional trim with a spin trimmer -LRB- or other means -RRB- necessary.But there 's just no comparison between the noisy hassles of a rotary mower with the peaceful serenity of mowing your lawn with one of American 's reels.It 's not perfectly safe -LRB- think `` running with scissors '' -RRB- , but it is MUCH safer than a powered mower , and probably suitable for older children , or even younger ones while supervised.Note
 After a friend bought one of these , I was intrigued so I asked to use it to mow both my front and rear lawn . It was a bit of a workout -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- and I was so impressed that I bought one for myself to replace my standard gas mower -LRB- 22 '' Briggs & Stratton -RRB- . So , it came a few days later and took all of 10 minutes to assemble -LRB- just the handle -RRB- . Other reviewers have stated some of the things below , but I will too -LRB- from my perspective -RRB- . - this unit -LRB- and other reel mowers -RRB- are really a breath of fresh air . No fumes to mess with . - this is not for the ego-challenged suburbanites who pride themselves on the $ 500 gas `` Cadillac '' mower and buy computers based on Megahertz rating . I will leave it at that . - this unit cuts incredibly fine if the yard was properly cut beforehand -LRB- not mowing for the first time all year at 4 '' height could cause a problem -RRB- . No grasscatcher needed at all . - I live in Oklahoma with almost all standard Bermudagrass , which grows at a rapid pace in summer with our 95-degree days . I find I have to mow a little more often with this mower , which is no big deal since it really is quite relaxing to use . - After using this mower twice and not having used a gas mower for over 10 days on my lawn , I was * really * impressed by how much greener my Bermudagrass was . Seriously . It seems the `` chopping '' of the gas mower -LRB- which would leave nasty circle sometimes -RRB- was less healthy for my grass than this reel mower 's cut , which seemingly mulches the grass clippings and seals the blades themselves . A quick Google search on some horticulture sites confirmed that reel mowers are the most healthy way to mow a lawn -LRB- for any grass -RRB- . - I have to overlap rows to ensure I get all blades cut . I generally overlap about 1/3 of the mower 's wdith to ensure each pass gets cut about twice -LRB- roughly -RRB- . - Another reviewer said that just after mowing with this mower , it will not have the pristine , `` just cut '' look a gas mower usually provides . This is true - there are no `` tracks '' to indicate to others that the yard was just mowed . Umm , for me I have easily gotten used to having a much more greener yard with a total and whole `` cut look '' than having 20-inch tracks throughout the yard . Once you get used to it , it 's not an issue . After I get done mowing , the yard is pretty darn close to perfection -LRB- as in a gas mower cut -RRB- , and looks `` whole '' . - I cut my Bermudagrass at the lowest-height setting -LRB- 1/2 '' -RRB- and my yard looks fantastic at that setting with proper watering and fertilizing very few months . - The foam handle makes this mower extremely easy to handle and use , and it does give a decent aerobic workout if it takes 30 minutes or so to mow . Very nice indeed . I 've never had a self-propelled gas mower either , since I view yardwork as exercise and not `` armchair quarterbacking '' . - Instead of continuing to pollute , I bought a rechargeable blower and trimmer and now can completely take care of my yards without any gas pollution whatsoever . Ca n't say that for my neighbors and their guzzling SUVs and huge and noisy gas mowers . - Do n't want to continue bashing gas mower `` people '' -LRB- because I was one for a long time -RRB- , but try one of these and make a change . If you take care of your lawn with a gas mower now , the transition to this reel mower will be simple and more than likely , you 'll enjoy mowing again . - Ca n't stress this enough - like many reviewers have said , spray the blades with WD-40 after every mow and the next time you will have a well-oiled machine -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- with perfectly sharp blades , which will mow extremely quiet . I have mowed once at 7:30 am -LRB- was bored -RRB- and did not wake a soul in my neighborhood since this thing was so quiet -LRB- much less noise than a rechargeable trimmer -RRB- . Nothing is quite as bothersome as sitting on the deck in a backyard with a nice * beverage * and being deafened by a gas mower starting as soon as you begin to relax.That 's it . I have started conversations with neighbors already who ca n't believe I am using 100-year old technology to mow my yard , but they all come away impressed with the cut and my explanation -LRB- s -RRB- . I am keeping the gas mower for now , but it will probably go away soon . Some things in life are best enjoyed simple when everything else is so complex , and this is one of those things .
 I was tepid about this item , I waited for almost a month before I bought one . I checked every web site , read every review , and calculated how much I could spend . I got mine today and it has been a really good buy . It took me about 20 minutes to put it together -LRB- you need 2 11mm wrenches -RRB- and I was off and cutting my lawn . The manual says that it the cutting blade is already set at the factory but you may find that you may have to done some tweaking of your own to get the cut that you want . It 's not that heavy either , and pushing it , you will get a good work out !! I think I made a good buy .
 I hope my breathing does not exceed the CO2 output of my gas mower , or CA will tax my CO2 output when it goes past 1kg a day.No engine , only a little harder than pushing the heavier gas mower , if you have a heart condition check with your doc first.It does not get all the blades sometimes , and the lawn has to be clean . Best if you keep up with the growth.Good exercise and no fumes . Great for getting into the crease in a hill .
 This mower is a good alternative to gas powered mowers for small to medium yards . The just-mowed look of a lawn where this is used looks much healthier than that of a gas-powered mower . The only problems are with crab grass and non-level spots in the yard . Crab grass tends to spread out -LRB- not up as much -RRB- when it grows . You have to go over these spots a few times to get it cut .
 Till now my husband has been responsible for the yard but his technique was to let it grow calf-high and then tackle it . I decided I wanted to take it on but really did n't want to deal with our gas mower . I read tons of reviews and decided on this 18 '' American Lawn Mower because it was a great price -LRB- I purchased for $ 89.50 through Amazon with free shipping -RRB- and had really good reviews . Also I thought the padded U handlebar and larger cutting width would be beneficial which I think was correct . My hubby was positive it was a waste of money and I 'd be disappointed , weird since he works with a solar company and is environmentally friendly . Now having used it , I doubt we 'll ever go back to the gas mower again . It was really easy to assemble and work with . I left it at the manufacturer cutting height and it seemed like a good setting . I submitted a photo to exhibit the uncut grass vs cut . I think it shows what a decent job it does . The mower makes a very nostalgic whirring noise while in use ; it reminded me of those old sparking ray guns . Yes , it leaves grass seedlings and weeds up ; I really did n't think it was a big deal though . Twigs were a minor issue . Having read reviews I tried to pick up most but it was really the little ones that would get lodged . If the branches were lying flat it was a non-issue . A simple twist of the reel lets them fall out anyway . I kept gardening gloves on so I could grab the reel without thought . We also have occasional pebbles in our yard and that was no problem . My parents were very concerned about safety ; honestly this has to be at least 10 times safer than a power mower . It 's a great workout too . All in all awesome purchase that both my husband and I can feel good about .
 I 've had this Reel Mower for two weeks now , and I keep asking myself , ` Why did I wait so long ? ' I have a small lawn and it takes me less than 15 minutes to mow the entire yard . Cutting the grass is no longer a chore , it 's more like gardening , quite and peaceful , except for that ` whirring ' sound as the blades turn , which I have n't heard since , well , forever.Don ' t even bother with a catcher , because the lawn mower works best if you use it a few times a week . I do n't look at this as a down side , just one of the things that you 'll want to consider . For less than a hundred bucks it 's one of the best purchases I 've made in a very long time . Enjoy !
 The reel mower is easy to use , quite simple actually . Setup was easy , it took me about 10 minutes to assemble it from the box . My first mowing with it was the day that my lawn turned 95 % green from the winter . -LRB- Likely too soon to really cut , but I was excited . -RRB- The mower was easy to push , of course in most places I was taking off about a quarter of an inch . A week later I took the mower out again to cut off about 1/2 an inch . It was slightly harder to push than the first cutting , but not a considerable challenge . The only major difficulty is that I have bark wood chips in some of my landscaping which the squirrels and birds love to kick around onto the lawn . Plan on picking these pieces up prior to mowing , or you will be stopping , pushing the reel back and picking up the pieces as you mow.Pros
 I like my push powered lawn mower for 3 reasons :1 . I get to walk around and can hear the birds , wind , etc. . . , while giving it a good trim , and leaving nonclumpy clippings .2 . No gasoline smell , nor gasoline consumption for cutting lawn -LRB- I really want to use my money for something other than cutting giant pieces of land only for looks and community regulations . -RRB- 3 . I understand pretty much everything on the machine , as it is really simple and durable . Quality joints and parts - US made.Two Dislikes :1 . Any hard object about the size of a finger can stop man and machine immediately .2 . I 'm not in good enough shape to cover my entire backyard , as my mower takes more effort on my part . I usually pass by a patch of lawn twice to make sure I get the lengths even .
 We have Empire Zoysia and we installed 29 pallets around a year ago -LRB- 11,600 sq -RRB- . We have been treating the grass correctly , but we have been mowing the grass with a self-propelled rotary mower . It looks good when its cut , but it does make the lawn look like yellowish color for a couple of days , because it breaks/rips the leaf , leaving it vulnerable for diseases.We heard from other people to use a reel mower that its very good for zoysia . We purchased the American Lawn Mower about 1 month ago , and let me tell you , we LOVE IT . We have used the reel mower 2x already , but its winter time and the grass wo n't grow much , but we would it have loved it was summer to cut it weekly . Not only leaves the grass with a beautiful green color , it is an awesome way to workout , and you can use it at ANY TIME without waking up your neighbors =-RRB- . The way the reel mower works , it cuts the leaf uniform , not leaving the leaf vulnerable to diseases . Its like when a person needs a haircut , you go to a barber to get it done.The American Lawn Mower its a good product , VERY EASY to assemble , and we recommend it for the people that have zoysia . We give 10 out 10 . We received the product like 4 days after we placed the order . Thanks to all those involved =-RRB- .
 My wife and I thought this would be great punishment for our thirteen year old , turned out to back fire on us he likes it so much he mows every day but Sunday . He thinks its cool .
 This is a great mower . We got it about 4 weeks ago and we have used it three times . It was very easy to put together . My husband does most of the work , but I tried it and it even worked for me . You have to pick up a bit of speed to get a good cut , but it 's not too hard . I am not very big/strong and I was able to cut a nice chunk of our yard going up and down the hill with no problem . Our lot is half an acre and it does not take my husband much longer to cut the grass using this reel mower versus a self propelled gas mower -LRB- he thought that the self propelled mowers were too slow -RRB- . We like that the price was low and we never have to buy gas . It helps us feel like we are being more `` green '' . The main differences between this mower and a gas mower :1 . You really have to pick up all the sticks in your yard before you start to use it because even fairly small sticks will cause it problems . I had a few sticks get stuck and to get them out you can usually just back up a little and they will fall out , sometimes you need to reach down and pull them out , but it 's easy -LRB- not enough of a difference to switch back to gas -RRB- .2 . You do n't have to start an engine . In the past I have had trouble pulling the string fast enough to start a gas mower . With this one I could use it without anyone helping me to get it started .3 . It does not smell as bad as a gas mower .4 . It cuts the grass versus tearing the grass .5 . It is not as loud as a gas mower .6 . It costs a lot less to buy , use and maintain than a gas mower .7 . It is a lot lighter than a gas mower.We did buy the sharpening kit , but we have not had to use it yet.We were very excited to get our Reel Mower and after using it we highly recommend it to everyone .
 This mower is lightweight , easy to assemble , and very quiet . Does a good job in thick grass and rarely jams when you hit twigs and sticks . As with other reel mowers it does n't cut tall weeds very well . Some of the information in the manual was unclear .
 We originally purchased the Scotts 20 '' Reel Mower . It was awful but we decided to give the American 18 '' a try . This mower works great . We purchased this mower to save on gas and like the added health benefits . -LRB- My husband actually jogs around the yard with it . -RRB- We are pleased with the mowing results so far .
 It works pretty well . And as many reviews mentioned , it will be stuck if there is a little stick getting in the blade . A good means of exercising and working on yards at the same time . A lot quieter than a gas mower and no gas smell . I love it .
 I have a lumpy AND weedy lawn and this thing works fantastically -LRB- though I pluck the dandelions by hand so not terribly full of weeds ... -RRB- . Yes , twigs will stop it -- all you have to do is dislodge the offending object and carry on with your merry mowing way.Excellent upper arm workout when you let the grass get a bit thick , but if you stay on top of it you 're going to be just fine . Handle is a bit wiggly , but it may have been how I put it together . Keep a close eye on all the wingnuts if you have a rough landscape like mine
 I recently bought one of these mowers and I love it . I bought it because I wanted something that was eco-friendly . So far this has been a great product . It 's quieter than gas mower and does a good job cutting my grass . Some of my family told me that a reel mower would be really hard to push , but I found that to be the complete opposite with this one . It 's not much harder than a powered mower .
 It is sometimes a pleasure to use this mower . No gas , no oil , no flying projectiles or dirt being stirred up . It is nice and quiet . It did not do well on high weeds with stalks on them . I have tried to lower the blade height , but it was too hard for me to do . I still like it though and am happy I purchased it .
 Works wonderfully on our small yard . No more fumes or struggling to get a mower started . No gas needed !! The only problem I 've encountered is that you have to be careful not to pick up small sticks as these have a tendency to catch in the blades .
 great lawn mower for the money . it cuts the grass beautifully , even better than the electric or gas mowers.i would recommend it to everyone .
 This mower is very easy to push . It cuts very easily and gives you a good workout if you jog . I can cut my small lawn in 5 minutes ! No pollution , no hassle of adding oil or getting gas . Plus no hassle of getting tethered to an extension cord .
 I 've used this mower 3-4 times since getting it . I think it is great and really takes me back to when I was a kid . It works very well . It took about a half hour to put together . My friend bought the same one a couple weeks before and he liked his so much I got one , and needed a new mower . No more noise and gas containers .
 I live in a TOWNHOUSE community in HOUSTON , TEXAS where ST. AUGUSTINE turf is one of the few types of GRASS that will survive our summers . This spring I had new SOD laid in front of my TOWNHOUSE . In about -LSB- 2 -RSB- weeks it was really starting to look good . The groundskeepers judged that it was ready to MOW and their 600 LB rotary mower KILLED it . New sod was laid on July 13 , 2004 and that 's when I checked on the various types of mowers available . The American Lawn Mower Company 1815-18 18 '' Reel Mower had the best rating so that 's what I bought . Assembly was a BREEZE . The instructions were clear and complete . The downside was installing the foam rubber handle cover -LSB- using HOT SOAPY WATER as a lubricant made the installation possible -RSB- . On AUGUST 3 , 2004 I had to MOW the grass because it 's height was approaching 4 '' . THIS MOWER WORKS FLAWLESSLY . The blades are sharp and the cut -LSB- I CROSS-CUT IT -RSB- is EVEN ! If they were going to make an improvement , I 'd suggest increasing the cutting height range to -LSB- 1 '' to 3 '' -RSB- from -LSB- 1/2 '' to 2-1/4 '' -RSB-
 I 've been using the 18 '' American reel mower for 4 months now and I have learned a few things about using this type of mower . First , you do need to mow more than once a month . If your lawn is larger than a 1/2 acre and/or you believe that grass should be cut 1 time per completion of the lunar cycle , this is not the mower for you . What you thinking ? There is an inverse relationship between the desire to mow only when it is a foot or so high and the quality of your lawn . Anyway , for the majority of us this mower will work fine . I found that if you lightly spray the blades with WD-40 , the mower is much easier to push . Also , a reel style mower does not lift the blades of grass with suction as a power mower does . This lack of suction leaves a lot of debris untouched , such as leaves . So you may still need to either rake every 3 months or so or use a power mower . The reel mower does not leave the lawn with that `` Just Mowed '' look . It just is not going to happen , no matter how many passes you make . The lawn will look as though it was mowed 2 days ago as soon as you finish mowing . The sooner you accept this , the better . Finally , this mower does provide some great exercise . Although , I found that with the WD-40 trick it is easier to push than a powered mower , you do have to make twice as many passes to get similar results . But in the end if chose that mower , you are doing so because you are a bit of a free thinker , and maybe you do not what to keep up with Jones ' and there f *** king power mower .
 Easy to assemble . Easier to use . The easiest pushing , sharpest lawn mower I have used in the past 15 years . My experience , however , is limited to 4 sessions with the mower . It appears to be solid and well built .
 I did a fair amount of research before buying this product . I wanted to use a reel mower because of its environmental benefits . Similarly I wanted to find something that was made domestically , again , to reduce the carbon footprint associated with shipping products from China and China 's poor environmental practices with respect to manufacturing.SO I was please to find American Lawnmower Company and to learn that they still produce mowers in the USA . Unfortunately this is NOT a mower they make here . It seems some of their products are made here and some are not . I wish this info had been available either on Amazon or on ALMC 's website.That detail aside however , the mower is pretty good . It pushes with ease and seems to do a darn good job on my scruffy uneven lawn . I have serious doubts about the longevity of the handle . It seem the chief design criteria was to make the handle break down small enough to ship in a 20 ' box . The resulting handle is comprised of 5 parts and a pile of screws . This abundance of failure points combined with some pretty loose tolerance mating parts make the handle feel really spongy and will almost certainly case the thing to snap off at one of the many screw holes.In the end though it still seems like a good value and certainly much better than some smoke belching gas mower .
 I bought this lawn mower in May 2008 to use as a supplemental mower . I use a Black and Decker 24-Volt Cordless Electric Mulching Mower as the primary mower for my half acre lawn , but I frequently run out of battery power before I complete the job.PROS : Easy to assembleThe mower is very light and easy to pushCuts the lawn razor sharp - - beautiful cutQuiet - - do n't have to wear hearing -LSB- ear -RSB- protectionNo need to go to the gym . This is a great workout.One of the best `` eco-friendly '' tools I haveOverall , good investment for the priceCONS : Does not cut long grass well - - best when used if the grass is no longer than 3-4 inches high.The handle seems a bit flimsy in design.Pick up larger sticks before cutting the lawn , otherwise the blades may get stuck and the mower will come to a sudden stop . Can be difficult to push afterwards.You will spend a longer time cutting the lawn with this mower -LSB- but it really is fun ! -RSB- RECOMMENDATIONS : Use for a smaller lawnDo n't use on wet grassDo n't let the grass get too long -LSB- mow more often -RSB- Keep the blades sharp -LSB- buy the sharpening kit -RSB- Great mower to have as a supplemental mowerSmile when cutting grass , because I can guarantee you will be getting a good workout!Your heart will thank you and the planet will thank you as well !
 I had a Sears Craftsman reel mower that I was given 10 years ago , it had seen heavy service as it was used commercially . Four years ago it broke down and after fabricating the worn out part a couple times I decided to do on-line research and purchase a new reel mower . The reviews for the 1815-16 and 1815-18 where good and I saw it was manufactured in the USA so I bought the 18 . Upon receiving the mower I was VERY DISSAPPOINTED to see it was now manufactured in `` China '' of all places . The manufacturers website states
 Update Sept 2012
 I am delighted with this mower ! That 's not to say that it does n't have its draw-backs . There are reasons , afterall , why humanity unanimously abondoned push reel mowers a half century ago . Mainly because they get hard to push in lush grass and can easily get jammed . Indeed , if you get this , your 18-horse power gas -LRB- guzzling -RRB- engine toting motor-headed neighbors will laugh when a dime-sized piece of mulch stops your mower dead in its tracks.But the advantages are many . Frst off grasscycling works
 I have a very small lawn so theres no point in getting an expensive gas mower . Plus , it helps to do my part in staying green .
 We have been pleasantly surprised by this wonderful mower . It it is quiet and easy to use ... and peaceful
 I bought this mower after going through a gas motor on average every two years . I was pleasently surprised to discover that this mower moved through the grass as quickly and as easily as a power mower . It did an excellent job and it did n't pick up and chew rocks up like my power motors . It does the job . It almost seems too easy . Ofcourse , I only have a third of an acre , but can do it just as quickly as with a power mower and I am saving gas , tune ups , breakdowns , and the environment . If the grass does get too long you may have to do a double run in a few areas , but not a big deal .
 No noise , no smells , no oil , no gas.Just me and the grass ; click , click , click.I 've owned this thing for 3 years and had to sharpen it once . Works like a charm and so much better for my peace of mind and poor ears.S
 I have so far been very satisfied with this reel mower . The mower cuts well . I do have to occasionally go over an area twice , but I guess you do with a gas mower also . This mower works perfectly for our small townhouse lawn and I love now having to listen to a loud engine while mowing.I have only two negative things about the mower . 1 -RRB- The handle is not as sturdy as I would like . Because it comes as two pieces and must be put together it feels like it bends a little too much at times . 2 -RRB- The mower is made in China . I thought I was buying an American made product , but I forgot to read the small writing on the manufacturer 's website that said , `` Product manufactured in the USA and throughout the world . `` American Lawn Mower Company 18-Inch Reel Mower # 1815-18
 Cutting the lawn with this manual mower is a workout even though the cutting is smooth and effortless . It makes no noise at all , uses no gas or electricity and leaves the yard looking beautiful . The only downside is the ease with which the screws holding together the top handle with the blade get loose . I had to adjust them every now and then but still manage to get loose for some reason . If the metal frame was one solid piece this would be the perfect mower .
 Very good to use in my medium size yard and again it was what I expectedit to be when I purchased it
 I feel in touch with nature when I mow with this . Its so simple and easy to push . You ca n't let the grass get too tall though , otherwise it is impossible to push . It is plenty strong too ... though not strong enough to last for too long at a fraternity house . However , it was never stolen like the last 3 gas mowers were .
 This mower is easy to use and effective . It gave a very even cut . Twigs will jam it occasionally , however some twigs it will roll over and some it can snap and keep going . It is a bigger workout than I ever got using my electric mower . I mostly felt the strain in my forearms , but it really is not difficult . Cut all the fescue , bluegrass , clover , violets , crab grass , dandelions , etc. . I have in my lawn with no problems , and my lawn looks better than it ever has . Cuttings do collect on the bottom bar which I found a little annoying , but I just blew it off prior to storage . I 'm very happy with the purchase and would recommend this mower to anyone .
 I bought this so I could mow while taking care of my granddaughter . It works great for doing just that . I can stop , take care of whatever , and start again without having to restart the mower . Best of all , I do n't have to worry about hitting a rock or a twig and it being thrown out . It does a pretty good job . Our yard is not weed free or a smooth surface but we have pretty good luck with it cutting . There are a few stragglers here and there . You definitely need to pick up sticks before you mow as just a small twig will `` jam '' the blades . It is an easy fix if it does happen . As in other reviews , you ca n't mow right up next to fences , landscape edgings , etc. . I might like it a little better if the handle was a little longer . I would recommend this product .
 This lawn mower works very well . It 's not too heavy and is made almost entirely of metal . Just make sure you mow often - it does have trouble when the grass is very high . Highly recommend this lawn mower !
 Works great for cutting small yards . Minimal upkeep , no extra costs for gas , oil etc. . Cuts just as quickly as a self-propelled gas mower , but obviously you have to be willing to push it . Because of the weight difference , if the grass is not too high it is n't much different then pushing a gas mower.Good price on a quality product .
 I am a busy mother with a small fenced playground , and my giant riding mower wo n't fit through the gate , so I bought this number at a garage sale for $ 15 . After printing the manual off of the wonderful -LSB- ... -RSB- website , I just lowered the blades with some basic tools , and off I went . It was satisfying to not have to start a stinky , loud riding mower , and to see the bright green grass falling off the blades ! But , I found that there is one weed in particular that WILL not be defeated by the reel mower ! It has a long green stem with a fuzzy head on the end , and it just bends over and lies flat on the ground . Very frustrating . The reel mower also balks very suddenly if it encounters any sticks , but even Magnolia leaves are chopped to bits , which is handy in parts of the yard . This would be a great purchase for a small yard with perfect green grass and no sticks . It is a pleasure to cut grass with this mower !
 When I went searching for a mower , I wanted to by one that is made in the USA . This is it and I am so happy with my pick . It cuts great , is n't all that hard to push and is great exercise !
 Works like a charm , Cuts the grass as long as you know that push mowers do n't cut long grass!Quiet , clean , green and healthy.Just what the doctor ordered , or would have if I needed to be told .
 The nicest aspects of this mower are that it is VERY SAFE even for the kids to use -LRB- YES ! and they will even ask to have a turn at mowing -RRB- , it Never requires gas and You can easily talk on the phone as you push it .
 1 -RRB- As noted correctly in a previous review , it is critical to attach the lower end of the handle to the mower unit FIRST ; then attach the upper half of the handle to the lower half . Otherwise the handle is impossible , or nearly impossible to attach to the mower , as the directions call for .2 -RRB- Contrary to a previous review , and the product name `` AMERICAN Lawn Mower '' ... this well constructed lawn mower is MADE IN CHINA !! I bought it thinking it was American made > : + / but am happy anyway .3 -RRB- It seems to be very well made and its ' cutting performance is smooth & excellent .
 The mower arrived quickly and in good condition . It is a good quality item and mows well . The only difficulty I had was in assembly ; primarily attaching the handle to the blades . Because the handle is good quality , it did not bend easily to attach it to the 2 holding studs . If you get this mower , I recommend that you first attach the lower handle to the blades , then attach the upper part . It was still hard to push but at least I was able to get it done without help . All-in-all , I would recommend this mower .
 I was skeptical about purchasing a manual lawn mower because I believed my grass would not be cut sufficiently , however , I was incorrect on my assessment . The American Lawn Mower is a great buy , since using it , I now go out and mow my lawn each week to get the exercise and to enjoy my new toy . I am a petite woman and this is an easy chore for me to do especially when you get little help from other family members to cut the grass .
 We have a small backyard and disliked the hassle and noise of our gas lawnmower . Our daughter used one in her yard with great success - quick and simple cutting ! This particular mower is lightweight , easy to manage and cuts great . Takes no time at all to cut the grass now . It 's MADE IN THE USA TOO ! We are very pleased and are happy to recommend it .
 If you have never used a push reel mower , do n't expect miracles . However , as push reel mowers go , it is acceptable and the price is reasonable . It is a bit harder to push than Scott 's push reel mower which has 4 wheels but cuts about the same .
 I 've been `` green '' for some time . I use a corded electric -LRB- Earthwise 50220 -RRB- set at 4 '' to mow once a year the 4,000 sqft of Liriope Spicata in late fall/early winter on the 30 + degree slope in front of my property . I do not have a lawn -LRB- also no homeowner 's association ! -RRB- ... lotsa flowers in the garden instead . But near the street are some grass strips that do need to be mowed almost weekly . I purchased the push mower for that purpose so that I did n't need to drag the 12/3 cords to the sidewalk anymore . I use the highest 23/4 inch setting for this . Note
 I read countless reviews about reel mowers before making this purchase . I really wanted to go `` greener '' and also help out my husband with the lawn work . I 'm a 42 yo moderately in-shape woman who had never mowed a lawn in her life before now . I hate gas-powered equipment and ca n't maneuver a rotary mower , so I thought a reel mower would be the way to go . Some reviews almost scared me off , but I 'm so glad I did n't let them ! Also , I almost went with the new `` fancy '' reel mower from a brand that starts with `` F. '' I 'm glad I decided to save the money and try this first . It is just the right size and weight , very easy to maneuver , and leaves the lawn looking better than with a rotary motor . The grass looks `` softer '' -LRB- according to my daughters -RRB- and it does n't leave streaky mow lines . I have NO IDEA what people are talking about when they say this mower is hard to maneuver or push . It is much easier than our gas-powered rotary mower . It does stop if u pick up a stick or piece of mulch in it , but you just stop , spin the blades backwards to dislodge it , and off you go . It is n't that big a deal . If you have more weeds than grass , I guess that could be a problem , but seriously , who wants weeds ? I kill the weeds with a broadleaf weed killer and fertilize the grass , so I have a nice lawn . Also , I live in a mountainous region . My yard is VERY hilly and it is still easy to mow . No problem at all . REALLY . Get this mower . It 's also a great conversation starter with the neighbors , mailmen , etc. : D
 I ordered this last week and it came today just when promised . My kids , 10 and 8 , we excited about this . We immediately put it together in about ten minutes and my 8 year old son took it to the backyard and began to mow . It was very easy for him . It doesnt cut the spikes and sticks do get stuck but its totally worth not paying $ 4 dollars a gallon to put gas in a lawn mower . I am very pleased and my son is talking about mowing family yards for money . Excellent product !
 I went for a push-reel mower because of the price ; the ease of use ; and for environmental reasons -LRB- quieter operation and no gas fumes -RRB- . I could 've sworn that when I purchased this mower a couple weeks ago that the description said it was `` Made in USA '' and I thought that with a name like `` American Lawn Mower '' company that could be true . The box arrived and it said `` Made in China '' and it looks like the price has gone up too . That gripe aside , the mower does its job . My lot is approximately 1/2 acre with a mixture of flat areas and undulations . Like other reviewers have said , if you run over a small branch/piece of mulch/hard object the mower will stop dead in it 's tracks . Thankfully my yard is 80 % grass , 5 % trees , and 15 % bare spots -LRB- thanks to the previous owner 's lack of care -RRB- . If the grass gets too tall the mower wo n't quite cut it because it will push the entire grass blade down rather than feed it into the cutting surface . Multiple passes can be necessary in thicker spots . The mower is relatively light -LRB- maybe 40-50 lbs ? -RRB- and very easy to get into operation . You take it out of the shed , put it on the grass , face it in the direction you want to go , and start walking . There is more noise than I expected -LRB- from the rotary blades scraping against the cutting edge like scissors -RRB- but it is nominal compared to a gas mower . Of course there are no gas fumes or kicked up dust to breath in . Just the smell of fresh cut grass . One last bonus is watching the tops of dandelions getting lopped off like a bizarre reenactment of the French revolution .
 I have a 40 ` x50 ' yard with a slight uphill grade and I found this mower to be perfect for my needs . I have by no stretch of the imagination a ` perfect ' lawn , I just want to be able to keep the grass at a manageable height . On average it takes me about 15 minutes to mow my lawn and I suspect it would go more quickly if I did n't have to navigate around my fire pit.Quiet , clean , efficient , effective - if you can walk , you can mow . I love that I can mow whenever I want without disturbing my neighbors !
 Originally , I worried about purchasing this product because I do not have a perfect yard . I have trees , and there are twigs on the ground , and sometimes they do get stuck in the blades , but they are easy to remove . The mower does a great job . I do n't have a small yard , so I have to mow in sections , but this is not a problem , and it is a good work-out . My gas-powered mower can sit in the shed until it is time to collect leaves and bag them . For the remainder of the summer , I will be using this mower , and with gas prices soaring , it will eventually pay for itself many times over .
 This mower may not be for everyone . If you have to routinely `` beat '' your lawn down , this mower is not for you , though while waiting for my 16 '' reel to arrive my grass got long . As mentioned by others , if this is the case , you have to rake it upright , cut it , rake some more , then cut again . The mower is very light and it is not a chore . Chances are if you are researching this type of mower , then you are n't a slob anyways.I have a small townhouse lot and it is perfect , though I was thinking that a larger home lot would n't be any different since you 'd likely have to push a much heavier gas mower around.I got my 16 '' for $ 90 on sale with free shipping -LRB- yeah ! -RRB- , it arrived very quickly -LRB- do n't spend the $ $ $ on a rush order -RRB- , however , I gave it 4 out of 5 only because I noticed some barely perceptible rusting in recessed corners even though it is stored in a shed -- hope this will not be an issue in the future ...
 I bought this from someone for $ 5 , did n't work when I got it well . However , I bought a sharpening kit and it works fabulous ! Tons of people told me a push mower would never work in this area because of the type of grass . Do n't believe anyone until you try it yourself . My lawn gets easier to cut by the week with this thing .
 Truly great . No fatique/exhaustion caused from burning oil fumes . No pollution from use . Much easher than even a self-propelled oil burner .
 The mower works great after making a few ajustments , problems with finding parts .
 Relative to a gas mower , the American 18 '' is quieter , safer , better for the environment and even national security -- you wo n't be adding to the motivation for further resource wars . It also cuts grass well , and leaves a good amount of clippings for natural mulching.I do n't think it would work well on very tall grass or uneven ground .
 I have a very small yard that is mostly pusley weeds -LRB- a small , matted vine with white/pink flowers about the size of clover -RRB- and trees . It also has quite a few sticks , stems and wood chips from around the trees . So , I was a bit worried about using one of these given all the talk about not cutting weeds and jamming up on debris . But , I was pleasantly surprised that it cut the low/matted weeds just fine . And it was very easy to use/push . Easier than I remember from having used them many years ago . I had to overlap and go over a few areas to get it nice and clean , but it worked out well.It does jam if you run over a stick just the right way . But , I passed over plenty that were under the grass that did n't jam it . The worst in that regard was an area around my mailbox which had lots of debris around it . Otherwise , I trimmed right up to and even into . . the wood chips surrounding the base of my trees and did n't have a problem . If it 's lower than your blade ... and not sticking up , you are more likely not going to have a problem with it . So , given this is an issue with `` all '' reel type mowers ... I did n't find this one particularly sensitive to that . The other common mention was `` weeds '' but I can clarify that a bit more . Weeds that stick up -LRB- stalks -RRB- . Clover , matted weeds close to ground , etc. . cut just fine with proper height adjustment . But , anything tall/stalky , etc. . is a problem . I dont ' have many things like that in my yard since the pusley weed pretty much took over the whole yard . The few that I did ... I pulled or use a line trimmer on.Assembly was with no tools . And everything seems sturdy enough . It 's pretty simple . I did have to lower the wheels to get the mow height I wanted and that turned out to be a bit more work than I expected , but also easy enough . There 's a 3 position adjustment that 's accessible but only adjusts fine increments . The larger adjustments are on the frame and you have to take the nut off the wheels/axle to lower the unit within the frame . The bolt head and the nut are different sizes and the included wrench fit neither . The nut on the backside of the frame is inside the rotary blade area . So , it was a little hard to get to and hold the nut while I turned the bolt . But , after it came loose ... it was easy to slide the wheel to the new location . And after this is set , I do n't have to do it again . So , I did n't deduct any points for that.I 'm really glad I did n't spend 200 dollars on one . I ca n't imagine it working any better , or being any easier to use . After I used it ... I just blew the grass off it with the blower and put it up . No oil . No Gas . No worrying about it starting . No repair bills . I `` did '' order the sharpening kit -LRB- which btw does `` not '' come with this unit as one reviewer suggested -RRB- . I have n't used it of course , but I 'm glad I have it for when I need it . The blade as it came . . was sharp , perfectly adjusted and cut easily . Could n't ask for anything more .
 Push mover remined me of being a kid . Assembly was very quick and easy . mower works great . I got the sharpener kit . When I was reading the operational instructions , found the mower blade can turned around to sharpen blade , though , it seemed very difficult to set it up . Also , instructions stated no need to sharpen for approximately 3 years or more . Still do n't mind having tool , when time to sharpen the blade arrives , better to have the blade sharpner than not .
 I have used this mower throughout this summer -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Have n't had to sharpen it once and it has cut well every time . Took a little getting used to as I have used power mowers my whole life , but once I did it was a much more enjoyable experience.Need to know how to adjust the blades so you get a good cut.It 's great because you can immediately see how to take it apart . Easier DIY care than anything motorized .
 This is a well built nonpowered mower that is perfect for the small level lot that surrounds my garden home . Makes the grass height completely level - almost like a golf green , something I had not been able to achieve using the `` weedeater . '' One caveat though , if the grass is more than about 6 inches tall it is necessary to wack it down a bit with the weedeater and then finish up with this mover . Assembly was straight forward and extremely easy . So pleased to be away from the complexities of a powered mower .
 I 've used it twice since I got it and I 'm really pleased . Looking forward to the next mow.It was a cinch to put together -- no tools needed . Once you 're assembled , spray it down with some PB Silicone or similar lube -LRB- ref -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Incidentally you 'll never use WD-40 again after using their PB Catalyst.This mower is a great exercise tool for me , so I take my time and ensure I overlap at least 50 % . True it will leave tall weeds and such behind , but it gobbled up an apple and a few thin twigs in my yard , and was not about to stop , so I do n't worry too much about small debris . If you take the time to go back with the weed whacker you 'll find you have a near-perfect cut AND no hearing loss ! It 's great.Height adjustment is easy , and you can carry it from point to point with relative ease . Fold it down and it 'll fit in the car trunk no problem.An issue from a previous reviewer was about how when you pull the mower backwards , it can sometimes flip up on its rollers and be difficult about coming back down to do more cutting -LRB- you 'll understand this more once you try this thing -RRB- . It 's all about how you pull it backwards . Pull it back and downward , and it 'll be less prone to flip up on you . If it does flip up , place your foot on the bar connecting the two handles -LRB- the > - < bar in the middle of the product picture -RRB- and gently push it forward . It flips down immediately and off you go.Another cool feature of this thing is that if you stop pushing it forward , the blades continue spinning until they 've run out of momentum . This helps you get harder-to-reach places like funny angles on yard corners , or around driveways and paths.Keep it cleaned up and sprayed down with lube -LRB- the manual recommends all metal contact points , the blades , and the wheels -RRB- and it should operate flawlessly for you . And all for $ 90 . No more oil/gas mixing , no more trails from mower wheels in your yard , and most importantly no more noise pollution when your neighbors are trying to relax in their yards !
 This mower is great . I thought it would take a lot more effort to push , but it is really easy . If your lawn goes to seed , you will have to go over the area more than once , but that is ok with me as long as I am no longer buying gas or worrying about a motor starting . It also takes up MUCH less space , a definite plus . Assembly was easy , just assemble and attach the handle ! I would definitely buy this product again if given the choice to do so .
 Sometimes I just want to do some light mowing without disturbing my neighbors , and this is a good choice.It 's very easy to assemble . But one pass can not make a clean cut , no matter what . This mower can not replace the gas one , in my opinion . One big problem , it 's hard to fine tune/adjust the blade position , b/c the manual says , even a 1/3 turn of the adjusting screw is a big adjustment . The manufacturer should make improvement of this.Overall , this is a very good supplemental mower . I do n't have to start my gas mower every time .
 I have to say that I was skeptical about the the American Lawn Mower 1815 - 18 inch reel mower . I HATE to mow the yard . It is my least favorite task of owning a home . I live in a newer subdivision and the yards are not very big so that makes it even worse ! You have to get out the mower , get out the gas can , crank it all up and then sweep/blow the clippings when you are finished ! It is a lot of work for a small space . So this spring I decided to look for alternatives to my current mowing situation . I Googled manual lawn mowers and to my surprise , a wide selection was displayed for my choosing ! I could n't believe how many reel mowers there are on the market . From there I read a ton of reviews and narrowed my search down to 2 mowers . It was between the American Lawn Mower 1815 and the Scott 's 2000 20 inch reel mower . I will tell you right now the reviews really do help you make your decision . The more I read about the Scott 's reel mower the more I saw that there was a major design flaw with the handle . So I chose the American Lawn Mower . I love it !! I assembled this in 15 minutes with no real hassle . I did have to have my boyfriend help me with one part but that was it ! I was out the door and mowing in less than 20 minutes . I actually love to mow the yard now !! This mower is so quiet and the cut is amazing !! All you have to do after you are done mowing is make sure and clear the clippings off the mower and spray the blades with WD-40 ! I was worried that this mower was going to powered only by me , but honestly it is easy and glides right along . I get a good work out but honestly , it is less strenuous than our gas powered mower . This is by far the best mower and I will gladly tell everyone I know to invest the $ 100 and get one of these ! I hope my review has helped you !
 Assembly was simple enough , getting the c-clamps was a little tough but its a one time thing . I have been using it at the default blade height but may drop it a little . We have a small townhouse in Houston -LRB- 25 ' x 25 ' lawn -RRB- , it cuts through our grass no problem . As others have said , it will get stuck with the smallest of sticks , but that 's just the way the design works . Not hard to get out , but best to just make sure there are no debris before you start . Pushing it is really easy , though we have a flat lawn . I can finish my yard quickly then just hang it in the corner of the garage . No gas , takes up little space , loving it so far . If I had a bigger yard it would be a nice work out too.I 've only used it 3 times so far , but loving it .
 This lawn mower is great ! It came quickly and was very easy to assemble . It cuts the grass extremely well and is super easy to push . My eight yr . has been cutting the grass with ease . As other reviewers have stated though , it does not cut very tall pieces of grass . I was n't sure if this reel mower would do a good job but wanted to try because of the price and the fact that it is n't electric or gas powered and I 'm glad that I did . I 'm very happy with this purchase and highly recommend !
 This is the perfect mower for the perfect lawn . Unfortunately , mine is n't the perfect lawn -LRB- yet -RRB- . I was looking for a quiet and clean mower without the hassle of extension cords or the price of a cordless and this fit the bill perfectly . So , after reading the reviews , I bought it , use it , and like it . However , having recently moved into town from out in the sticks , I find I need to re-adjust my ` mowers are a great way to deal with anything in the yard under three feet tall ' attitude . When the previous reviewer said the tiniest twig stops it he was n't exaggerating , no matter how fast you get it moving it 's just NOT gon na cut wood . Also , it does a fine job of decapitating dandelions but tends to leave the stems standing . Again , I like this mower and am glad I bought it -LRB- it 's just fun to mow with -RRB- , but be aware that this mower is for grass only -LRB- the old lawnboy did equally well on grass , fern , pine or madrona ... -RRB- If your lawn tends more toward the rough than the green , you might want to look elseware . It may sound like I 'm complaining but in truth it 's my yard , not the mower that needs fixing . I plan to get our new yard into shape fast so I can enjoy this cool little mower .
 I bought my mower a few weeks ago and have used it a couple times on my 1/2 acre lawn . It cuts beautifully , and nearly as quickly as my old gas powered mower . I have enjoyed being able to hear the birds and enjoy the fresh air while I mow . The mowing is a little bit more of a workout than pushing a small gas mower , but anyone who can walk should be able to push it easily . A couple of caveats though , the mower does not cut wet grass well , but I have had good experience cutting grass up to 6 '' long when it 's dry . Also , it requires a clean lawn , even the tiniest twig will stop the blades , but the sticks are easily removed from the blades . The Amazon reviewer thought it was difficult to assemble . While I agree it could be easier , I was not frustrated and had the mower assembled in less than 15 minutes -- and I 'm no genious at assembling products . Also , height adjustments could be simpler , it takes 5-10 minutes to readjust the height with a couple of wrenches . Overall , I 'm very pleased with the mower -- I now view mowing the lawn as pleasant recreation rather than slavish noisy work !
 I admit that I was a heavy user of those noisy and stinky gas machines , until recently when the self-propel feature went kaputt half way through the job . I found myself pushing a 6HP B&S mower in 90 + degree heat . The phrase `` walk behind mower '' suddenly had real meaning . The very next weekend I went to a local garden store and purchased the 18in American Lawn Mower -LRB- at a lower price than my favorite web retailer -RRB- . Setup was very easy except for those darn e-clips . It was fortunate that the manufacturer included an extra e-clip because I mangled the first one . I opted to leave the foam grip off . The material seems like it would deteriorate in a few months anyway , but if you have delicate hands it 's a must . This was my first reel mower . I found it to be very manueverable , plenty of height adjustments , excellent clean cut -LRB- bermuda -RRB- and very little clumping of grass . The 18in reel allowed for speedy cutting of my 1/3 acre lot . Plus I got the added bonus of a great cardiovascular workout ; no need for that health club membership ! Although I would not recommend a push reel mower for hilly yards . I would also consider the Great States 2000 20 '' reel mower also available at Amazon .
 ... my wife now likes to mow the lawn !!! I recently retired my gas powered lawn hacker to try this reel mower . When my wife saw me put it together and zip through the lawn , she insisted on taking turns ! Mind you , she has refused to help with the lawn for the 12 years we 've been married.As for the unit itself , absolutely satisfied . Lot is about 1/2 acre bermuda , takes less time to cut using this than with a power mower , mainly because I tend to walk faster with this one . Cut is amazing , grass has almost recovered from the years of hacking with single blade butchers . Got the grass catcher , but it was a real pain to use . Plus , I do a quick -LRB- and I mean quick -RRB- mow twice a week , so I just quit using the catcher and let the clippings mulch in.Another great plus , my kids used to go inside while I mow because of the noise . Now , they stay outside and play . No running out of gas , no pull cords , no fuss . I am a convert !
 Ok , most of the reviews here seem to be more like a review of reel mowers vs power mowers . This PARTICULAR reel mower is pretty good , as far as reel mowers go . There are few reel mowers wider than this one , I think it 's the `` Scott 's Classic '' which has a 20 inch cutting width . You will find that with reel mowers , a wider cutting width is good , but also makes it harder to push . I find with this mower , I need to overlap as I 'm coming back down the lawn . Here are some of my thoughts on reel mowers , that you might consider ; 1 -RRB- Reel mowers only cut if you push it FORWARD . That means you have to turn around at the end of a row . With a power mower , you can just pull the mower back along the next row .2 -RRB- You HAVE TO mow more often with this . One problem I had was that I let the grass grow JUUUUST tall enough that a few strands escaped the blade . This resulted in a pretty decently cut lawn with many single strands of tall grass in it ! 3 -RRB- Reel mowers are n't very good for cutting the edges , because the blades sit between the wheels . You 'll need another way to trim the sides of the lawn .4 -RRB- You have to overlap your cuts , because some grass will just be bent instead of cut , so overlapping the cut as you come back down the row helps to get those missed blades ... it also doubles your lawn mowing ! SOme people mow `` east west '' then `` north south '' . Since overlapping makes for the best reel mower cut , it 's best to have a pretty wide mower . This mower , at 18 '' is not bad . Get this mower over it 's smaller sibling , the 16 '' one . Also consider the Scott 's Classic mower .5 -RRB- It 's pretty light and easy to push .6 -RRB- It does actually cut your grass . Different types of grass may yield different results though . Most lawns are a mix of grass anyway .7 -RRB- Not so great running over leaves ... the leaves just stay behind.I 'll be honest . After buying this mower , I went and bought a used electric mulching mower . My situation is that there is a tree that dumps a lot of leaves on my lawn and the electric is better at it . HOWEVER , I do the bulk of my mowing with this reel mower , it 's light and has no extension cord -LRB- or gas -RRB- and does a pretty good job . The electric is for when I 've let the situation get out of hand . Given the two , I prefer mowing with the reel mower for all the reasons that are given in other reviews.Height adjustment is pretty easy . The rear roller bar can be adjusted up and down by unscrewing it 's `` legs '' and moving bolting it on higher or lower . There are 3 holes in the frame , and three holes in the `` leg '' so you can adjust the height to a decent number of stops . It 's best to cut grass fairly high -LRB- 2-3 inches -RRB- so I leave mine at the highest setting.As reel mowers go , if you read other reviews , you 've probably got a good idea of how reel vs power/rotary mowers stack up . This particular reel mower is pretty darn good at a really good price . For the price that those fancy European high tech reel mowers go for , you can get this one and a cheap electric one , or a weed whacker to clean up the edges . The width of this mower is good because it is wide enough so that you can cut a decent swath of grass with each pass , but it 's not so wide that it slows the mower down , or bogs you down by trying to cut so much grass.Oh yeah , with this mower , if you pull it backwards -LRB- for instance , you have completed a row of mowing and need to pull the mower back to turn around for the next row going the other direction -RRB- it has a tendency to `` flip '' . Meaning that the rear rollers tend to flip under the reel , which requires that you lift the mower up and push it forward to flip the wheels back out behind the machine . This is highly annoying . I mean , I can live with it , but I wish it did n't do that . Maybe a different design would not flip , and certainly a mower with only the two wheels would not `` flip '' . Just an idiosyncracy you should know about.There is a sharpening kit available for this mower as well . Basically , you paint a lapping compound onto the blades and run the blades backwards via a supplied crank handle .
 This mower was much better than what I ever could have hoped for . I left my 6.5 HP Craftsman mower in Missouri when I moved . I liked that mower , but using this is much better . I may be the motor behind this reel mower , but with only about 25 pounds to push around , it seems just as easy as pushing my old one around that had a motor on it.Handling Hills : I was concerned before getting it by the reviews that said it may be hard to get up hills . My back yard is level with with the basement floor and I push this mower up the side yard hill to the front yard with ease . It is just that light.Handling Twigs : I was also concerned by the reviews that said any twig will stop it dead in its tracks . I have alot of twigs , but most are thin . The mower has no problem chopping up twigs up to the thickness of a pencil . And , if a larger twig gets stuck , I just back up and kick it out.Adjusting Mowing Height : The other thing I was n't sure I would like is adjusting the mowing height . When I read you had to undo bolts , remove them and put them back , I thought , Oh no . But , removing the bolts takes no tools . If you are familiar with removing a quick release tire on the front of a bicycle , adjusting the mowing height is at least that easy . In any case , it is just as easy as adjusting the height on my old gas mower.Anyway , I have rarely been so pleased with a purchase . I got this for $ 90 at Amazon , and that is a great deal . I looked all over for different kinds of reel mowers . The Brill may be better , because it is a little lighter and does not need to be sharpened ever , but I sure did not want to pay 4-6 times as much . As for sharpening , I doubt that I will have to have this mower sharpened as often as I had to have my old gas mower tuned up . As for other reel mowers , they are all heavier . What is so great about this mower is that its light weight makes mowing with it at least as easy as with a gas push mower . The only thing that could be better is for a wider cut , but then you would get more weight , and I do n't want that because I have had back and shoulder pain in the past and am of slight build .
 I used to mow my small 3K SqFT lawn with a gas mower and I could not take it any more . I was skeptical to buy a reel mower . But being a mechanical engineer and with good grasp of how things really work - I signed up to but this mower.Took it out of the box assembled with in 30 minutes -LRB- I spent 20 minutes putting the foam sleeve on the handle bar - use silicone grease to make it in 5 minutes -RRB- rolled it out onto the lawn and just started mowing . It was that easy . Since this was the first mowing of the season the grass was as tall as 6 inches in some places . But couple of passes took care of it . I took a little more time -LRB- 20 % -RRB- - but it was ok with a light mower like this.I wish I had bought this instead of my gas mower in the first place.However there are few points to remember before you buy this mower -LRB- not really a show stopper -RRB- 1 . Watch for sticks on the lawn . if they get stuck just reverse the reel you should be good to go2 . Need a little elbow grease if you have a rolling lawn like mine3 . No safety guard on the reel - keep the kids away from playing with it . The blades are really sharp and they are all over the placeAll the green talk apart - this would be one less noisy thing in your life.This is second best this I ever owned - first was my bicycle : -RRB- Update
 I purchased this mower last yr . so I gave it a good work out before I wrote this review . My lawn is a mono stand of midnight blue grass . So I bought a reel mower to get a better cut and not to mention the blades stay sharp longer than rotary mowers . Well anyways this mower works perfect I get a perfect cut everytime . The only problem was the handle can be a problem during assembly other than that I have no complaints .
 I am a great fan of manual mowers for small lawns , having found that a good manual mower can in fact be easier -LRB- and sometimes faster ! -RRB- to use than a heavy gas or even electric machine , as well as being a lot easier on the ears and the hands . Manual mowers cut cleaner , too . Sure , they wo n't chop up leaves and sticks and other yard detrius , but that 's what rakes are for.I do n't own this mower - a neighbor does - and while it worked very well when he first bought it , it 's become increasingly difficult to use over time as the blade dulls and parts rust and wear . If you 're going to use a manual mower you 've got to pay attention to care , much more so than if you use a gas mower . I recommend spraying all moving parts with a coating of Boeshield -LRB- available from Amazon -RRB- on a regular basis , for one . And get an annual sharpening.There are two mowers I prefer to this unit . One is the Scotts , which is easier to push , and can be sharpened at home with a simple to use kit instead of paying $ 50 or $ 60 at a sharpening service . But my absolute favorite manual mower - and the one I use - is the Brill , from Germany . It weighs 17 lbs , and does n't need sharpening for 8 years . Maybe Amazon will carry it one day .
 I bought this mower to replace an old push-reel mower that had become damaged . It works beautifully . Easy to push and cuts evenly . Perfect for my fairly 50 by 100 foot suburban lot . I love gentle whirring sound and that I 'm not confronted with the noise and smell of a gasoline mower . Also , I do n't have to make a trip to the gas station to fill a can for it . True , it does n't cut a lawn as perfectly even as a power mower does . And if your lawn has any of those weedy grass-like plants that have thick blades , the mower just pushes them over rather than cutting them . That does n't bother me though . I think the benefits far outweigh the minor disadvantages .
 I read up a lot on reel mowers before buying this one . Most everything I read said you need a small , smooth lawn and they 're great . Well last fall we moved our house onto a lot that was pocket gopher infested field grass with a filled in basement . Definitely not smooth . But I decided to try it anyway because of the price of gas , I hate motors & their noise , and I have 3 small boys that love to come outside with me and follow right behind with their trucks as I mow . I love it ! There are a few weeds here and there that it does n't get , but I did n't expect it to either . And I have to watch carefully for sticks , but no big deal to me . I mow probably about 3000 sq ft , just enough to have a good size area for the kids , and it takes just over an hour . I love the exercise ! It 's fairly easy for me to handle and I 'm not big or strong -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 , 105 # -RRB- . I hope to get a second one eventually so my husband and I can mow together ! With our rough lawn I can just imagine how nice a smooth lawn with quality grass would look after being mowed with this mower .
 First , I was so thrilled to find everything I 'd read about this machine , beforehand , proved to be true . It was easy to assemble , effortless to operate and also trouble-free at storage time . -LRB- I have no shed or garage and , therefore , must carry the mower down to my dungeon after each use . -RRB- What I did n't find amongst the many reviews I read was how much fun , yes , good old-fashioned fun , it would provide . Maybe this makes me a little odd , or maybe it 's just that I have n't had a lawn long enough to have found cutting the grass to be a drudgery . Whatever the reason , I truly enjoy the outdoors , and all things earthy . So , I welcome every opportunity the grass provides to be outside and to push and pull this incredible little machine.One more thing , I think my lats and arms are looking better due to the push and pull action required by this mower .
 This cuts grass , but does n't cut every blade of grass especially when you have a lawn composed of different types of grass/weeds . It also does n't cut things that have grown over a certain length -LRB- about 6 inches -RRB- . It also does n't cut sticks.For most people , this will be unacceptable . For me it is acceptable for the following reasons :1 -RRB- It was cheap .2 -RRB- It is quiet . I can mow at dusk or dark , without worrying about bothering the neighbors . I can also talk to kids and neighbors without shouting over an engine .3 -RRB- It is quick . I can get it out of the shed and start cutting in less than a minute . I can then lean it against a tree , do something else that has gotten my attention . And then , in 2 seconds , I can be cutting again .4 -RRB- I plan to get a weed whacker to perform a touch up every couple weeks , to get those few blades this misses . I figure , time wise , this will just be like mowing my lawn twice on those occasions .5 -RRB- Gas lawn mowers are dirty . This is as clean as you can imagine . Nothing but the smell of grass . I am not really a sensitive guy , but this is still a plus . I can only imagine if you are a sensitive to fumes person . This would have to be a HUGE plus .6 -RRB- I also get satisfaction from the little pieces of grass popping out the back like so much confetti . Try it on a bed of clover and you will love it .7 -RRB- I kind of like the natural pastoral look it gives the lawn . It does n't have the stripes that a machine mower would give . I know that there are books written on how to get those stripes , but if what you want is a little hunk of real nature in your backyard , this gets you closer .8 -RRB- Smaller footprint in my little shed .9 -RRB- In my opinion , this is easier to push and use . I am coming off of years of trouble with my feet . I am also a pretty tense guy . This is therapeutic on both counts.Push , whirrr , cut ... and worry about those other stray bits later .
 For a reasonably maintained lawn , this mower is almost effortless to use . The mower runs on two wheels and two rollers , so pushing it is like pushing a toy cart . It takes not much effort to push it along foot paths to the destination , and about the same effort on the lawn if your lawn is reasonably flat . A little momentum will cut the grass effortlessly . The mower feels a little heavy , otherwise it will not stay on the lawn when you push it . It 's not a problem for a lack-of-exercise person to lift it up and down for a while with one hand.I do n't know about maintaining a first-class lawn . There 's no question of it replacing mow-and-blow type gardeners and their equipments . I 'm happy with it . Because of the two wheels , you need some edgers to deal with the lawn edges , unless your lawn is level with landscape boundaries such as footpaths so the wheel can go over it without leaving edges uncut . The size of lawn is immaterial as long as it 's flat . It just take me time to walk over the lawn to get the grass cut . If the lawn is really large , I would do it in different days.Slopes is not a problem . The mower can easily go down the slopes , BUT you have to lift it up the slopes , which is a bit tedious.Is the mower easily stopped by obstacles like twigs ? Not really . I battled with a fully overgrown neglected lawn with everything in it . Yes if some particular sort of twigs get into the cutting wheel , it will be stopped . But the chance is slim and it occur only once to me . First you have to have the right kind of twigs on or near your lawn , which is unlikely . Second the twig have to be small enough to get into the cutting wheel like grass , but tough enough not to be cut into pieces like grass . The blades are quite robust and I do n't think they can be easily damaged by other obstacles.The mower is designed to cut grass and plants like it . If your lawn is not very flat , you probably can not use the lowest height setting . It can deal with even tall dense overgrown grass . It will be stopped , but if you maintain momentum and ram at it repeatedly , any grass can be dealt with.The mower can not cut soft needle type plants , like the grass stems from neglected lawns . And if your grass is of special needle type , check . It 's not good at removing ground hugging weeds . It can cut through other weeds , but not as clean as a power tool.A grass collecting bag is not necessary . If you cut the grass while it 's still wet , the cut grass will stuck together into a heap when you rake through the lawn .
 This is a fine lawn mower that does just what it is supposed to do . The drawbacks are those that are inherent in the design . It does n't cut close to trees , walls , fences , etc , and very long grass may take a couple of tries . If you need a carefully manicured lawn , this might not be for you . But for anyone else who wants to get a little excercise , save money , and cut down on pollution all at the same time , this is highly recommended .
 We live in a metro area town home and have a very -LRB- I mean very -RRB- small yard . This little mower works perfectly for our situation . If the grass gets especially thick , it takes a couple of passes to mow properly , but I ca n't complain a bit .
 Arrived promptly from retailer . Very good price . Works as advertised . I had a previous version of this product and I think they have made improvements . It feels more robust in its material and manufacturing process . My previous version worked well for over 8 years despite 3 large dogs -LRB- gr.dane x2 & golden retriever -RRB- and 2 adults using it repeatedly on a daily basis . It does n't keep 100 % of insects out , but if it 's installed properly then it comes very close . It does take a little trial & error to get it just right , but once you figure its placement out then it stays put .
 This length of soaker hose will keep the water pressure steady without collapsing towards the end -LRB- a problem with the longer hoses in this style -RRB- . My only criticism is that it is time consuming to set up unless you just go ahead and connect it to the faucet and turn the water on , at which point it becomes firm enough to manuever more easily . Of course this will get you pretty wet . I use it with the holes turned downward as a soaker . It does a thorough job when left in place for several hours , and more frequent surface waterings with a conventional sprinkler are then unnecessary , which is a plus .
 These worked exactly as advertised.I have not had these long so I can not talk about how long they will last . They seem a bit flimsy .
 I could n't find one of these locally . It works very well . It is a little hard to position because it is not firm at all . I would recommend this .
 I bought one of these years ago at Frank 's when they were in business . They are impossible to find locally so I looked on Amazon and found them . The ones that I bought are working well . I cut the one to the width of my front yard to make it easy to water it . Just to be able to locate this hard to find item is worth five stars .
 This hose is small emough to keep for emergencies . I bought this hose to keep in my basement to go along with my shop vac . My basement gets alot of water with heavy rains and this hose helps pump it out . Worth the money to have and it stores without taking up alot of room .
 This sprinkler is exactly as stated - a long , flat , flexible hose that can either drip or spray . Nuthin ' fancy , super functional , and easy to use . It 's flexible so I can target the water in any direction . I have several of these sprinkler hoses for my large yard -LRB- 1/2 acre + of garden . -RRB- Living in Seattle it only needs watering a couple months of the year . If we had a longer watering season it might make sense to install an official system . But with our rain these hoses are perfect for watering my beds.Of course this year we had no rain whatsoever for nearly two months . Having these sprinkler hoses was a life saver .
 After trying a black sprinkler hose that performed more like a soaker , we purchased this based on the good reviews and were n't disappointed . It set up easy enough and is easy enough to couple and de-couple . It works as promised with one small caveat - we have a small slope and the height of the lower stream is 5 feet and the higher ones are only 2-3 feet so we have inconsistent flow -LRB- but I do n't know how you would correct that ... -RRB- . I also appreciate the length and the ability to adjust the length . Only one other thing that I noticed recently as when I hooked it up , there was a small trickle of water from the coupling running between the tubes - like a leak . It did n't seem to be much but if it becomes an actual leak then I would downgrade it as we 've only had it a month .
 I had purchesed an Andrews twin tube sprinkler hose from stiens lawn and garden , for a strip of lawn I had seeded.It had alot of holes and the best spray pattern of any hose I have used.I planted strip gardens of tomatos , berries and watermelon.I purchased two more hoses and raised them above the plants to spray downwards.These hoses make the best watering system . Low flow and great pattern . And with the supplied clip you can make it water any length.Only negative I have with Andrews hose is they are not double ended , and you can not connect two togeather for longer areas .
 This plant light exceeded my expectations . Very lightweight and comes complete with bulb and hardware . Easy to put up . I just bought two thin chains , to ceiling hooks , and a package of s hooks and hung it over my plants . The chain lets you adjust the height and it can be cut to size in any major home improvement store . The seller shipped very quickly and also sent it priority with no shipping costs whatsoever . You will not be disappointed with this purchase .
 I have a Commercial Greenhouse and thought I would give these little lights a try , Glad I did , they are priced right and put out plenty of the right kind of light . All my garden plants love the extra boost . I would recomment to anyone .
 Used these lights to start tomatoes , watermelons , greens , and a bunch of other vegetables from seed . The tomatoes were short and bushy instead of long and stringy that I previously got when starting them in front of the window .
 Item arrived in a nice flat box . Product was easy to assemble with good instructions included . Only a pair of pliers needed .
 Does n't work quite as well as most other grass catchers I 've had on gas mowers , but it does its job . I only use it when I 've allowed the grass to get a little long and it keeps me from having to rake my entire yard . Sure it misses some grass and sure it is difficult at times to back up the lawnmower , but show me a grass catcher that does n't do that on a push mower . I 've had several and they are all similar at times . The biggest advantage is that I can catch the bulk of my grass in silence , without gas fumes , while I get a little exercise ! Love my push mower !
 It was exactly as described and when used it does what it is suppose to do.It took a while to put it together but once I figured it out it was fine.Highly recomended
 I needed a catcher for my new reel mower and this works fine . It 's light , easy to use and works . It use to bow up when I pulled the mower backwards but for some reason , does ' t do that any more .
 I was very hesitant to purchase this grass catcher , given previous reviews , but I could n't find another grass catcher that would work with my Scotts 20 '' reel mower . Not expecting much , I was surprised at how easy it was to assemble . All I had to do was squeeze four hooks into loops with a pair or pliers . To attach to my mower , all I had to do was clip it onto the axle of the back stabilizer wheels . I 'm thinking that maybe the American Lawn Mower company made updates on the grass catcher , but mine had a plastic/rubber clip running along the bottom that attaches to the axle , and the hook to put onto the bar of the handles . Nothing to it.For the actual mowing , my nine year old son was even able to push the mower with the bag hitting his legs or getting in his way . Yes , we moved the bag to the left , as noted in previous reviews , and yes , it 's true that it does n't catch every scrap of grass , but our needs are to gather MOST of the grass so it does n't get weighed down with clippings.Emptying the catcher is slightly awkward , as we ended up scooping with our hands , but you can easily detach the catcher and empty into a bag.Overall , this grass catcher rated WAY higher than I ever anticipated , and works much better and with fewer issues than I thought .
 This product is just fine . A few reviewers complained about not pickinig up enough of the clippings . True it does n't pick up all the clippings but we are talking about a reel mower . It does just fine , if you want everything picked up , buy a gas mower with a closed system and spend much more $ $ $ $ .
 Main problem I had with this product was attaching it to my lawn mower . Instructions received barely constituted as being English , the diagrams induced pretty much looked like they were produced by a child . Product itself seems alright after a few attempts to attach it to my mower . Did seem to have a slight miss issue , but other then that only time will tell if this was a worth while investment .
 Forget about raking the clippings after you 're done mowing your lawn . This is what you need ... must have ! Thnx!Mario
 i found this works really well with my great states 16 inch mower . of course it does take a little common sense to operate correctly , and it does not catch everything -- but certainly better than nothing and well worth the money .
 I attached this catcher to my Scott 's 20-inch mower this way
 This item is not perfect , but its perfect for me . -LRB- catches most of the grass clippings , but not all -RRB- I have fresh clippings for my compost pile and my lawn does not have to be raked after each mowing . l
 It 's easy to use and works well , but it 's easier to mow more often and not use it at all . I would recommend it to whoever buys the Reel Mower .
 Works great withAmerican Lawn Mower Company 16-Inch Bent Reel Mower # 1705-16 . Easy to assmble . Its plastic fabric is lighter than my old canvas grass catcher . Sometimes disengages from the lawn mower when backing up , but that is expected . I advise composting the lawn clippings instead of throwing them away .
 Although there are a lot of poor reviews for this product , I found it to work just fine . It was easy to put together , easy to attach to my mower -LRB- American Lawn Mower Company 1815-18 18 '' push reel mower -RRB- and caught 85-90 percent of the grass that was thrown at it , which was better than I expected it to . I 'm happy with it . I do n't really understand why there are so many bad reviews on this item . By the looks of most of them , people are trying to use a grass catcher made for an ALMC on a different brand mower . I do n't see anywhere in the description of the item the word `` universal '' . I mean , it would make sense in theory that a bag made from only mesh and a wire frame would work just fine on most any push reel mower , but you ca n't say that the thing is a piece of junk just because you are trying to put it on a brand that it was n't designed for , no matter how simple of a design it might be , and it ends of falling off or not catching enough grass while attached to your non-ALMC mower . I admit , when I started making my paces around the yard to test the thing out , it did fall off once or twice . But , the reason that it did is because I have a pretty uneven yard when it comes to the height of the soil . There are little bumps , lumps and dips all over the place , and when I would mow over them the bag would get pushed off the holders from underneath as I was mowing the `` down slope '' of the bump . So , if you have a flat yard and an ALMC 14 '' 16 '' or 18 '' push reel mower , this product should work for you .
 This is a good grass catcher . It is universal and I had no assembling to do to attach to my Scott 20 '' Push Mower . I have the Mower with the tracking wheels and the grass catcher just snaps onto that bar . The price was excelent $ 20 for the catcher .
 I use the grass catcher with an American Lawn Mower Company reel mower . It does catch grass , not all of it , but most is caught . It could be better if it had a small plastic ` shelf ' mounted in ahead of the bottom front so that the bagger would catch grass right up to the blades .
 The catcher works well , but I 'll warn you that it wo n't catch 100 % of your clippings . Due to the mechanics of how the reel mower blades turn , the clippings will naturally shoot up and to the left . The catcher can be hung a little to the left on the last notch , but perhaps a future design will angle out to the left by default .
 I had alot of doubts buying this because of the negative reviews . Nonetheless , it 's been worth every penny . It saves the grass , catches probably 80 % of it , and comes on and off easily . For $ 22 , it 's a must-buy if you have an American brand mower . Exceeded my expectations for sure .
 It 's a bit smaller than my 20 '' mower but it works fine.I used cable ties to fasten the loose parts . The assemble process is n't straightforward but it 's not rocket science either.The catcher needs to be emptied once in a while but it 's not end of the world . It 's perfect for a small yard -LRB- < 2000 SF -RRB- . After all , it provides another way of exercise .
 This was a hard item to find & especially at a reasonable cost . The description of the item was accurate & easy to assemble . Also , the item shipped as noted . If you needed such an item , I 'd recommend finding it on Amazon.com .
 It does n't catch every single blade of grass - but for the money , it is a great value . I have an old Great States push reel mower and it bolted right on and I was mowing . If you want to catch clippings with your push mower , get this bag !
 The grass catcher works well with the Scott 's Reel Mower . It 's easy to attach , detach and empty . It would be nice to have a little better instructions on assembly , but it was easy to put together . If you 're buying a reel mower , I would recommend this product .
 I bought this item for my 14 '' Great Lakes push mower . It was easy to install ; took about 5 minutes . It has a couple of shortcomings : - be careful when pulling your mower in reverse , as the grass may spill - fills up pretty quickly on the left side of the bin -LRB- which is where the mower shoots the grass clippings -RRB- I have a small city lawn -LRB- backyard is 20 ' x 30 ' -RRB- and I was scooping the grass clippings out of the bin , or pushing them to the right side of the bin quite often.That being said , it was much easier and more enjoyable than raking . I figure any grass catcher would have similar problems , though , due to the design of the mower . This is a good choice -LRB- and very affordable -RRB- and I am happy with my purchase .
 I have an 18 '' Scott 's Reel mower and this catcher works very well . No , it does n't catch every blade of grass , but I do n't think any design would . The only issue I had with it was the loops that are suppose to hook around each other to give the bag stability kept coming apart . I used a couple cable ties and that fixed the issue . I 'm not sure if this would work on a 20 '' reel mower or not . This sized fit my 18 '' perfectly but I think it might be too small for a 20 '' . If they fixed the loop design , I would give it 5 stars .
 I wanted to collect some of my clippings from the reel mower to use as mulch . I had allowed the grass to sit on the lawn . I had been cutting it twice to eliminate missed spots and break down some bigger clippings . This bag does n't catch everything . You also need to pull back the load and reposition the clippings from the predominate left side every so often . I did n't expect much from this attachment , but it serves my purpose to gather a fair amount of clippings .
 was n't to hard to install . im 5 ' 4 female and did it all on my own . it catches all the grass and makes clean up a breeze . i ordered it through amazon and recieved it 5 days later with free shipping . work 's great for me !
 I bought this with my new mower , and it works just as I expected . It does n't pick up every blade of grass that is cut , nor do I expect , or want it to . It does prevent me from having to rake by reducing the amount of clippings falling back into the yard , and still leaves some behind , which I 'm told is good for the lawn.I noticed that the metal loops that snap together can come apart easily , so used a pair of pliers to close them ; the instructions do n't mention doing this , but they should ; it took like 30 seconds , and makes a world of difference . It can easily dislodge from the mower if you kick it or bump it against something , but I think once you I get use to it , it will be easy enough to avoid.So given the price , I 'm happy with the purchase , and think it makes a nice addition to my new reel mower .
 The bag has multiple hook up slots , so it fits a variety of reel mowers.Very simple to assemble and attach to the mower . It works well , does n't drag on the ground . You can even back up with it on if you 're careful.I wish it was a little bigger . I do n't have a large lawn , but I find myself emptying it after doing two rows . Once it gets too full it will just kick the extra grass back into the mower which will throw it out in front of you .
 This fits well and does n't come off easily despite what some reviews have said . It does n't catch all the grass , but it definitely makes a big difference . If you 're cutting grass that has grown too tall it catches less of it -LRB- you have to mow more frequently to properly mow with reel mowers anyways -RRB- . Overall I am happy with the grass catcher .
 First off , I own a Scott Elite 16 '' and it took the time of a cigarette to put this catcher together.I was reluctant to purchase this grass catcher given some of the terrible reviews , but I must say I 'm beyond pleased with my purchase . For 25 bucks -LRB- and free shipping that took 6 days -RRB- , my back feels wonderful after not having to spend 45 minutes racking up the grass clippings . Sure , it missed some of the grass , but I 'd say it 's on par with another reviewer that said in the neighborhood of 80-90 % -LRB- and did I mention that I did n't have to rake for 45 minutes that maybe got 75 % of the clippings ? -RRB- . If you own a reel mower in the first place , you must have had to come to the fact that imperfection is perfection .
 I found the grass catcher easy to install and it works pretty much as expected . I was surprised by the tendency to flip the clippings to the left , but it is easy enough to stop and push the pile back and make room for another pass . This will slow you down with your mowing , but if you have an area that you do n't want to leave clippings that get tracked into your house it is worth the effort . Do n't expect power mower performance in sucking up everything on the lawn because it is only going to catch the fresh clippings flipping off the blades and some of that will fall out . But for all you reel mower lovers out there this is a useful addition to your mower .
 Plant arrived very healthy and quickly . Masking tape placed over the dirt on pot to prevent spillage . Heat pack was placed in shipping box to keep plants warm -LRB- shipped here during -3 degrees F -RRB- Foam packing peanuts used to keep plant secure . Overall , it was a great transaction .
 I have used the mower about 6 times now . It works perfectly . I use it to trim area close to my house . I have another reel mower for main yard . It cuts everything in sight ! Do n't forget to spray down with WD40 when done .
 The instructions were so easy to follow and it was very easy to assemble . The lawn mower works great and was the cheapest one around . The delivery and the exchange was the easiest I 've ever done . Thanks again . Will definitely find other items to order .
 I 've had this mower for 2 months now , and I think once you weigh all of the options this is the best deal going for small-medium lawns . It 's easy to push , quiet -LRB- does n't bother the neighbors at 7 a.m. on a Sunday -RRB- and it looks cool . This is my first push mower and I really dig the scissors sound that it makes - very satisfying . I do n't know if this is actually an advantage , but if you compare , this mower has more blades than most of the others out there . Would be 5 stars , but I kind of wish the turning radius was better -LRB- not that it could be without sacrificing width , but that 's my only nitpick -RRB- .
 This mower is a dream to use ! I just moved into my first house and order it from Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- several weeks ago . It was a breeze to put together , took all of maybe 3 minutes . Finally mowed the grass for the first time last weekend . The first time was a bit difficult because the grass was over 1 foot tall , and I left the height adjustment at the lowest possible setting . I also did a little more mowing last night and it was extremely easy . You may want to rent a gas mower for your first cut if you 're starting with a brand new yard in order to get everything down to size , but otherwise you 'll love this purchase !
 The mower is designed for creeping grasses like bermuda . If you have fast growing and/or long grass , do not buy this product . It will not work well if at all on longer grass . As long as you are using it for what it is designed for it works flawlessly . The clippings can be left on the ground because they are not noticeable and provide nutrients for the ground so you do n't need the bag attachment . The cut is very even and works the first time on low/short grass . It does not make much noise and is a really great workout . It is definitely worth the money .
 I bought this to tackle my hybrid bermuda lawn . Was n't sure what to expect , but after using it a few times I can say that it does a great job an my smallish yard . I 've never used a push reel mower before in my life . Contrary to what some may think it 's very easy to push , the blades get up to speed quickly and although the cutting path is rather small I can still do my lawn in just a little over the time it used to take with my self-propelled walk behind . But the cut is what really matters and this does a very fine job .
 I bought this mower as a first time home owner with a total of approximately 400 square yards of lawn . The mower cuts the grass just fine with only a minimum to moderate amount of effort . I have one tree in my lawn , which necessitated 6-8 stops to remove limbs from the mower -LRB- done in 2-4 seconds each -RRB- . The only accident of the day ocurred when I turned the mower sideways by its handlebars -- one of the handle pads slipped off , slinging the other handle into my cheek . OUCH !
 I have a < .15 acre lot and this machine works well . It is a little harder to push that a conventional mower , and it usually has a problem with thicker weeds , which will require you to go over areas twice or revisit them with the weedwacker.A drawback
 I have a lawn thats too small and odd-shaped to cut with a gas powered mower . I tried cutting it with a string trimmer , but that was exhausting . I ordered this product from Amazon , hoping that it would work in my situation , and it has ! I was simple enough for me , a non-mechanic minded woman , to assemble by myself . It cut my lawn very nicely , with just whisper of noise from the cutting blades . It took me longer to cut up the huge Amazon box for recycling and pop all the air-filled bags used for packing than it did to put it togeher and mow the lawn .
 I ordered this from Amazon and it came very quickly and in good shape . The mower works very good for my Bermuda lawn that I just had Hydroseeded about 2 months ago . They advertised that the 7 blades is what would be needed for Bermuda type grass . It pushes very easily and and very light . I am 6foot 1 inch and the handle height and pushing angle seems to be just right , my lawn is about 1100 square feet not a real large area this mower is about right for a yard this size and smaller .
 This mower works great . I tried a 5 blade , but just does n't cut the grass -LRB- I have bermuda -RRB- . This 7 blade is fantastic . Easy to push and no noise . Love it !!
 I was hesitant at buying this , but so grateful I did ! I have a small front lawn , and it is perfect ! Cuts with such ease ... LOVE IT ! I highly recommend it for people with small yards : -RRB-
 I have had this for about 6 months now . This mower works great and is just as advertised . We live on a 1/4 acre lot and have a bermuda lawn . Assembly was pretty easy . I had to adjust the settings a few times to find the grass height I really wanted , but that is easy to do also . It cuts a pretty narrow path , so there are a lot more passes to cut the entire lawn but it really does a good job the first time through . If it misses a few blades I usually let it go and get them next time , but it does n't take much to back it up and go over that spot again . I could n't get the handles to be perfectly straight when I put it together and one of the soft handle covers tore on the second or third mowing . It 's annoying but does n't cause any real problems , and those are the only things keeping me from giving 5 stars . Our lawn is pretty level , but this still takes some effort at times , especially when you get moving from a complete stop . But that was part of the appeal when I decided to make the switch to a reel mower . It is whisper quiet , does a great job cutting the grass at a lower height than a rotary mower , and I feel like I got in a workout when I 'm finished . Plus I never have to worry about gas or oil . All this for less than $ 100 . I would definitely buy this again without hesitation .
 I bought it from Amazon a month ago . This is very good one if you have a small lawn . Easy to push/pull and it cuts pretty good too , but do it twice at lease . I have a 1500 square feet lawn so it made me tired a lot . But I still like it .
 I have two backyard grees 30 yards apart , I practice chipping and putting everyday for the price of this mower compared to it ; s very pricey gas powered ones this was my obvious choice.It works just fine , and some good exercise as well.With this mower Im able to get my greens down to about 1/2 inch.Definately not a greenkeepers dream , but for what I use it for it works just fine !!!!
 I have a small yard and this mower is the best for what I need . It works great and is not difficult to operate . Highly recommend !
 Good mower ... cuts great ... just do n't let the grass grow too high , as this mower struggles with that .
 I received this mower in 2 days -LRB- thanks Amazon ! -RRB- and I unpacked it and had it ready for use in less than 15 minutes.It 's maiden voyage was very impressive ! My bermuda grass has never looked so well manicured!Last year I bought my first reel type mower from Sears . The Craftsman reel mower works well but does not cut low enough for bermuda grass . I set my new American Lawn Mower Company Reel Mower in the middle adjustment and it cut my grass at the perfect height.The only thing I can think of to make this mower 100 % perfect would be if it had a wider cut than 16 '' . My Craftsman is 18 '' so it 's not that big of a difference to make it a deal breaker.This being my second year using a reel type mower , I can truly say that I will not go back to a gas mower . The lawn looks so much better using a reel mower because the grass is being cut , not shredded . There is virtually no noise to tolerate so you could actually be a midnight mower if you wanted to . And the exercise factor is awesome ! It 's unbelievable how much better you feel after walking your yard . Cancel that expensive gym membership - hang out in your yard . Oh - I almost forgot - no gas to buy !
 This is the best lawn mower i ever bought get rid of those gastanks smelling up your garage you want need any with this baby.it cuts like razor and it can be adjusted to cut very low forthat golf course look ! so if you have bermuda or fescue or anyof those fine bladed lawns this is the best mower for the money.those gas power reel mowers cost a fortune !
 This is an excellent reel mower sporting 7 blades with the ability to cut within 1/4 inch even though the product literature says 1/2 '' . The only negative is that reels have to be pushed and with a 7 bladed reel that is a lot of contact between blades and cutter . However , the cut is smooth and professional looking . I use for a backyard putting green with bermuda grass . For the price it ca n't be beat .
 Positives : - Cuts Bermuda grass with no hassle . - Does n't use gas -LRB- cost , noise , smell , etc. . -RRB- - Takes just as long as a push gas mower . - The `` noise '' is so quiet that I can listen to mp3s on my phone -LRB- LG Venus -RRB- without headphones . Which makes the whole process seem to go much quicker . - Light and maneuverable.Thoughts : - On a quarter acre of yard , it 'd be better if it was wider than 16inches . I 'd take a 32 inch if they had one . - It does jam on thick wood chips -LRB- mulch -RRB- that has blown into the grass by wind/rain . But the jam is easy to fix just roll the blade drum back a little bit with your foot and continue on.Negatives : - Mine started making a little clicking noise 2 days ago . Sounds like something rubbing as the blades turn -LRB- only hear it at full walking pace -RRB- . Still would n't qualify as loud , just not as silent as it was before . - Could use some kind of shield to prevent grass clippings and such from being thrown back on the pushers legs . This is my biggest problem with the mower.Overall easy to use and good build quality . No problems getting the handle grips on .
 The green ALM 1705-16 7 blade `` bent grass '' reel push mower showed up several days early ! Thanks Amazon . Got ta love under promising and over delivering . It took a full 10 minutes to put the push handle together and mount it on the mower -LRB- two 7/16 or 11mm wrenches -RRB- . It is easier if you have a helper when you are positioning the handle on the mower base because you have to do that first before you can tighten up the bolts that hold the handle together -LRB- despite what the directions tell you -- at least the English ones -RRB- . We live just north of Atlanta , and have Emerald Zoysia grass that responds nicely to sharp reel blades . I mowed with the `` out of the box '' setting , then spent another 10 minutes adjusting the `` wheel '' setting up to the `` high '' notch , and lowering the roller adjustment -- net change is maybe one-half inch higher . This change will also make it easier for me to raise the blade during the hottest part of August -- simply raise the roller one level . That took two different box wrenches -- I used a 15mm , and a 13mm . Easy to push , and it took me about 20 minutes to do a great job on our 2400sf front yard . I was taking off about 3/4 '' and got a very smooth cut . The gas powered McClain reel mower will be on the block momentarily . The 16 '' blade width means more passes , but it pushes so easily I do n't care . No more wrestling the mower out of the basement , getting it started , checking/topping out oil , filling with fuel -LRB- running the tank over about half the time -RRB- , and following the stinky thing around the yard . Storage will mean hanging from two hooks on the garage wall!Our yard has a hill on one side that is not an issue . The mower does a great job , and is very light and easy to maneuver . Not a problem to lift with one arm . Maintenance is hitting the thing with compressed air or the water hose to clean off clippings , and then a coat of WD-40 on the reel and the cutting bar . Directions that came with the machine indicate that with reasonable care , the blades should retain sharpness for several seasons , and then you can just run down to the car parts place for some valve lapping compound , and sharpen them yourself . I have been without a reel push mower for over ten years , and now wonder why.I like the two extra reel blades on this model because of the smoothness of cut -LRB- more blades , fewer sprigs `` escape '' . I also like the sound of the mower makes while cutting the lawn . Unless I ignore the grass and let it grow too high , I plan to do without a catcher , even though the McClain that I have been using for the past few seasons has a front mounted one that I have always used . The push mower is so easy to pull out and use that the lawn will be getting more frequent mowing . Clippings of less than an inch simply disappear.If you have a dense lawn -LRB- like emerald zoysia or bent grass -RRB- or just like a very smooth cut , and do n't have a half-acre to deal with , this little green gem may be for you .
 First off , reel decent price , and I get a lot better view pushing this thing around than I ever did on my exercise bike . The size is nice - at only 16 '' cutting width , you do have to make a few more passes than with the wider models , but you 're pushing less weight . I got this to replace an old Craftsman 24 '' - that did n't get much action simply because it was a LOT harder to push around . This one is no worse than pushing a baby stroller . I do get lazy come August and fire up the gas mower , but come spring , I 'll be out there working off the winter pounds.Besides , the lawn just looks way better after mowing than it ever does with my big rider . Gets that ballpark look going if you do it regularly . The neighbors will actually stop and talk while I 'm mowing instead of walking by to get away from the noise , especially the older folk who are having bouts of nostalgia remembering all the miles they put on those things in their younger days . Also , I live right at the head end of a linear bicycle park , and I 've managed to con a few of the regulars riding by into getting some PRACTICAL exercise every now and then while I sit back in the shade and have an ice tea ... < G > PS - you do n't really ever need to sharpen one of these things if you adjust it correctly and do n't ding the blades . There 's a trick to getting the cutter angle and spacing just right . You know when it 's right if the reel edges stay shiny and square all across the length . Done right , they 're self cleaning and will hone themselves perfectly to the cutting bar . They will wear and loosen up after a while , but just a tiny turn on the adjusters takes care of that , and the wear is much less and more accurate than you 'll ever get attacking the blades with a sharpening tool . Those are more of a last resort for a poorly maintained machine . Also worth mentioning - regular use seems to help keep them working right . Mine is around 5 years old and nary a problem .
 I needed a mower for the small lawn in back of our home . This push reel mower which has seven blades proved to be a good choice.This is an easy unit to assemble . Out of box you have a complete mower assembly . All you need to do is add the handle . The mower handle consists of four pieces of metal tubing . These are held together by three '' machine bolts and three lock nuts . The tools I used for assembly are a 7/16 '' wrench , a 7/16 '' socket and a pair of pliers . There are two studs on the mower assembly to connect -LRB- mount -RRB- the handle.The handle is retained on these studs by `` E '' rings . I used the pliers to push the `` E '' rings into place . An extra `` E '' ring is supplied in case you have trouble with this step . As a guy who has put on a lot of `` E '' rings , I recommend doing this where you can find the part if it falls while you complete this step . As for height adjustment , the factory setting works just fine for me.Now for the mowing part , this mower works better than I hoped . With only two wheels , you can pull the mower back and turn it with less effort than is required with an electric or gas mower with four wheels . In tight spaces , this mower is easy to turn and bring back . For the area that I mow , the mower must be pulled back several times . The available grass catcher would create problems by dumping grass each time.As far as cutting the grass goes , my grass had gotten pretty tall by the time I went to mow it . This mower cut the grass beautifully . I did notice some slight differences in the height of the grass as I completed the first mowing but it was not so noticeable that I needed to go back over it.In summary , I am very pleased with this mower . It more than meets my expectations .
 I live in a condo/townhouse with a small frontyard and a bit larger backyard . The maintenance/landscaping crew were too `` brutal '' on the lawns with their heavy equipment-always ended up digging up lawn and cutting it too short . So I ordered this and now do the mowing myself . I 've cut it four times already and I love it ! Easy to assemble and easy to use . Great control on the height of the grass . Grass is cut more sharply and smells like grass of my youth !! Bought the grass catcher but do n't use it as I like to leave the short cut grass on the lawn to re-fertilize/re-seed and `` thicken '' it . Do n't hesitate on this one ! Actually fun and enjoyable to use ! AND I never liked cutting the lawn with a power mower !!
 I have used the American Lawn Mower 16 inch mower for a few weeks now on a small bermuda grass lawn . It works great , is easy to push , and is easy to maneuver and store . I give it a strong recommendation for this type of application.Chula Vista , CA
 I love this , not only for the gas less operation , but because it 's a great tool that leaves my grass looking great . I enjoy using it more than my old gas engine mower . I do n't have anything bad to say about this baby .
 I am very pleased with my mower ! I have extremely high grass in my yard due to not having anyone cut it at all this Spring . I would say the grass is about 9 inches high and the mower has no problem knocking it down . I have to go over it a few times , but that is not unreasonable considering the height.I did not make any blade-height adjustments . I used it on the factory-out-of-the-box setting . I had no problem with the handle assembly . You do have to tighten the nuts as tightly as possible and this can not be done with your fingers.The rubberized handle covers went on without the recommended soapy water placed inside each one from the instruction booklet.I love it ! No gasoline ! No noise ! No fumes ! More people might begin buying these mowers if gasoline keeps rising in price!If you do n't have acres of grass , there is no reason to get a gas-powered mower .
 Moving toward a greener ` me ' , I wanted to cut my grass in as earth friendly a way as possible . So I checked out Lowe 's and some other hardware/lawn stores in regards to reel mowers . As it often does , price factored heavily and I decided to give this one a try . It has proven to be up to the task . I let my lawn go too long before ordering one , so it was difficult to get some of the weeds over 6-8 inches tall , but other than that , it has been great . And I have mowed my lawn without releasing any emissions , how cool is that ? Easy set up and assembly too . I had it out of the box and cutting in about 20 minutes .
 I LOVE my push reel push mower . It works great and does a beautiful job cutting the grass . I do have to rake up all the sticks in my yard so the mower does n't get jammed with them . Also . my husband had to make cutting adjustments for a clean cut in the beginning . Now , I look forward to mowing my yard . It is very quiet and no smell . I have found it to be a great way to exercise and take off pounds . Cheaper then going to the gym ! Best 85.00 ever spent .
 Fast delivery , easy assembly . In order to get a clean cut on the grass it is frequently necessary to go over some spots a few times .
 IT is still winter here . But i have a small putting green and it works great for it .
 I assembled , in ten minutes , with a 7/16 ratchet and adjustable pliers . works beautifully . I can not believe the cut . One reviewer said the grips fell off . I used a bicycle trick with the hand grips . Spray a little aqua net hair spray inside the grips before you slip them on . It allows for ease of installation , and the stuff gets sticky as it drys . Love this product !
 My lawn is a mix of St. Augustine and Bermudagrass , depending on the sun/shade of a given area . This mower breezes through the St. Augustine , but jams up constantly on bermudagrass . Even immediately after sharpening it , I find that I have to mow the bermudagrass sections 6 '' at a time and make 2-3 passes . Given a little extra time and some heave-ho , it gets the job done . The real downside to this back and forth is that the plastic brackets holding the rear roller failed . I replaced them with hollow square steel tubing , and have n't had any problems with that since.On the whole , I 'm quite pleased , though a little surprised by the difficulty with this one specific grass.As an aside , I live 8 blocks from the gulf of mexico , and have had no problems with rust or corrosion of any kind from the salty air .
 We have a large yard , but use a push mower around trees and bushes that are hard to get with a riding lawn mower . Just recently our push mower broke and decided to buy this to replace it . We love it ! It 's lighter and easier to push then the push mower we had . Like any push mower , you still have to use a weed eater . I would highly recommend this to anyone that is looking for a new lawn mower !!!
 I was a bit skeptical about whether this would be a good product , but my husband mowed our small yard with it today and I am glad I bought it . I agree with other reviewers ' who said that really tall grass or weeds will be left behind by the mower when the rest of the grass is the same height , but I think we 'll just buy a gas powered trimmer for edging and dealing with any stragglers . Overall , this mower was easy to use and worked well and was so quiet !
 Like another review said this is perfect for a small yard . It 's not too heavy or too big to carry or store . It works perfectly & it was easy to assemble . The CON for this product is the box it came in . It came in a simple brown box and when I received the package the box was broken in almost all eight corners which means that pieces could have been lost & I could have been left with lawn mower missing parts . Luckily no pieces were lost & it 's almost a month that I have been using this lawn mower .
 This is a great product for mowing my zoysia grass . It is easier to use than my B&D electric mower and cuts cleaner , more precise , and in less time . The mower is not heavy to use . A negative -LRB- not for me -RRB- is that if any mulch bark or twigs are in the lawn , they must be removed before using this 7 blade mower or it will stop the mower . I have been in the habit of cleaning my lawn of this debris before mowing anyway . There are many different cutting heights to get to the correct one -LRB- although not just a one step operation -RRB- .
 It was very easy to assemble and works very well . It got stuck a few times but probably because our yard if currently loaded with twigs . I did n't get to try it out much yet , because we just finished mowing our lawn with a gas mower and now we are getting lots of rainy weather.The mower arrived very quickly and had no defects .
 I had read a nice review of the American Lawn Mower Company 's list of reel mowers and I was convinced this was the right machine for me . I have a centipede lawn and this machine cuts better than any gas or electric mower I own . Neither of them is reliable either , while this machine should go the distance . I purchased the blade sharpening kit as well , so far have n't needed it -LRB- I have used it four times already since March -RRB- . It is lighter than either the gas or electric mower I have , so it is no harder to push nor maneuver . You wo n't regret buying this from Amazon.com as I got free shipping and delivery was in 5 days . You have to assemble the mower , but that is relatively simple , although the instructions are poor .
 Looking for an easy way to mow your lawn , save $ , and get some excercise ? Then this mower is for you ! It works great on Bermuda Grass with the 7 blades . The only perceived drawback is that you need to mow a little more often since it will not cut the seed heads very well when they get too tall . However , you get a little more exercise in the process . I would classify this as the cadillac model for reel mowers . Easy to maneuver , cuts well , and is an excellent choice for the $ .
 Put together easily and mowed down our new lawn like a hot knife through butter . It really did much better than even the company said it would . I 'm very impressed with this product !
 Nearly every homeowner in my immediate area -LRB- where the lawns average less than 1/4 acre -RRB- possesses a giant , smelly , noisy gas powered mower . Surely a better way existed , but what to do ? A reel mower , one state-of-the-art , simple to operate and quiet fills the bill . This product is easy to assemble -LRB- lawn cutting out of the box within 20 minutes -RRB- , easy to use -LRB- I let my seven-year-old son push it around with supervision for a few minutes -RRB- and very effective on our small yard . Furthermore , the slippery handle grips mentioned above were neither easy to put on -LRB- unless lubricated with a bit of soapy water -RRB- or easily removed . If you have a small , relatively flat yard - you ca n't go wrong . The unit is quite maneuverable and generates about as much noise as roller-blade skates .
 I bought the Great States model 1415-16 mower from Amazon two years ago . The same company makes the Great States , American , and Scotts brands ... You ca n't buy directly from Great States/American and Amazon has the best selection . From what I 've read and experienced , buy the lightest mower with at least five blades . I 'll tell you this . These are n't your father 's reel mowers . Today 's reel mowers are state-of-the-art . Once you buy one of these , you 'll never go back to gas . The one I have can compete with any of the `` best '' gas-driven mowers on my street . It 's easy to push , more gentle on the grass , and does n't pollute . Best of all ? No starting . No gas . No maintenance . I have n't had to sharpen the blades yet . This is one item I can recommend without reservation .
 An old BMX biking trick for putting handles on easily and making them stick is to spray them down with hair spray before slipping them on . They go on real easy when wet and are stuck tight when dry .
 I 've used one of these lawnmowers for years in Virginia , Michigan , Indiana , and now Minnesota . Unless you 've got a very large yard -LRB- in which case I 'd recommend you plant something more interesting than grass ! -RRB- or let your grass grow very tall , these work well . They are far safer than gasoline and electric lawnmowers . If you hit a stick or rock with this type , the blades just stop ! Neighborhood kids will be so surprised to see one of these that they often offer to cut part of the yard just to try it out . I 'll never go back to a huge , noisy , stinkin ' gas mower . When I 'm done cutting the grass , I just hang the mower on a hook on the garage wall . No plugs , no oil , no gas . It does n't get better than this .12 / 07/11 Update
 I was looking for a small light weight mower that did n't wear you out pulling the starter cord just to get it going , or one that did n't need a long cord to hassle with . This mower fits the bill . It was easy and quick to assemble . I took it for a run around the yard . It really cuts great . The only down side was that some of the long grass tended to wrap around the axle , I had to stop and unwind that . So far I have n't had to adjust the cutting height , that looks like it might be a challenge when the time comes . Over all , I rate this as one of the better purchases I 've made .
 your grass . I 've had mine for about 7 years . It definitely needs sharpening every other year , but it 's a great little mower for smallish yards . If you do n't have a smallish yard , save the money you would 've spent at a gym and buy this mower -- -LSB- or the 18 '' or 20 '' which I 'm now considering -RSB- -- it 's also a great workout ! Beware of letting your grass get too long , though . Hard to cut if long , esp . weeds . Nice that you do n't hassle at all with gas , oil , noise and general smellyness of regular mower . Must edge with weedeater .
 This is the fourth reel lawn mower that I have owned in the past 30 years . It took about ten minutes to read the instructions and assemble it . I then immediately cut my lawn and had excellent results . My lawn is about 50 % grass and 50 % weeds with a lot of sticks and branches scattered about . This mower performed the best of all the mowers that I have used.I must comment on many other reviewers who noted either as an observation or a complaint that that this mower will not cut sticks or branches . This is absolutely true . But none of my previous push reel mowers could either . This situation is normal for a push reel mower . So if you are used to a power mower and have decided to go `` natural '' , then be advised that cutting with a push mower means more physical work.Another point that I must make . I have never owned a power mower . The primary reason is safety . It is almost impossible to cut off fingers or toes with a push mower . I assume it could be done but I have not figured out how . Many people who have criticized or commented negatively about why I would want such an old fashioned device have little retort when I point out that I know of no one who has lost a finger or toe with a push mower . Whereas I personally know of several people who have with power mowers.This machine has fulfilled all expectations and I have no problem recommending this mower to anyone who likes a little exercise .
 Great way to stay on top of your exercise program as well as have a nice looking lawn . The mower is truly easier to push than a conventional rotary with an engine . The relativly quite whiring of the reel against the bed knife is a more soothing sound to both you and your neighbors . Mow often , when you are removing 1/3 of the grass blade or less and your lawn will thank you by displaying it 's true beauty . Mowing less frequently may require repeating the job perpendicular to the first course to slice off missed blades -LRB- because of their length -RRB- . Works well with St. Augustine and Centipede , both Southern creeping grasses . I am anxious to try it out on my winter rye coming around Christmastime here in Tampa Bay . My friend said I was nuts to give up using my self-propelled Lawn Boy ... then I let him mow a couple of swaths . Now he wants to buy the 20 '' model . Nuts , huh ?
 We have a very large backyard 1 acre . Ofcourse we have the riding lawn mower and the smaller electrical one.But now I have my wonderful pushing mower . It is wonderful ! I have lost close to 10 pounds . Instead of exercising . I hate the word exercising , I take out my mower and mow parts of my lawn . It does have a small problem it does not like any twigs it will stop immediately if it hits a twig . But my lawn is all grass so I have n't had much problems with this . If you have a lawn that has too many branches and twigs this mower will not work for you .
 I have a john deer riding tractor for my lawn , but always have trouble mowing in between trees and hard to get spots , it is too big for a line trimmer , besides line trimmers do not cut evenly . It is a overkill for another motorized push mower ; this one is the perfect match and it does not take storage space . The only drawback is that it comes with a low setting of 1 and half inch height ; it says that it adjusts to 2 and half inch , but you have to remove nuts and bolds not very easy . Overall , it cuts nicely .
 I had been using a push reel mower for over five years and was well satisfied , then I decided to take advantage of the Bermuda grass that had established itself in my yard and mow it very low . This seven blade mower really is a fine piece of machinery and does an excellent job on my grass at the lower heights of 1/2 inch to 1 inch . As with all push reel mowers you can not expect to run over sticks and pine cones as they will stop you in your tracks when they jam your blades . You also can not expect to cut grass that is 6 inches high down to 1 inch with a single pass of a reel mower . If you know what you are getting into a reel mower is very rewarding considering you get some exercise while making your home look nice and do it all without noise or fumes . I can mow my lawn at 6:00 am before it gets hot without disturbing my family or my neighbors . It is not for everyone , as my son does not like to mow with a reel mower . He feels it is too small and the limitations such as difficulty with tall grass seed pods and onions that bend down without getting cut outweigh the advantages of cleanly cut grass , i.e. no brown edges , no scalping , and smooth even cuts . I recommend this to the educated user , you get what you expect .
 A few years ago I bought one of those Task Force reel mowers from Lowes , used it a couple times and it fell apart , on top of it not doing a good job at cutting the grass . I basically threw $ 80 on the ground.Then I researched and read reviews , and stumbled upon this bad boy . This reel mower is the reel-deal ! I could n't be happier . It 's super high-quality , and the only plastic parts are the rear rollers and hubcaps . Inexpensive , easy to put together , does an excellent job cutting grass , the whole nine-yards . I recommend this over anything you can find at Lowes or Home Depot . Spend the extra $ 20 and do it right .
 Excellent mower ! High quality and does an incredible job ! I had only used power mowers all my life until now , but would highly advise using this product .
 Assembly
 I love this mower , it 's a little monster!I 've used this mower 5 times , twice on high dense grass.After reading a couple of the negative reviews I ordered this mower prepared to reinforce the handle with PVC pipe to be safe . However , after assembling it I did n't think it was necessary to do so and so far so good . The handle seems very sturdy , perhaps the ones that broke were overtightened when assembled ? The mower itself is well made of quality materials , I 'm not worried about blades breaking or wheels coming off , it 's solid.I 'm not sure what people are talking about when they say it gets stuck on every little twig and it wo n't mow over 6 inches of grass . It 's done both for me -LRB- 10 inches with careful force -RRB- , not that I recommend doing so regulary though for the sake of the blades.No , it does n't cut every single blade of grass in prefectly uniform height but I 'm not someone who really cares if my neighbors do n't think my grass is `` straight '' and my neighbors do n't care anyway . It 's supposed to cut grass effeciently and it does . If you want a more `` perfect '' looking cut , mow in a grid fashion . Once up and down , once across -LRB- baseball field style -RRB- . Remember to take 30 seconds to spray it down with a bit of WD40 after you mow and it 's good to go . My final word
 I have enjoyed my reel mower on my new sod . As someone stated , it is most useful if the lawn is very flat . Mine is not -LRB- in spots -RRB- and , as a result , I 've had to mow it repeatedly to get it trimmed evenly . Not just once or twice , sometimes three or four times . -LRB- That 's why I give it only 4 stars ! -RRB- That being said , I have enjoyed the peace and quiet of a manually powered mower . I 've mowed after dark -LRB- with outside lights -RRB- and early in the morning . I do n't feel guilty about mowing over the same area again as the only energy I 'm using is my own.I 'd recommend this for someone with a smaller , mostly level yard who does n't mind the old saying , `` If at first you do n't succeed , try , try again ! ''
 I have been using this mower for about 6 months now , and I am very satisfied with my purchase . The best way to use it is to mow every week . It is also a very good workout . The setup was a piece of cake and it is very easy to use . I like the easy height adjustment feature a lot . The only problem I had so far was that the nut fastening the two parts of the handle with a screw came off while mowing and I had to fix it back .
 Works as advertised and we are really enjoying the peace and quiet are wonderful . Not having to run to the gas station before starting is also a joy .
 I found this to be great mower . Please note that if your grass is high , as mine was , the initial mow will be difficult , but do not be discouraged . The next mows were much better . I can now mow at anytime without disturbing my neighbors , and it is better for the environment .
 I did n't buy this because I 'm some tree-hugging hippie , I did it because with bermuda grass a reel mower is the only way to go . The cut on bermuda grass is outstanding . Flat as can be and I can cut it about 3/4 '' tall vs 1.5 '' on my gas mower . And the grass stays green even after mowing . With my gas mower it turned brown for a couple days and by the time it greened up it was time to mow.Besides the unbeatable cut , my eyes and nose do n't get full of dust like with my gas mower.Despite what some reviews here say , its a piece of cake to assemble , literally 3 bolts and 2 e-rings . And it 's NOT difficult to push , its easier and lighter than any gas mower . My 3 year old son can push it around all day . And if it gets jammed with a stick , he just spins the reel in the opposite direction with his foot and then continues right along.This thing is fantastic .
 Received the unit on time . Once open the mower had a small broken piece . Called customer service and received the replacement piece in 4 days . Mower works great on my bermuda grass .
 Assembly was quick - five minutes . Then , I went to just push it to see how it felt and I ended up mowing the entire lawn -LRB- ~ 800 sq feet -RRB- in fifteen minutes , quietly and honest , without breaking a sweat ! -LRB- It 's 80 and humid and in tight jeans . -RRB- The lawn had n't been mowed in six weeks and was pretty long . This mower cut it all . Usually my husband does the lawn . He is going to be so impressed . It is no harder to push than a gas mower . One problem mentioned elsewhere I had too
 Works great . I mow a small area with Turfalo -LRB- buffalograss hybrid -RRB- . At times pieces of wood mulch from the garden beds will stop the blade but I just back up a bit a keep on going . What I like most is when I want to mow I grab the mower and start mowing . It does not get close to the sides of vertical surfaces so you do have a little more trimming to do . Overall I am very happy with the mower . Others reviews said the handle bends easily but I have not had a problem with that happening although I plan to stiffen it up a bit with a fabricated brace across the top of both handles .
 American Lawn Mower Company 16-Inch Bent Reel Mower # 1705-16I ca n't be happier with this purchase . I have been using a gas guzzling power reel mower for the last 11 years . I keep my lawn looking good all the time . I got to thinking , `` What if I switched to a push reel mower ? '' I had doubts because I remember in my youth , I hated the push mower . It was too hard to push . Not this one . It glides across the lawn easily and quietly . It does an incredible job . I actually look forward to mowing the grass now ! Great product !
 I bought this mower last year after having had my eye on it for a long time -- never mind the fact that I got it at a good price , which was n't bad either -- but after I got it and put it together , I took it out in my yard and tried it out the first time , and I practically fell in love with it ! It cuts my grass like nothing I 've ever seen , and in addition to being better for the environment , it 's piqued the interest of several people who have seen me out mowing my grass ! My only regret is that this is n't a video review so I can show everybody how great this little mower is !
 American Lawn Mower Company 16-Inch Bent Reel Mower # 1705-16Sweet machine . Great results . Easier to maintain and use than a powered mower . Congratulations .
 When the summer started , I did n't know a thing about soil or seed but figured out enough to plant a nice 30 x 30 plot with grass that -- oh oh -- suddenly needed mowing . I asked my Mom -LRB- my lazy Dad always left the lawn and the mower to her -RRB- and she suggested a simple manual model -- the sort she pushed well into her 70s . I chose the 1705-16 based on the price and reviews here in Amazon and three days later it arrived . One part had sheared in transit so I sent the company an e-mail . Three days later , a replacement part arrived and with two box wrenches I had the mower together in 15 minutes -LRB- it 's a five minute job if you know in advance not to fully tighten the handle bolts until you have hooked the end slots onto the stubs on the reel assembly , and that the grips go on faster if you twist them as you push them on . -RRB- One push and I was off , the nice sissoring sound , so peaceful and industrious , far more seemly than the roar of a gas engine . Since the grass was a bit longer than the suggested maximum 4 inches , I had to make a couple of passes to get the plot evenly trimmed , but now that it 's uniformly cut , the weekly cross cut trims leave my grass even and neat . I trim the edges with a pair of electric clippers and I 'm done in less than a half hour.I planted tall fescue which responds well to reel mowing but I tested it on rye grass and it does n't work so well unless the rye is already close to mowing height.I did n't think I could plant a lawn let alone maintain one , but with some decent rain , decent service , and a decent mower , I now have a decent back yard .
 The 16 '' American Lawn Mower is perfect for my small lawn area . It 's just like the old iron mower I pushed as a kid ... but lighter and much , much easier to maneuver . Size , weight and quality are great . Appears to be American made .
 I have a 1 year old , $ 400 gas mower that is now extinct . I did n't realize that my new house has a Hybrid Bermuda lawn . The gas mower use to leave the lawn looking dry looking and brown , So I switched to this mower and what a difference . My bermuda turf is still suffering/recovering from severe droughts and rye grass mix -LRB- explained later -RRB- , but it 's starting to look like a mini golf fairway . Some parts of the lawn look and feel like pure carpet.Note
 I have a small yard , so I thought I 'd try this instead of a gas mower . I have to say , mowing the lawn with this is actually kind of fun ! It 's so peaceful to not have the noise and fumes and dust . Also , I figure just being able to grab this from the shed is much easier than it would be to deal with trying to start a gas mower . I do n't think sticks really pose a big problem . The smallest ones get cut up as you go , or you just run over them and they stay on the ground . Occasionally , I 'd hit one that 'd stop me a little , but then I just back up , kick the stick out of the way , and go on . My guess is that most sticks that pose a problem for this mower would not be good for your gas mower either -- or they 'd get thrown into a window or something . Also , remember , if you move a stick out of the way of your gas mower , you have to re-start the stupid thing . This you just move the stick and keep going . I do n't know how well I 'd like this if I had a large yard , but I quite recommend it for medium to small yards !
 This is a great mower for a small lawn . There are many areas that must be passed over twice to get an even cut . It is not to heavy to push , it moves smoothly across the lawn .
 I planted a Bermuda grass lawn in my back yard , about 450 sq ft.With this mower I can mow the lawn in less time than it would take me to all usual starting rituals with my gas mower . And since Bermuda needs mowing evry other day during the hot season , that 's a serious time saver.The Mower is a very high quality product that should last a very long time with minimal service .
 I use this to mow a small area of my lawn where I practice chipping and pitching golf balls . I call it my `` pet '' grass since I got this mower and it makes it look so good . I mow 6 acres , so it 's not something I use extensively -LRB- I use my 72 '' Dixie Chopper for most of the place -RRB- , but it makes the grass look so very good . The cut is awesome . Wish it was a little wider , even for the 3000sf I mow with it , and adjusting the height is a bit of a hassle -LRB- takes a wrench , big deal -RRB- , but I love it . It will cut lower than the smoothness of my lawn will allow , but on a smooth area , it would cut almost putting green height -LRB- you have to raise the wheels to get the lowest cuts , but it 's not a big deal either . -RRB- I would highly recommend this mower for someone who wants to mow bermuda grass with few or no weeds . It wo n't touch a stalky weed at all , but it 's not made for that . It pushes easier than a gas push mower . Just realize that the blades are not as wide as the wheels , so it feels like you are overlapping a lot . I use it for exercise too , more fun than the treadmill . It follows the contours of the groung beautifully . Great mower for small manicured areas . I would purchase a wider model of the same mower if something happened to this one .
 Excellent product for a health conscious buyer who is concerned about the environment . Cuts well . Quiet . Very solid construction . I am delighted with this mower and certainly recommend it for like minded households .
 We have a small lawn and wanted a way to mow it , but not spend lots of money . Our grass is also erratic and full of weeds . This lawn mower works great . It 's so quiet , I can hardly hear the motor running . Oops there is none . But we now have a nice looking lawn , for a low price . It is sturdy and we expect it to be the last lawn mower we ever buy . pjt
 I live in the Atlanta , GA area and have about 6,500 square feet -LRB- less than 1/4 acre -RRB- of hybrid Bermuda grass . I bought my house about 8 months ago and needed a new lawn mower to take care of my yard . I am trying to be more `` green '' so I had purchased an electric mower , but the power cord was always getting in the way.One day while surfing around Amazon -LRB- I love Amazon ! -RRB- I came across this reel mower . A mower that required no maintenance , no gas or oil and no power cord seemed too good to be true . After doing some research I found that this type of lawn mower is the exact same kind that they use to cut golf courses -LRB- just smaller of course ! -RRB- . It actually trims the blades of grass instead of tearing them -LRB- like a rotary mower does -RRB- , so , in theory , your grass should be healthier after being cut with a reel mower . After more research I found that Amazon had the best prices -LRB- and free shipping ! -RRB- on these reel mowers , so I decided to buy one.The mower arrived in 2 days -LRB- did I mention that I love Amazon ! -RRB- and I was able to put it together in about 10 minutes with just a wrench . I was so intrigued that I decided to try cutting a little bit of my yard . Before I knew it I had cut the entire yard!Granted , my yard is pretty small , but this mower worked perfectly for me . Extremely quiet and easy to push around , plus the cut of the grass looks amazing ! It did take a little uumph to push the mower up the hills , but I was happy to have a little exercise.My yard was pretty well trimmed , so this mower cut easily . Even though I have pretty thick Bermuda grass , the blades easily cut through the grass and left a very professional , golf course look to my yard . I can definitely see how it would be a problem if your grass was tall though.Since the mower is totally manual , the more grass that has to be cut , the more work it is . A couple of twigs in the yard did get caught up in the blades and I had to stop and back up , but the sticks fell right out and I was able to keep going.For less than $ 100 shipped , the pros of this mower far outweigh any negatives that come with it . I give this product 5 stars and would definitely encourage anyone with a medium to small sized yard that is looking for a greener solution to taking care of your yard to try this mower out !
 This mower really cuts grass well . Only 2 drawbacks I found
 Mower works great on bermuda in az . I mow 2-3 times per week so the length cut off is rarely over 1 inch and mower can handle my 1000 sq eet in about 15 minutes
 After using this for five years : Pros
 Decided to get this mower so I would n't have to bother with gas , wondering if I was going to get the thing started , having to get it serviced every year and so that I would get exercise naturally and hopefully have it for life . My yard is n't very large , but large enough that I did the front yard one day and the back another . I love this mower . It was easy to put together -LRB- and that 's saying a lot for me -RRB- , it gives me the exercise I wanted -LRB- 60 + woman -RRB- and it does a beautiful job on the lawn besides helping the environment . Granted it has a difficult time mowing the thin weeds , but those are what I will dig up anyway and I occasionally have to reach down and take a twig out of the blades , but it 's all worth it . Just try to pick up twigs from your yard before mowing and it should be a breeze .
 We moved back east , and that means we have a little postage stamp yard . I wanted
 This is a fantastic lawnmower , my husband and I love it . You wo n't find this at the stores -LRB- we checked -RRB- , so definitely save yourself some time and buy it online . It 's surprisingly durable and works very well . I would agree you have to mow often - we had difficulty mowing the lawn after a 2-week hiatus . The clippings bag that amazon recommends for the mower is terrible , so I would recommend getting another bag if you purchase this product .
 I purchased this reel mower back at the beginning of May 2009 so I 've been using it for 3 months now . I have a very expensive Toro mower that sits in my garage , not working after 2 years of use . I have no idea what 's wrong with it and I do n't even care because this mower has been GREAT ! When I first used it , it was very difficult because I had n't mowed yet for the season and the grass was long . I had to go over it twice and had some bad blisters and even bruises on my palm . I was worried if it was always going to be that hard . I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and weigh 105 lbs but I work out every day and I 'm pretty strong and it was still really hard ! But now , I mow once a week and it 's perfect ! I have n't sharpened the blades since I got it but I can tell I 'll need to have them sharpened before next season but it should last through the summer . I 'm going to order the blade sharpening kit and see if I can do it myself . It is really easy to maneuver , even going around my curved planting beds , and I can lift the entire thing with one arm . I have a 50 ' x 150 ' yard and I mow the entire thing with it . I also have 5 big trees -LRB- 4 of them maples -RRB- and the tree roots are horrendous but the reel mower has been handling the bumps really well . Sometimes I have to get creative and go three different directions to get all the grass around a large surfaced root but it works ! And with the trees , I get a lot of sticks but I just spend an 5 extra minutes picking up the biggest branches and I do n't really have a problem . If it hits a stick and it gets stuck in the reel , I have this way of spinning the reel backwards with my foot to release the stick without barely missing a step while mowing . In the front yard , I do go over each pass a second time but that is just because I am really particular about it . In the back yard I do n't care as much and it still looks fine . It has even been really good at cutting the dandelions although I only have a few . I ca n't get really close to the telephone poles or my trees but I just grab some grass scissors and take care of it . I really like cutting my lawn now ! It is so relaxing ! The mower is so quiet that my 4 dogs walk right up it while I 'm mowing and the 13 yr old sheltie does n't even wake from her nap when I 'm a row away from her . The quality is great , too . Very sturdy ! One of my handles came bent so I called customer service who quickly took my name and address and sent me out a new handle . They did n't even ask for a receipt or anything ! I was afraid it was going to be a hassle but that was great service ! Last weekend I listened to my neighbor trying to start her mower for a couple hours . The next day , she still had n't gotten it started . I am so glad I do n't have to deal with that any more ! I would recommend this mower to anyone!UPDATE
 I 've been using this push lawn mower for 5 months now . We live in California and have a small yard in front and back.Here 's a summary of my experience using the mower.I also want to note , that no one else on my block has a push mower . They all are using gas powered mowers and their yards are the same size as ours.The grass must be dry and short , otherwise , it will take a lot of muscle to push the mower and cut the grass . If you have a sloping yard , then I would suggest pushing it down hill rather than up hill or side ways . Pushing it up-hill will take more of your energy.The grass must be clear of any debris such as wood chips or rocks . Otherwise , the mower will abruptly stop with a jolt . You 'll need to clear the object from the blades before it will work again.You can adjust the level of the blades by turning some screws.I bought the grass catcher . It hooks to the mower easily and catches the grass clippings . When the catcher gets full , some of the clippings start falling out the front part of the catcher . Also , it starts to come off . Just empty the catcher frequently and you wo n't have these problems . The catcher does add a small amount of extra weight so pushing the mower with the catcher on takes a little more energy . The alternative is to mow without the catcher and rake up the grass clippings afterwards . Your choice . One last thing with the catcher , if it 's breezy , some of the grass clippings will blow up and out of the grass catcher.To sum everything up : Pros -- The push mower is great if you have a small yard and you mow it frequently . The mower does n't require any gas and it does n't take up much space in the garage.Cons -- You 'll need to take a shower after you mow the yard because you 'll be sweating from the workout . Also , you might want to take a nap .
 First I have to say that this is my first reel mower , so I have nothing to compare to , and my motivation for this purchase was not to be green , although it 's nice to know I 'm being green when using it . I bought this because the Tiffgreen sod supplier recommended cutting with a reel mower between 1/4 '' and 1-1/4 '' high . Tiffgreen is a Bermuda hybrid creeping grass ; so given the low cut setting and the fact this mower is specifically designed to cut Bermuda creeping grass and was the only one I could find in this price range , it was a no brainer.I unpackaged , assembled the mower and grass catcher -LRB- sold separately -RRB- , adjusted the cut height , and cut my 1300 sq ft lawn in less than 1 hour . So yeah , it 's easy to assemble , adjust , and use.In my opinion this mower and the grass catcher is exactly what I expected , given the price . The quality of the mower assembly itself seems very good , but I can see why others have complained about the handle being cheap -LRB- it could defiantly be better -RRB- , but with care it should last several seasons -LRB- maybe longer -RRB- , and seems like it would be simple enough to replace if and when required.It 's not exactly easy to push -LRB- it 's a little like work -RRB- , but it 's not exactly hard either . It seems easy enough to maneuver , but will take a little time to get use to it and develop a system that is best for cutting my lawn . After a few cuts I 'm sure I will be very efficient with it.I did have to go over some areas twice , but I had to do that with my power rotary mower also . My lawn is completely bordered by brick and cement and it leaves about 4 '' of uncut grass against all of the borders ; so investing in a good trimmer is a must . And as other reviewers have stated , it will get hung up on debris in your yard , but it 's not a big deal for me as I keep my grass short and clean.I knew exactly what I was buying , so I was prepared to deal with all of the things I have discussed ; again I was looking for a clean short cut and this does that , so for the price I 'm happy . If I had to replace it , I might decide to invest in a more expensive mower , but this one does exactly what I need for now.I can see that this type of mower is not for everyone , if your lawn is overgrown , or has a lot of debris ; then you do n't want this type of mower . This is really for someone that is trying to keep their lawn looking like a golf course , so if that 's you , look no further .
 Just received this lawn mower today ... awesome product . This is exactly what you want if you want to have your yard cut to a low cut height ... around 1/2 inch or if you have grasses like bermuda in the summer or if you overseed with rye in the winter . Perfect . I bought the basic model about a month ago at Home Depot with 5 blades ... it 's a toy compared to this one with 7 blades . I really would n't have believed the difference until I cut with the new one . It can cut to a much lower level and cut the grass much more finely than the basic model . I think the basic model would be great for fescue grass or a grass that would be cut to around 1 '' . The blades turn very easily and you get a great work out . Got it for $ 99 ... where else can you get a new lawnmower for $ 99 that will have your neighbors wondering how you get your yard to look so great ... GET ONE !!!!
 My grass is overgrown . Overgrown as in more than 2 months without any love . We just moved in to a house with a yard and I wanted a mower I could handle by myself and required little maintenance . For those reasons , this mower is perfect.The only downside is in my vigor to get my yard done before the coming thunderstorms , I may have pushed the mower to its limit . I have successfully lost 1 -LRB- nearly 2 -RRB- of the e rings , and 1 complete nut and bolt . This makes me sad , but given the design , I should have paid attention to the nut & bolt and caught them before they popped off.To remedy the situation , I called the manufacturer and they are sending out a replacement hardware kit free of charge . While I do have a half finished yard , I am happy not to have to shell out money or drive down to the hardware store to make this right . It was no hassle at all . I would still recommend this mower -LRB- just keep control of the yard -RRB- and I am incredibly satisfied with the customer service .
 I resodded my yard from St Augustine to Empire Zoysia . I wanted to give a reel mower a chance but always presumed I would go back to a motored mower . I have been highly impressed and the yard looks great . One note , after every use I blow off any dry clippings and spray the blades down with WD40 . This has drastically improved the ease of use .
 I bought a reel mower specifically to cut Emerald Zoysia grass . This grass is a fine bladed grass that needs to be cut between inch and one inch high . Rotary mowers tear the grass and give an uneven appearance . Setting a rotary this low also invites scalping.The mower arrived in a carton with plastic air bags and balled paper for protection . The protection did n't work and one of the retainers for the rear roller was broken . The accompanying instructions showed a parts diagram and I promptly ordered the part by telephone at no charge . Since it only cost $ 1.05 , I ordered 2 spares . The part is actually quite durable , but being plastic , I decided to be on the safe side . The part arrived the next day to my surprise . To my bigger surprise , the shipping and handling was $ 9.00 . I promptly installed the part and the handle , and began cutting . The mower comes completely assembled except for the handle , which is an easy installation . The blade is factory adjusted . This model comes with a 5 and 7-blade reel . I ordered the 7-blade reel -LRB- more blades for more even cutting -RRB- . The mower is light weight , quiet , efficient and easy to push . Regarding the `` easy to push '' comment , my yard is very gently sloping -LRB- read flat -RRB- and the fine bladed grass does not offer much resistance . I am completely satisfied with the mower.The design of this mower has to be pre-WW II vintage . It is truly a proven classic and I suspect that polycarbonate parts have been added to the non-stressed areas to reduce rust , maintenance and costs . There is only one drawback to the design . The distance from the outer edge of the wheels to the near edge of the cutting reel is approximately 3 inches . This means that unlike a rotary whose cutting blade extends to the outer edge of the wheel , when cutting , you must overlap beyond the wheel mark of flattened grass . This is n't a big problem as I align the 1st support ring of the reel with the flattened grass of the wheel and it works just fine . If you 've been cutting with a rotary all your life , it does take some getting used to . The real problem with the distance between the wheel and the cutting reel is at planting beds ; a mowing strip is needed . I do not have a mowing strip on some of my planting beds , but the mower is light enough to lift the planting bed wheel slightly and still cut to the edge of the bed . Both wheels drive the reel independently so you can perform this little feat in either direction . This takes some getting used to also . I do n't recommend this method long-term and I plan on installing a mowing strip on the remaining beds . Quality of cut is excellent and most horticulturalists recommend cutting grass with a reel mower , as it pinches the grass at the cut , helps seal the end and avoids the brown tips associated with dull rotary blades . It also helps prevent disease from entering the grass at the vulnerable cut .
 Overall , it is worth what I paid for it . Cuts easily and being a 16 '' rather than an 18 '' it weighs a little less which makes it easier to lift . I would give it five stars but that fifth one will have to be earned through a long service lift .
 I bought this mower to try and cut our expenses , gas , oil etc. . As a kid I remember using one and was pleasantly surprised at the heavy duty construction and ease of use . It cuts like butter , we have a bermuda grass lawn . I will never go back to gasoline driven mowers .
 I just got it yesterday and put it together this morning , it took about 10 min . and I adjusted the blades to have less contact , as the paint on the blades needs to where off . The mower is well made and cuts great and a lot lower than my power mower.I cut my yard two weeks ago with my power mower and it is Bermuda grass and a hybrid mix it turner brown and look very bad.The only thing that I would change is to put the bottom of the handle on the mower before you put it together as it is easier to get it on that way and oil the mower before the first use.Well , on to my first use , I cut my yard in about 20 min . and it was the easiest that it has been in 3 years the mower is very easy to push and does a great job cutting the grass . I just do n't Know what took me so long to try one , I will not go back to my power mower ! I would highly recommend it to everyone , it is one fantastic mower .
 I have a bent grass lawn which this mower was designed to cut . Bent grass is used on golf courses in the North because it can be mowed very low and fills in to form a carpet like surface . You ca n't mow it with a rotary mower . I have had a bent grass lawn for 20 years . I used this mower for an entire growing season and it has exceeded my expectations for the very low price . I am able to take it down to 1/2 inch where bent grass thrives . By taking bent grass to that level you get a much thicker lawn . The extra blades in this mower cut the lawn more cleanly although I usually cut it twice at a 90 deg angle . My lawn looks like a golf tee at a really expensive country club . A couple of notes . This mower is not designed to take 2 inches off your lawn because you only mow twice a month . It will does not handle rough surfaces very well . By the way , a push mower like this is the fastest way to cut a small lawn . Young children can easily push this mower as long as you do n't let the lawn grow too high . I can mow early in the morning , late at night without bothering anyone . Small lawn - push mower is the only way to go .
 I got this delivered to me sooner than a book I ordered just 1 state away . Seller is # 1 as far as quality and description . Getting used to a reel mower since all I have ever really used are power ones . Love the quietness and no fumes !
 Easy to assemble with decent instructions . Lightweight enough to load into van to transport between two sites of use . Like I remember of years of yore , cuts grass well but requires a bit more effort than my electric rotary mower .
 mows our grass just great , no fuel , engine noise or odor , just clean quiet quick cutting . this model is made in the USA .
 Strong bulb for size ; nice cord and connectors ; also included
 We had one of these hoses a few years ago , and used it most of the time as a soaker . But it was in the winter that we found the most valuable use for it . Living in South Louisiana , before a cold winter night -LRB- or even a spell -RRB- , we covered our row of tomato and pepper plants with plastic . If it was to go all the way down to freezing -LRB- pretty rare around here -RRB- , we turned over the hose and tucked in our warm weather plants , and then covered all that with old blankets.The next day , before we let the harsh sunlight at our frazzled plants , we just turned on the water and rewarded their endurance with a soft spray ... just what they needed to resist the dehydrating sun ! We had tomatoes and peppers in January !
 i 've tried the other 50 foot soaker hoses that are black with a red line down the middle , and while they seem sturdy they are really just awful - the hose material cracks easily and when you connect two together you get no pressure down stream in the second hose . a complete waste of money . this one , on the other hand , seems cheap but works great . it 's made of thin plastic but the holes are much more precise so it delivers a consistent stream of water all the way down the 100 feet . it takes some care to roll it up , but if you take the time to do it right you get a nice small roll that 's easy to store . there 's no marking to show which side emits water , so that 's a bit of a challenge , and i would n't want to have to move this hose around often , but once you get it in place it performs great . perfect for soaking a stretch of new grass seed for a couple weeks .
 The hose is very efficiently packaged and very light -- you can hold a 100-foot hose in one hand ! Its plastic is thin and probably not super-durable , so I would n't recommend this thing living outdoors for long periods , getting baked in the sun , etc. . That said , I have seen no damage to mine nor does it seem overly fragile . I have been gentle , being careful not to step on it or pull it against trees or bricks . My outside hose bibs are not particularly high-pressure -LRB- I would say they are average -RRB- , and I have no problem getting pressure all the way to the end of the hose with good consistent output throughout the line . I am using all 100 feet and left the clip on at the end . All the holes are on one side of the tubing so you can choose to mist your plants/trees or soak the ground depending on which way you lay the hose . I have had no issues with kinking or difficulty routing it.My only quibble is , given that this is a 100-foot hose and unlikely to have another hose attached to it , it would be nice if the first 6-8 feet of the hose were actually NOT perforated to be a soaker section . After all , what are the chances most users are going to want to water what is immediately below their faucets ? I end up watering my patio stringing this thing across the patio to the backyard . I think it is likely that adding another short conventional hose to extend across the patio and eliminate the problem would diminish pressure in the line and create more leak points , so to date , the patio gets watered along with the trees . Despite this quibble , I am really pleased with this product .
 Looked everywhere this summer for this type soaker , to replace my 10 year old soaker.Amazon was the only place I could find this type soaker . They take up less space to store in the winter and do a better job , than other soaker hose , -LRB- i 've tried them all -RRB- watering my flower bed in the summer .
 We bought two of these sprinkler hoses to water our garden . They are easy to roll out and place where you need them . Since our garden is about 20 ' x 60 ' , we needed something long to provide water all over the garden . Spray pattern is about five feet + on either side of the hose . Two parallel hoses cover our garden very well.Even when plants grow tall , these hoses have enough holes to provide spray to water the whole garden.However , when no water is flowing , the hoses become a very flat and flexible ribbon on the ground . If these hoses are not kept laying flat , wind can blow and twist them . I fabricated soft metal bailing wire into sharp-cornered `` U '' shaped stakes to hold the ribbon hose down in place during non-watering times . Works great for me .
 Sprinkler & Soaker Hose This is awesome ! It 's exactly what I wanted and it has worked great ever since I got it and still does . Arrived when it should have and was brand new .
 I 've used Andrews 2-tube sprinkler hoses on my lawn for fifteen years . They provide the perfect kind of gentle , deep watering that I prefer . They help me have a lush green lawn , even though its just ordinary bermuda grass , and even though I only water once every two weeks ! I let the hose sprinkle gently for about two hours on each area of my lawn , then shift it to another -- it does take a few minutes setting up and adjusting the water pressure to give just the coverage I want , but since I do n't have an inground sprinkler system , this works best for me . I store the hose on a cord reel -LRB- the kind made for 100 feet of heavy-duty extension cords -RRB- , so it 's a simple matter of reeling it out across the area I want to water , then reeling it up again when I 'm done -- keeps it neat and free of kinks ... plus , it keeps it out of the `` hands '' of the raccoons , who used to chew it to pieces before I came up with the idea of using the cord reel . Nowadays , my lawn looks better than my neighbor 's with their inground sprinklers and timer who water every day for 15 minutes -- no work for them , but their lawn is shallow-rooted , sparse , and pale compared to mine .
 This sprinkler hose is extremely easy to use and functions exactly as described . The only possible problem which I see is that the holes go all the way to the faucet connection . This may be problematic since water can seep into your home 's foundation . I purchased a 10 ft. extender hose to solve the problem .
 if you 're careful , this hose will do a great job.i 'm using this hose to water my oddly shaped lawn and it works very well . if you need to water around corners or narrow patches along driveways , this hose can do wonders.others have written about an inability to change the length of this very long hose . unfortunately , they just do n't know how to use the shortening mechanism built into the item . you simply slide the metal clip off of the end of the hose and adjust the red plastic cylinder to the measurement you need and then re-attach the clip . it 's a very easy adjustment that offers limitless length options.there are also complaints about the difficulty in knowing which side is up when you 're laying down the hose . this is definitely an issue . however , what you can do is use a permanent marker on the sprinkler side of the hose to mark the correct side . this way you can easily see which side is up or down.however , there is one big limitation i 've encountered . the manufacturing is not very sturdy . if you make the mistake of dragging the hose around something sharp or rough , you run the risk of ripping the rubber . especially if the hose is full of water at the time . if you step on the metal hose end with any force , you will bend the material.because of the hose 's poor construction , i could n't rate it a 5 .
 It certainly does the job intented , but boy does it get tangled up easily . I wind up getting wet everytime I move it around , because it flips over and gets twisted up . Once it is set up , I have 100 ft of wonderful sprinkler . I think if I buy a electric cord reel and wind the hose up on it ... my twisted problem will most likely be solved .
 Even water distribution 10 ` x100 ' makes this an excellent choice for efficiently watering long thin areas . -LRB- I have a 3/4 '' water hydrant and 3/4 '' hose , so I DO have a lot of water , with good pressure . -RRB- The spray is fine , so you need to run it when there is little wind if you are using it sprinkler side up . I was disappointed to discover that these sprinkler hoses can not be linked together . A flat device slides over the end , so it can be shortened -LRB- temporarily or permanently -RRB- if desired , but there is no way to screw it to an additional hose . Nor can you install a hose end for linking because of the 2-tube design . 100 ' is the longest that Andrews makes .
 I was a bit skeptical , but figured for $ 13 bucks , it was worth a shot . The instructions are clear and it 's not very complicated . 15 minutes later , the mower was able to slice a sheet of paper . We had a power drill that we were able to hook up rather than using the manual crank , but I 'm sure that works fine too .
 The reel sharpening kit does exactly what it says it will . What a surprise . After being given the wrong kit by Big Box stores I was pleased to have the right tools for the job . You would think those guys at the store would know which kit to recommend . I watched the U Tube video on how to prep the mower and use the kit . When it arrived I did exactly what they said and now my mower works extremely well . Do n't do the job on the lawn , if you drop an e clip you 'll never see it again . I used a drop cloth on the deck and was glad I did .
 Was skeptical how effective this tool would sharpen the blades but with a little elbow grease I got a nice sharp blade.You adjust blades so they make slight contact with mower ; it may be a bit tougher to crank wheel at start but after you rotate for a few minutes it becomes easier as blades become sharper .
 I received this and did n't use right away thinking I would wait until I had `` Time '' to use it ... silly me ! It took me all of 30 minutes from starting to read the instructions to using the mower . I really thought it was going to take a lot longer to use this sharpener . The instructions were well written for sharpening and adjusting the blade . Do n't make my mistake and wait until you have `` Time '' to use this !
 Flipped the gears and pushed it backwards for a bit and it was sharpened in no time . It was very easy .
 My reel mower is OLD , to say the least . At one time it was red ... but now it 's just a rusty color with a few specks of dingy red . I bought it at an estate sale for $ 20 . My yard took me about 45 minutes to mow with this mower -LRB- which did a fairly good job , considering its condition -RRB- . At times it would jam up on areas of thick grass . This thing was about as dull as dull could get . My mower 's and ACE brand and the mechanisms did not fit the hand crank that came in the kit . With that being said , I used another reviewers advice and simply switched the ratchet gears and then reassembled the wheels . I put on the goop and adjusted the height of my reel -LRB- for optimal abrasion -RRB- and then walked it backwards around the yard . For good measure , since my mower is so old and has n't been sharpened in maybe 20 years , I re-gooped it and readjusted the reel a second time and then walked it around for another 4 or 5 minutes . The first time I mowed with it after using this kit , I could n't believe the difference . It now cuts my grass like a hot knife through butter ! I must boast that I have the best looking yard on the block !
 I purchased the sharpening kit solely for the grinding compound to sharpen the blades on my mower . The crank served no purpose because I own a Troy-Bilt reel mower , but I knew that when I purchased the kit . My mower was supposed to come already properly adjusted and sharpened , which was not true . I used the grinding compound and after a little adjustment , my mower works great ! Purchasing this whole kit was cheaper than purchasing a stand-alone grinding compound .
 Just received American Lawn Mower SK-1 Reel Mower Sharpening Kit . Tried it out this morning before mowing . Amazing product . Works just like it says . The instructions are very clear and easy to follow . Our `` lawn '' is a weed patch that we just keep cut short . Purchased the American Lawn Mower 1414-16 last year . There are some pretty stiff kinds of weed too that it cuts pretty good . However after a years use , it was taking somewhat more push to get through the yard . After following the instructions , applying the jell compound to the blades and turning the blades in reverse for 5-7 minutes . I was very pleasantly surprised at how sweet it cut . Just like butter as the expression goes . Maybe I just do n't remember how well it cut when I first got the mower but I would almost say that it now cuts ever better . Very happy with the kit .
 After watching a video and reading a description of how to sharpen my reel mower , I was able to use this product with no problems ! I wish more products were this simple to use !
 This product is easy to use and works pretty well . While it will not get the blades as sharp as using a file or taking it to a professional , it will sharpen the blades pretty well . Overall , I think this kit is a good product and comes with very detailed instuctions that make it easy to use .
 I purchased the Reel Mower Sharpening Kit about two weeks ago and used it for the first time a few days ago . The instructions were good and the product worked very well . Sharpening your mower will take about half an hour the first time including clean-up time . The next time I use this , it will probably only take about 15 minutes .
 This sharpening kit is a definite necessity for reel mower users . The directions are easy to follow , and it makes sharpening the blades easy and convenient . I was brand new to reel mowers , and had never seen a anyone sharpen or use one before , but I had no problems with this kit at all . Using this kit , I have been getting a great cut .
 I just sharpened the blades on myScotts 2000-20 20-Inch Classic Push Reel Lawn Moweryesterday evening . What a difference ! It cuts like it 's brand-new again ! This sharpening kit will last me for about 5 years with the amount of compound provided . Highly recommend if you have a push reel mower .
 You are basically paying for the fancy sharpening gel , which seems to be a variant of lava soap -LRB- something granular suspended in a gel -RRB- . The crank is not really proportioned well , but I did n't use it . It is much much much easier to just stick a drill on the mower instead of this crank -LRB- @slow speed -RRB- , and you can save yourself a lot of agony . End result for my revitalization of an old mower was something that cut very very well . Though it took several adjustments and several applications of the sharpening compound , and many thousands of rotations .
 If you own a reel-type mower , you 're going to need to sharpen the blades at some point . This kit is very reasonably priced and very easy to use . The tools are n't super-high quality ; they 're about the same level of stamped tool that comes with a low-end motorcycle , but they get the job done just fine.The process is very simple , but it is somewhat time-consuming ; as a consolation to your time invested , it yields noticeably sharper blades .
 I had to give up using my Scotts classic reel mower last summer when I could no longer push it through my thick zoysia . I figured it needed sharpening but I did n't get around to it and just went back to using my old rotary . I considered just going to the auto parts store and buying the valve lapping compound that many have recommended , but not being terribly mechanically inclined and not having a manual for my reel mower which I bought used , I finally decided to just buy this kit from Amazon based on the many goood reviews.First , I tried cutting a piece of newspaper at different places along the reel . It would only cut it in the middle , so my mower was out of adjustment . I adjusted the screws according to the directions and it cut the paper cleanly all along the reel . I went ahead and sharpened the blades and following the directions everything went smoothly . It now has nice shiny cutting blades and operates smoother.The real test will be this summer . I am still not totally certain a manual reel mower can handle a vigorous Zenith zoysia lawn in the peak of the growing season but I am anxious to find out.Whether or not I am able to make it through the summer with my reel mower I feel like the sharpening kit did a good job and the instructions were clear . I would guess I could sharpen the blades 12-20 times with the amount of product included .
 This saved me a bunch of money on having my reel mower sharpened at a hardware store or golf course here in town . They wanted at least $ 75 , and I had to call a half-dozen places to even get that ! For $ 20 I got this kit which not only let me do it myself pretty easily -LRB- does take awhile , and the directions are moderately involved -RRB- but also gave me a tip on balancing the screws on my reel mower properly , which I found out they were n't . I loved the hint about tearing a thin strip of newspaper and dangling it in the blades on BOTH sides of the mower , to see if they slice it right up cleanly . If it does n't even come close , it may not be the blades that need sharpening , it may be that the blade itself needs to be adjusted closer to the cutting surface ! All in all a brilliant do-it-yourself product that I 'm glad I bought .
 Sure , you can probably find some grinding compound somewhere for cheaper but I kind of wanted the handle you use to turn the reel . This stuff worked great for me ! I bought a reel mower from someone for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , worked like crap until I sharpened the blades with this . I live in Pensacola , FL and the mower cuts my grass very well . I highly recommend anyone with a reel mower have this stuff available .
 This product and instructions were very easy to use . Though the turning handle did not fit my mower , I was able to come up with a method to turn the reel . The product worked great and is much easier than trying to find a shop that sharpens reel mowers .
 After adjusting the blades and sharpening them with this product my mower is cutting better than new .
 did what it was suppose to mdo really worked well on sharping the blades on out reel mower
 We bought this after having our reel mower for a year I think -LRB- mowing season is only half the year though -RRB- . We tried finding a kit in stores , but ended up ordering online as it was easier and much cheaper . It works good -LRB- husband will be sharpening our mower again before we start mowing again -RRB- .
 It is a little more technical than I like but still easy enough for a 66 year old women to getter done !
 This is easy to use and now grass gets cut ! Its also cost effective . - - - - - -
 I bought a used reel mower off of Craig 's list that needed some tunning . I tried the local lawn mower repair shops and none of them would touch it . They claimed `` you need special equipment . '' The special equipment is a screw driver , the paste that comes with this kit , and an electic drill . I followed the instructions as to removing the wheel but instead of the included crank , used my electric drill . In no time paste is flying everywhere and the blades were paper cutting sharp .
 Worked just as it says , sharpened my antique mower , it really cuts grass now . But found out you really need two people to sharpen one of these mowers , but the kit was exactly as described , and did exactly what it was supposed to do , and I am thrilled with it , and there is plenty product left to sharpen at least 3 maybe more times , its a great deal , but keep in mind you will need a little muscle and a helper .
 Changed my mower 's effeciency immediately , and much easier than everyone said sharpening one would be . Just took a few minutes of turning .
 Not much to say except that the sharpening kit is essentially flawless . Within 20 minutes -LRB- includes time for taking off and replacing the wheel -RRB- I was able to sharpen the blades to near-factory condition . Now I cut one swath instead of three or four . My cranking arm -LRB- read the directions -RRB- was a bit tired after 10 minutes , but I needed the exercise . Next time I 'll use the other one so I do n't look like Popeye.I recommend this without hesitation .
 Easy to use and very competively priced . The only drawback was keeping the crank on the pinon gear . It tended to slip off . Of course that could have been an opperator problem .
 This is a great product . The sharpening instructions where very easy to understand , and after I figured out that the hand crank could be replaced with a 1/2 inch chuck electric drill , I was able to sharpen my used , garage sale mower in about 5 minutes .
 It showed up fast . Did n't take long at all . It was packaged good and came in great condition . The sharpening kit performed great . I sharpened the mower in no time . The directions were easy and to the point . I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone who has a mower and wants to sharpen it the easy way instead of a file or taking it in and paying a lot of money to have it done .
 I did not believe that brushing the sharpening compound on the blades and turning the crank would make our antique mower work , but it did ! In fact it cut the strip of paper just like scissors . Impressive !!!
 Incredibly easy to use . I use it when I inadvertantly strike a stone which causes an annoying clicking noise . Keeps my mower whisper quiet ... one of the main reasons I bought a non-motorized mower . Every reel mower owner should have this kit .
 I have a Craftsman reel mower thats about 30 years old . It was n't used for 18 years and the blade needed sharpened . I came across this sharpening kit and even though its for American Lawn Mower brand reel mowers it worked fantastic for mine . The handle to spin the blade backwards did n't work like it would for American Lawn Mower brand ones , but with a little modification it worked great . The blade is now extremely sharp and shiny . Cuts the grass cleanly and smoothly . It will last you several sharpenings . For the few times you need to sharpen your blades , I would guess it will last me more than 5 years .
 I had no idea how bad my mowers really were , I thought I had gotten really old , really fast.A bit pricy , -LRB- DH said he can get the same stuff from the auto parts store for much less -RRB- but it sure made my mowers good as new!A must for all reel mowers.Whoever said to use the drill rather than the crank was one smart cookie ! I 'd been turning that crank for days!S
 I purchased the Reel Mower Sharpening Kit about two weeks ago and used it for the first time a few days ago . The instructions were good and the product worked very well . Sharpening your mower will take about half an hour the first time including clean-up time . The next time I use this , it will probably only take about 15 minutes .
 The kit is good and did the trick . I would have liked more complete instructions on how to disassemble the lawnmower wheel in order to fasten the cranking tool .
 I have n't had to use it yet , but I 'm glad to know it 's there when I 'll surely need to use it one day .
 My `` family Heirloom '' mower was definitely not of the modern type . The bar to hold it did n't fit to take my mower apart , but every other part of this kit worked perfectly to sharpen my ancient mower to perfection . It can now be used for many mows to come !
 This kit was easy to use . I had no problem getting the wheel off the mower . The instructions were very easy to follow . Cranking the mower backwards for 7 minutes was easy as well . The time went very quickly .
 I have a Craftsman Quiet Cut that I bought in 2009 . I had no problem using this product to sharpen my blades . I followed the directions exactly and with some adjustments this kit 's manual suggested , my blades are now good as new . There is plently of sharpening compound to last many sharpenings/years .
 I had been using my reel mower for over 5 years and never sharpened it . Although I feel proper maintenance such as keeping the blades clean , lubricated and properly adjusted will prolong blade life , you will eventually need to sharpen your mower 's blades . This little kit does the job as described and the instructions were easy to follow . Although I read another reviewer 's comment about reversing the drive mechanism and simply pushing the mower to sharpen , it really is not that hard to turn the crank while sitting at your work bench or with the mower propped up on a milk crate . I spent no more than 40 minutes to complete the job , including testing and blade adjustment after sharpening . I highly recommend this to any reel mower owners that have mechanical interests and a few simple tools such as a screwdriver . Remember that adjustment of the cutter bar is critical to both sharpening and cutting performance and a very small turn -LRB- as little as 5 minutes on a clock face -RRB- of the adjusting screws is all it takes .
 Big fan of the the reel sharpener . Once you get the hang of it , it works quickly . This link is very helpful for guiding you through the first time . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Worked better than expectations . Simple to use . Minimal dissasembly of mower , Has enough material to do many sharpenings .
 I was n't too sure about this product before I ordered it . It seemed goofy to paint my blades to sharpen them but lo and behold it worked . My mower works a ton better now and makes for a very good cut . I was also unsure of whether this kit would work for my Sears Reel Mower -LRB- would the handle fit and the blade adjusting instructions work ? -RRB- and it did . However , since the kit did n't jump out of the box and sharpen the mower for me , I can only give it 4 stars .
 This is a simple low teck product that does exactly what it is supposed to do . It sharpens the blades on a reel type mower . My mower 's blades were not in horrible condition and I can not comment on how this product would perform on severly damaged blades . I was satisfied with the product , the instructions and the price .
 SUPER Fast shipping ... product is in GREAT condition and of excellent quality . My husband loves it .
 I bought an old time hand push mower about 3 years ago . Though I have definitely found it to be inferior to a power mower in its ability to pass over many a tall blade of grass or weed , its superiority in its ease of use and dependability has sold me on them for life . I would never use a power mower again . -LRB- Not with my size lawn anyway -RRB- . The rotary blades on the hand mower do not sharpen , nor do they cut the same way as the single blade design of a power mower . While power mowers can be easily sharpened at an angle with just a file if necessary , the rotary blades of the hand mower are sharpened flat across the face of the blade . Something very difficult to do by hand even if you had the mower completely disassembled . This very simple three piece system consists of a brush , a crank handle , and a small container of grinding compound . The instructions that come with the kit are pretty simple without a lot of detail , but describe it well enough for you to get the job done . Personally , I found the hardest part of the whole job at the very beginning . Removing the small `` C '' clamp that holds the wheel on . Though the instructions simply stated that one should pry off the C ring by merely `` sticking a regular slotted screw driver into the opening '' of it , for me there was nothing at all `` merely '' about it . No amount of prying , twisting , pushing or swearing allowed me to get a grip on the C clamp with just a screwdriver , or even two of them . All I ended up doing for 15 minutes was chase it around the axle . I finally got it off by concluding that I would sacrifice it by ruining it with needle nose pliers , and then putting on a new one . -LRB- As it turned out , I easily reshaped the original clamp and reinstalled it -RRB- . After removing the clamp the wheel slips right off and you have to remove the gear wheel that assures the forward action of the blades when it motion . It is not attached in any way and just lifts off . But one word of warning here . Neither the directions or any other reviewer at the time of this writing mentions that the gear wheel directs its forward motion by the wheel slipping over a little `` key '' or steel sliver that slides into a slot on the gear shaft . The key is loose after removal of the gear wheel and can easily fall out and be lost while moving the mower around during the sharpening process . Make sure you either keep an eye on it in the shaft , or remove it to a safe place . The actual sharpening process is quite easy , just time consuming . You spread the compound onto the blades with the little brush supplied and then turn the mower back wards with the crank provided . You will get tired , but you can rest and restart . Give it a good ten minutes . The more you crank the better the sharpening job . Oh and the crank does not slip over the entire shaft , it is snug and has to be wiggled on . You may want to tap it with a light hammer or screwdriver so you do n't have to keep stopping and pushing it back on during the spinning process . When you 're done , the reassembly is very easy , -LRB- do n't forget the little key if you removed it -RRB- , and after cleaning up the excess compound , your mower will cut like its a brand new model . It really did make quite a difference for me and I highly recommend this simple kit that will perform the job easily . Push mower blades stay sharp a lot longer than power blades so a sharpening job every other season , or even every three should be enough . Under that schedule , this kit should last you through many years of your mowers use . Highly recommended ...
 The American Lawn Mower Company SK-1 Reel Mower Sharpening Kit enabled me to sharpen our reel mower like it has never been sharpened before-exceptionally well!The kit comes in a sturdy cardboard box and consists of a very good instruction booklet , a crank , a small container of about 80 grit sharpening compound , and an applicator brush.The sharpening compound is coarse enough to make the job speedy , but still makes the blades cut well . The brush is a very low quality brush , but is certainly up to the job.The crank will perform the task of turning the mower if you are wearing gloves . Because there is no revolving handle on the crank , it will quickly produce blisters on your hand . The use of gloves , a rag , or something between your hand and the crank is a necessity . The crank was a fairly loose fit over the mower shaft and slipped off many times during the job . It could easily be improved.Overall . this kit is the best way to sharpen this brand of mower and it does a great job . I think it is overpriced , but is much cheaper than having the mower sharpened .
 The sharpening compound works well . I did not want to use the crank or put the gears on backwards -LRB- a good suggestion by another individual , but takes a few minutes -RRB- . I saw another suggestion to use a deep socket wrench on a drill , but did not have a deep socket the right size . Then I tried my 1/2 '' Dewalt drill and the keyless chuck opened just wide enough to take the spindle . I ran it backwards to crank the reel for 5 minutes with the sharpening compound on the blades and it worked like a charm .
 I found a Sears reel mower that someone was throwing out . Not very used but very neglected and probably misused . The blades were very rusty and dented . But for the price of the mower , -LRB- free -RRB- I figured it was worth investing in this sharpening kit . It took several `` sharpenings '' but it did bring the blades back to usable shape . I would recommend using a drill instead of the supplied crank as it does work faster and easier but once you only need to do it as a maintenance sharpening , a couple of minutes with the crank does it . You really need very little of the paste to get the job done so the can should last a long time .
 The house I rent had a reel mower that I began using , but it was rather dull and not cutting effectively . I could n't find any local lawnmower place that would sharpen blades on the reel mower , and I was considering just buying a new one . Thought I 'd try this kit first because it 's rather inexpensive . Followed the directions , and now the mower cuts much better !
 After calling and driving around much of the city in a futile search for someone who would sharpen my reel mower , I ordered the kit . It worked great . My mower had sat in a damp basement for four years , so it was dull and rusty . In about an hour it was shiny , sharp and adjusted to cut efficiently . My lawn looks great .
 I love my reel mower and this sharpening kit really keeps the blades sharp ! Easy to use . Awesome , must have !
 The tool works well on the newer reel mowers . It is , however , too small -LRB- diameterwise -RRB- for my older Scotts reel mowers -LRB- model 5m2 -RRB- .
 This product is the standard kit for sharpening push reel lawnmowers manufactured by the American Lawn Mower company -LRB- a.k.a. Great States mowers -RRB- . It does the job of sharpening the blades as expected . With this kit , I sharpen the five blades on the mower in about ten minutes.David Haas
 bought kit at same time as greenworks mower ; works like a charm . I sharpen every 2 weeks bc it 's so humid/wet here , plus it makes cutting so easy.word to the wise though
 Easy to use , good instructions . Amazon reviews were also helpful . I found that instead of just turning the crank for 7-10 minutes that reapplying the `` goop '' and turning the crank again helped
 I was finding our reel mower much harder to push through the grass than last year . I adjusted the blade distance , lubricated everything I could think to lubricate and it did n't help . Then I got this sharpening kit and it was pretty easy to use -LRB- you do have to be slightly handy to do it -RRB- and it has made all the difference . Well worth it !
 Simple tool , simple to operate and the grass gets cut !! This is easy to set up and sharpening is a snap , before longI was cutting newspaper without fail . The grass was alsocutting easier ... what a nice looking new lawn I have.I hate to admit it but I can hardly wait to sharpen again ... next year !
 I was skeptical about using this product although most reviews are pretty good . When it arrived in the mail I immediately tried it out and it was so much easier to cut the grass . The instructions are very easy and clear and once you sharpen your lawn mower blades it will be even easier to do in the future since you wo n't have to go step by step in the manual .
 As described . Great booklet with great instructions . Did the job and would def recommend product . Perfect !
 Easy to use sharpening kit . Works on my Scott 's 20 '' mower . Restores edge to like-new condition .
 this product was soooo easy to use , it 's almost ridiculous !!! i takes a bit of elbow grease , but well worth it . the price was way below any other web site i 'd visited , too .
 This product is great - works better than I expected . Makes sharpening my reel mower blades simple .
 Reel lawnmower sharpening kit . Found product to be what I needed and will continue to serve purpose for some time .
 If you have a reel mower , you need to sharpen the blades every couple of years , depending on how much you use it -LRB- just like with a power mower -RRB- . If you used to have a power mower , you might be tempted to try to find someone to do it for you . Although I heard of someone in my area who * might * be able to do it , I decided to try this kit first.The directions are straight-forward and clearly described in the manual . In short
 The description of this product really should include a paragraph about how it actually works because the picture gives you absolutely no indication of what it does . The crank lets you turn the blades backwards and the `` sharpening compound '' which you `` paint '' on to the cutting edges of the blades turns the mower frame into a grinding stone . It really works well . But wait , there 's more ... The instructions are excellent and they also tell you how to adjust the blades . Sending the mower out to a professional -LRB- if you can find one who works on reel mowers -RRB- will cost you about 75 % of what you 'll pay for a new machine . This kit is worth it.A lot of the negative reviews about the reel mowers here on Amazon.com probably come from people who have n't adjusted their machines correctly . My mower is working better than ever after making just a few simple adjustments .
 There is n't much to say about this product . It sharpens , and works well on my American lawn mower . However , the directions are flawed . If you READ THE MOWER MANUAL -LRB- not the manual in the sharpening kit -RRB- , it will tell you to do the following :1 . Remove BOTH wheels2 . Remove and switch ratchet gears from L to R and vice versa3 . Flip over pawls4 . Apply Compound5 . PUSH MOWER BACKWARDS !!!!! -LRB- for about 5 minutes , or until sharpening goo changes color . Mine turns grey -RRB- The instructions in the sharpening kit tell you to use the stupid crank , which takes forever . If you just push the mower backwards , the blades get sharpened in about 5 minutes . Then you just switch the ratchet gears back and re-flip-over the pawls -LRB- and put the wheels back on -RRB- . My only complaint is that they did n't SAY that . However , I give it 5 stars anyway , because if you use it how you SHOULD , it is very easy , and makes the cutting quality much better .
 This kit works great , but if you want to speed the process use a drill with a 1/2 '' chuck . Just tighten the chuck over the wheel axle that the crank goes on , and run it at a medium speed . This makes it a quick and easy job to get razor sharp blades .
 My mower needed sharpening but the cost was prohibitive , I was told about $ 60 . That was more than half the cost of the mower itself . I finally found this kit and after reading some reviews ordered it . The instructions were good -LRB- they include a section on adjusting the blades -RRB- and the whole thing took less than 15 minutes . Now it 's like I have a new mower , one pass and that 's all it takes .
 This kit is essentially what anyone can do on their own but it is conveniently packaged . The goop everyone is referring to is essentially the same as automotive valve grinding compound -LRB- which you can get at most auto parts stores -RRB- . I like the idea of using a power drill to turn the reel while it sharpens - so here 's an alternative for anyone who feels like taking a DIY approach :1 . Prop up the lawn mower so you can turn the reel by twirling the wheels .2 . Check the blades for nicks and burrs . If you find any , remove them with a file -LRB- hold file flat against blade and push away from spindle -RRB- . I use a sharpening stone that fits my power drill but that 's b/c I 'm lazy .3 . Check your bar alignment , it 'll be obvious if it 's off - it will hit the guide bar . If alignment is off , you need to fix the alignment with the screws at the end of the bar but hopefully it 's fine -LRB- if it turns with that cool whispy sound , then you 're fine -RRB- .4 . Spread a thin & even coat of auto valve-grinding compound .5 . Take off a wheel and affix your power drill so that the blade turns and the grinding compound squeezes between the blades and the cutting bar . Go a few dozen times .6 . I reapply the grinding compound and do it again .7 . Check out the blades , which should be sharper then rinse the valve compound off the blades.This is EASY and quick . I really like how the kit makes it a no brainer exercise and if you 're going to use a reel mower , use one with sharp blades .
 If you have a reel mower , you need this ... ` nuf said ... but I 'll go on anyways.This is a simple enough thing to use . If you have a reel mower and have been frustrated with it because it will not give a good cut , buy this , take an hour and adjust your cutting blade and lap your tines using this kit.Google ` reel mower sharpening ' the first link should be a . info link to a site that will show you how to use this kit properly , plus they have link to adjusting the cutting edge.Nothing beats a well-tuned reeler for a perfect cut ! -LRB- not to mention some excercise . ; -RRB-
 Reel Sharpener Kit - $ 17.94 Shipping and Handling - 5.95 Instruction Book - PricelessI bought a reel mower on Craig 's list . I did n't have the brand that the kit goes with , but it worked well just the same . All along I thought the blades were dull . Well , they probably were , and the sharpening kit probably worked , but what was really good about the product was the instruction book . It told me how to adjust the mower blade , which I did and now it works like a charm ! I do n't have to go back and forth 20 times to cut a blade of grass . Now if I can only find a grass-catcher bag to put on the back ...
 This product is the right sharpening kit for American , Great States , and other push reel mowers . Make sure to go to a manufacturer 's website to make sure it is the right one for you .
 Have not used this kit yet but it comes with everything needed to sharpen the reel mower blades with and with the instructions and other reviews written it seems simple enough to use . I would not have purchased this if it would not have been for the reviews on it telling you how it works , because the picture shown makes you wonder now how is this going to work . Will try it out when it is time to sharpen the blades and find out how well it works . Received item on time and in good condition .
 It arrived fast and looks good , but have not used it yet . Did n't need it yet .
 We would have like to have this item pop up as a possible item of interest at the time we purchased the mower so we could but and shio together !
 This is a recent purchase , but I had used it in the past and was delighted with what an excellent job it did . My mower has been caught up in the system-the seller neither shipped it nor responded to my enquirers . Amazon closed the order now and will arrange credit toward another purchase . Under Order status , they indicated that I shoud have received within the projected time frME
 The flag is wonderful and bright . It truly adds to conversations here in our new home in NJ .
 Bought this after reading other favorable reviews . I use it in my large barn/hanger/workshop on our farm in Montana where we have more flies than mosquitos . It really works well when a chemical fly attractant is used . I apply the liquid pherenome on a small foam paint brush and insert it in one of the spaces at the base .
 We live next to a marsh in the Northwest suburbs of Chicago . There is a real fear here of West Nile virus and the mosquitos are so thick in our yard we stopped letting our 3 young children play outside past dusk . I bought a Mosquito Magnet 3 years ago never really worked and died after 18 months - probably cost $ 2 per mosquito killed.I got the 11/2 acre Flowtron BK 80D 2 days ago and have been in awe of this machine since plugging it in . At dusk a CLOUD of mosquitos appears around the zapper and then it is pure entertainment watching this thing going postal on all my bugs . There was a 1/4 inch thick ring of dead mosquitos in a 2 foot circle on the deck below the zapper after 2 days . It must be killing > 750 a night . What everyone says about the grids clogging up with bugs is true - I do n't think its a design flaw , I just thinks it works that well ! I recommend this to everyone .
 Wow !!!! This product kills literally thousands of bugs each evening . It is entertaining to watch . The zapping is nonstop . The birds feast on the fried bugs the next morning . The light draws the bugs away from our patio . Great Product .
 I have this product plugged in a simple electronic timer outlet which allows you to set the automatic turn on and turn off times . It comes on about 4pm and goes off about 5am automatically . Last year i could not go outside without bug spray or i was painfully swarmed and bitten frightfully . Even with bug spray , i still ran inside to rubbing alcohol with numerous painful bites . Using this product this year , i can go outside with skin uncovered and experience minimal biting ... almost none at all.It really makes a BIG difference !
 Length :
 I am glad I ca n't fit through the screen or I would be dead . This thing is mesmerizing . Seriously I see why bugs fly right into it , its so pretty , and I am glad they do . Now when we open our door to go outside at night or let the dogs out , we do not have the issue of tons of bugs getting in . Just blow it out the next day with our air compressor and we are good to go . Seriously I love it . Some nights when there is nothing better to do I take a beer and go and set on the porch with my guitar and sing songs about the bugs dying in a blue vibrant blaze of electricity .
 Was very surprised to see this attracting and killing large numbers of south Texas mosquitos . I figured without the bait it would be of little use in that area . With the bait I did some counts -LRB- kill rate over 10 minutes -RRB- and estimate I am killing 10-12 ,000 mosquitos a night . This does not include all the moths and other pests that are being zapped . There is a carpet of mosquito corpses under the unit every morning . I live near a swamp so I will never be able to eradicate them but I can now enjoy the pool which was impossible at dusk previously . I am very happy with this purchase .
 Jeff Foxworthy has made reference to people like me
 I bought one of these after reading almost ALL of the reviews here on Amazon and a few other sites which all had disputed input and facts . One expert says one thing and someone else says the opposite so here is my non-professional experience with details.I have mine hanging about 7.5 feet off the ground on the edge on my back porch , about 15 to 18 feet away from the back door where it is covered from `` direct '' rain and half of direct sun . It was simple putting up but the little thing to add to the bottom did not work so I ended up just taping it up there . During the day , I got no zaps , once dusk hit , I got a few zaps and once night hit about the 3rd night , there was a zap fest !! Again , I am no bug or environment expert , but I live in Memphis TN and the Flowtron was killing `` everything '' that touched it . The mosquito 's were dropping by the hundreds , literally . I can verify this because the next morning there was a 3 x 3 foot pile of insects with 90 % mosquito 's dead on the ground with frogs dining on them.If the Flowtron works for one person and not work for the next , it may be the area , the humidity , the yard , the region , etc. . . Yes , the bugs do cause the little gaps to become clogged so blow it off with a blower . Yes , it is a little loud but nothing that will not stop anyone from sleeping unless you have it right by your window which is a bad idea in the first place . Not sure about the little thing on the bottom whether if it made a difference . I have had this for one summer so we shall see what happens next year versus stability.Hope this helps !
 All we have it seems in these parts of Oregon is a product called The Stinger . It should be callled that because you get stung when you buy it ! But this Flowtron is SO much better ! Two days after we got here , we had no more bugs in our house . I love it and would love it if we could get this product here in Oregon !
 The Flowtron BK-15D is amazing ! As soon as I plugged it in , flying insects were immediately attracted to the light - I did n't even use the mosquitoe attractant that was included . This device is so effective , my neighbors benefitted from it , too ! The gross part was seeing the insects fly and zap into the light . Where I live , there were so many mosquitoes this year , it was a personal fireworks show every night - of which the sound made my dog run and hide . This is the BEST insect zapper I 've ever purchased . I was not disappointed !
 I like pt position a piece of sweaty clothing near the device , like socks or a shirt , to enhance its attractiveness for mosquitos . Other items I plan to try near the device
 Since my central air conditioner broke , we had to install window units and this led to bugs coming in the house . Especially at night time . After days of being too scared to sleep during the night , I decided that I had to do SOMETHING . I had tried turning an outside light on so the bugs would be attracted to that instead of the light in my room . That gave me the idea to find an electric bug killer . So I did my research and found that this was a good price and it had high reviews so I ordered it and was so excited when it came in the mail . I 've been completely satisfied with it . It attracts bugs and mosquitoes so well . I 've noticed that the bugs are n't swarming around the street light anymore since they 're more attracted to the light from the Flowtron . I have n't had one mosquito bite since I installed it and there are no more bugs crawling around my room or in my house at night . Whether it is the light that attracts the mosquitoes , or it 's the unit itself , the point is that it really does kill mosquitoes . The Flowtron even comes with a scented cartridge to insert under the lightbulb , but I have n't had to use it . Actually , I lost it :D ... It does make a sound when it kills a bug , but it 's music to my ears and it makes me happy to know that there is one less bug that will try to crawl all over me . It 's been raining a lot here so ants had taken up residence in my house . Well since I 've had the Flowtron , the ants have left my house to eat the dead bugs that have fallen . The bugs will eventually clog the unit , but you do n't need to clean it every day . I need to clean it every 3 or 4 days . I am completely happy with this product and I think every family that lives in a rural area should own one . That 's why I 'm giving them away as christmas presents . : D
 I at first was going to purchase a mosquito vacuum , but after doing research on those i.e. 1 . They do work , 2 . They 're expensive 3 . They break after one or two seasons , and 4 . They are needing refills of propane every couple of weeks . So I read the reviews of the oldie but goodie , bug Zapper . The flowtron seemed to get the best overall reviews , and I went with the recommodation that the 11/2 acre one would best suit my needs . I hung it on one of those garden hook things about 25 ' from the fire pit in the back yard , and then set it up with a timer . It comes on at dusk and shuts off at dawn . First couple of nights it only zapped moths and mothlike flyers , and then finally the octonol bait kicked in . When I went out to look at it after the 3rd night the bulb was literally caked and coated with mosquitoes . . looked like a dark felt cloth around it . . facinating in a gross sort of way . Did buy an air spray canister to blow out the carcasses . Next few nights there were n't so many , then it was caked up again . I 'm thinking that a new bunch of hatchlings were nailed . It may take a couple more weeks before there is a true overall decline in the population of mosquitos around my property , and I do n't expect them to totally go , as I live very close to a lake , but it DOES kill mosquitos . The instructions said that you have to replace the lure once a month . I 'll do that and see how it goes from there .
 I purchased the Flowtron BK-80D about a month ago . We have a little less than 3/4 of an acre of property that used to be a swamp , so you can imagine the amount of insects around our home . I put it on a light sensor so it turns on automatically when it gets dark . This thing gets really busy ! I do n't think it goes more than 10 seconds without killing something . I do n't have the octonol in yet because I want to see how well it will do without it , but I definitely see a decrease in the amount of annoying insects around my house . It used to be so bad that we could n't put our trash out at night without being attacked . Now we can . I 'm debating on whether or not I should wait and see if it eventually becomes less effective to start using the octonol or if I should just put it in now to see if it increases the effectiveness even more . Right now I 'm leaning toward putting it in about a week before having our next party in the backyard .
 I had the Flowtron 40 watt zapper years ago when we had an above ground pool . When the pool was removed , and the element on the zapper burned out , it was not replaced . Fast forward and mosquito infestation , it was impossible to go out , even in the daylight , without getting swarmed . Unable to use the back deck , I started researching the web for the best affordable solution . I was supprised after these years that Flowtron was still ahead of the pack . After installing the 80 watt , my neighbor comes over to check it out . It seems he has the 40watt Flowtron in his garage he bought years ago and never used . After a little encouragement , his was installed . Now 3 weeks later , we can both enjoy our yards in the evening without the insect lights and spray . Thanks Flowtron for a great product and thanks to Amazon for their super pricing.As an added thought , do not expect overnight miracles . The current insects eggs have to hatch . After a week you will notice a reduction , after a couple more weeks you will forget you had a problem .
 I 'm cleaning a pile of dead bugs from under it every day . It has killed enough mosquitoes to fill a mason jar . While it 's a little worrying that the local mosquito population is this large , I am very happy with the Flowtron . A can of compressed air works well for cleaning it out .
 The title says it all . Nice pile of dead bugs on the deck to sweep away !
 This bug zapper works great . I have two dogs that were plagued by Biting flies . This zapper was the cure . I found it to be a much cleaner solution than the alternatives . The bug bags were too smelly and the chemical strips do n't work very well . This is the right solution for flying pest problems . I only Gave it 4 stars because it needs electricity . So buy yourself one of those light bulb type , power adapters and youre all set .
 This worked better than expected especially with the mosquito scent lure . Works so good that I have to clean the grids almost every other day to remove the poor unfortunate ex - beings . Besides , there is something about hearing the snap , crackle and pop that brings back memories ...
 I bought this for our shop/office . We have a bad problem with flies , every morning coming in and finding hundreds of flies on the floor . I found it works best in the warm office vs the cold shop . I have the shades down on that end of the office so they are attracted to the light not the windows . Everytime I hear the zap it makes me smile !!
 It works as described . Item killed all the gnats in the house in no time . You can hear the buzzing sound of electricity , but it is worth not having gnats in the house now .
 We have had the 80-watt unit for exactly a year now , and are still enthusiastic about our purchase . It has killed more moths and mosquitoes for us than we count . We also had European hornets move in last year , and we could n't find the nest to call pest control . First we got the smaller 40-watt Stinger , but it was only stunning the Europeans and we 'd go out the next morning and watch them revive themselves from the ground and fly away . Then we got serious and set the Flowtron up in the flight path to our lilac tree , and we were killing 20-30 a night . Unfortunately , we must have bionic hornets because even the Flowtron was only killing about half and just stunning the rest . What works the best for us is to have a tub full of water and Dawn dish liquid underneath it so when the stunned ones drop , they then drown . It must be Dawn dish liquid in the watery grave , though , because other brands do n't work . There is something about the de-greasing capabilities of Dawn dish liquid that breaks down their waxy protective coating on their bodies and wings and gets into their respiratory system so even if they do n't drown they still die.This year we are having trouble again , so we set up the Flowtron again with our Dawn water bucket underneath and have resumed enjoying our patio at night . After being terrorized by these buggers for two Indian summers now , the carnage is pure pleasure . It 's a safer solution for us than spraying Delta Dust or Drione dust because we have a toddler that also likes to play outside.If you are having a European hornet problem , I highly recommend this product .
 I moved to Maine recently , and had no idea how buggy it could be . This thing has made a huge impact in the bug and mosquito population around my house . They have to be down 90 % . I have it hanging from a shepards hook in the middle of my lawn , and birds feed on the bodies in the morning . However , this thing is not rainproof . About once a month it pops the circuit , which is easy to reset .
 Bought this for my husband for his B-day . He loves to hear the bugs being zapped ! You do n't have that with the Stinger models . This one was loved so much ... My kids bought him the 1 acre Flowtron for Father 's Day and I came back and bought the 1/2 acre for him for our anniversary !! The 11/2 acre is in the back of our yard where we have a fire pit , the 1 acre is behind the house near the patio and the 1/2 acre one hangs inside the garage for when he is doing his woodworking and mechanics work . Our lot is not even a 1/2 acre so I think we are taking care of the bugs for the neighbors also ! My daughter saw/heard how well it worked and bought one for her husband for Fathers Day also . Flowtron is the best ! and Amazon had the best prices !
 This thing rocks ! Just plug it into a timer and let it run from dusk until dawn and you can fall asleep to the wonderful sounds of bugs sizzling !
 Got this to hang in my kitchen for flies and gnats all summer . Seems to work and looks good except ... The short fat cord makes it hang crooked . I fixed it by zip tying a longer extension cord around two corners of the unit and swagging the cord like a lamp . Not perfect but acceptable and hangs straight now . It does buzz and hum . Not terribly loud , but noticeable . And finally , does n't seem to attract those big black houseflies . Maybe ill try a regular fluorescent bulb instead of the blacklight bulb it came with . Overall , a good unit and I 'd recommend it , but for said minor annoyances .
 This is the brand we like best . Have used another brand before , the other brand does not last a full season . Have not installed the Flowtron yet this year . If it is like the other Flowtrons we have used it will last 2 or 3 years . When installed in the right place it does a good job of getting rid of a lot of mosquitoes . We live in an area that has a heavy concentration of mosquitoes , and it thins them out quite nicely . Our order arrived quickly and in very good condition .
 This buglite does attract and kill mosquitos . It has the signature zap sound which lets me know its working . Its not going to rid the yard of em , but it is a fun man toy and really sets the mood all summer long .
 I 've had this Flowtron bugzapper lamp for a few months now , and I do notice less mosquitos near where I put it . But do n't expect it to zap every bug in the area quickly . Mosquitos do wander around randomly , and I 've seen lots which flew by the lamp as if it 's not even there . I guess that 's why Flowtron recommends adding a scented bait to more strongly attract the mosquitos to the lamp .
 Although it did not do 100 % of the mosquitos it did reduce the population significantly and really helped on the moth problem we have-I would recommend this product
 Its a great zapper . Do n't by a cheap one first like I did . It kills everything Mosquitoes , Nat 's , Moth 's and other small flying pests without pluging up .
 This a powerful machine . It kills lots of bugs . The grid does not get clogged up with dead bugs . It is very bright at night and should not be located near a sleeping area .
 We had this bug zapper before , but when it was old and ready to retire , we bought another brand . It was not good , so we went back to our old zapper and we will never buy another brand .
 This unit has been working great . We use it in our backyard as we 're surrounded by woods . The only issue I have with this unit is sometimes the bugs have a hard time getting inside so they hang around and wait their friends . Overall , a great unit to help deter the mosquitoes away from us .
 Overall , I wish I had another one for the other side of the house . The first night I put it out without any attractant or anything , and it was absolutely full of mosquitoes the next day . I blew on them and they fell out . You could call that easy to clean ... but usually I do n't have to , the wind takes care of it for me . I have it set up on a timer out back , so I never have to fiddle with it , and it continues to zap everything in sight . The only constructive comment I have for the makers is that the mosquito attractant cartridge kept falling out , but that could have been user error ... I was trying not to touch it when I put it in , and it 's really not needed around here anyhow . So overall ... this thing is great !
 I had a Stinger for two years and the grid burned out -LRB- oxidized , whatever -RRB- and I was about to buy another until I read the reviews on them . The grid on the Flowtron appears to be made of stainless steel -LRB- not sure though -RRB- and does not clog like the Stinger does . Bugs hit the grid and fall to the ground , you should never have to rinse this thing out . The stinger I had to rinse out EVERY DAY ! I 'm very happy thus far -LRB- Three days -RRB- I 'll update later to reassess .
 I read reviews of other people and that 's what I based my purchase on . And there all correct . This is the best bug zapper on the market today ! I highly reccommend it to anyone looking for a Bug-free back yard !!!!!!!!!
 This product works very well . It gets so many moths and mesquitos that it is necessary to tap every day to make room for more the next evening . WONDERFUL !!
 It is big , bright , and works . did n't give it five since it did n't really wow me , but is is working and has made a nice difference around the house .
 I have 5 acres in the country and a fairly large yard and this light really thins out the bugs . I had a 1/2 acre light before and I had to clean it daily . This light is almost self cleaning . I have had this light for over a month and have only had to clean it once . Great bargain !
 I used this product one day when the transformer failed . No zap . It had a moth stuck on it for 24 hours and it was still alive ! The box included a flier that said to call the manufacturer first if something was wrong and they would take care of it faster and cheaper than the retailer . I talked to them -LRB- took several tries to get through -RRB- but nothing they suggested would be as efficient as dealing with Amazon directly . I had a replacement from Amazon in less than 36 hours from the time I requested it on-line ! I have had the repacement for approximately one week and so far it is working fine . It does seem to kill a significant percentage of mosquitoes even without using the chemical . Previous bug zappers I have had killed everything but mosquitos . We do have a significant mosquito issue late in the afternoon which this does not help with . Right after dusk it goes into action .
 What can i say but this thing drops bugs and Flies like a charm.Not to loud and it gets the job done have hundreds drop with this gadget.Not to bright easy to use just plug it in and watch it work.Parents used one growing up as a kid and i remember it being very loud then.But things have changed not a big problem anymore.Go get one and be bug free in no time.Thank you
 So far so good ... Bought this based on reviews ... Previously owned a stinger which I had to replace yearly - Time will tell how long this will last ... definitely keeps bug population down as I have to clean the debris around it weekly . - I give it four stars now and would increase it to five stars if it lasts more than one season - AMAZON ROCKS !!! - I can always find what I am looking for on Amazon ...
 This bug zapper works well . Only problem is that it is too bright for my small yard . Lights it up like a full moon with a gray purplish hue.But it does zap the bugs . I see plenty of mosquitoes are killed and moths and a few yellow jackets . Lots of spiders are taking up residence in and on the zapper and they catch bugs too . Unfortunately good bugs are attracted and killed as well.One other point , the zapping is rather loud . On smaller bugs it 's just a quick PZZT ! On large bugs , say a good sized moth , the zapping can go on for a few seconds -LRB- PZZT PZZZZZZZZZT ZZZZAAP -RRB- with a bit of fire then a puff of smoke . Ouch ! Somewhat entertaining , but I wish there was a way to dim this light a bit.The cord is very short at about a foot . So buy a longer black or green -LRB- whatever matches your decor -RRB- outdoor rated extension cord . I was also surprised you could n't hang it under the eaves of the house ... fire ?? It does not seem to get hot so maybe they are afraid of flaming moths ??
 i am very satisfied with this product . it definitely attracts and kills bugs . it was zapping so steadily that i had to go out and look thinking a large moth was frying , but there was a cloud of bugs around it and they steadily were flying in to there death . a bit pricey though !
 We just bought a place in Florida and were pestered by the mosquitos . No problem with this Flowtron from Amazon . It was shipped promptly and arrived a day before schedule . I put it up for just two days and it was crammed with the night air and what flies there . I am impressed that this light , without the insense sent with it , was so effective . I would advise starting with the 1/2 acre size unless you really have a large place that needs controlled . Otherwise , you are wasting energy and money ... it is surprizingly effective . .
 These are nice to have . I wanted it for indoor use but the indoor ones really do n't do the job . The difference in the indoor units and the out door units is that the zapped bugs will fall on the floor instead of collecting in a pan . Also be sure not to keep it in the kitchen as some bug do explode and scatter germs within 5 feet radius . I keep mine in a large entertainment area and use it only when its just the two of us around . Do not keep it indoors if you have small children or in any area where you can not be at least 10 feet away.The mosquito attraction packs are nice to have but I have seen biting flies and mosquito dead without its use . So thats up to you if you want to spend the extra dough to get those packs.I could not research any other reason for not using these units indoors.Hope that helps .
 We have 3 acres with a creek and woods - summer time is hard for me because when i go outside it is like ringing the dinner bell for any mosquito in the state!After putting this about 10 yards away from the back deck and plugging it in , it has been wonderful !! I can even walk around and not be bothered !!
 Great bug zapper it kills mosquito 's and all flying insects that are pests in the night . So long to getting bite all over
 It does what it promise to do . Only concern is that I have to find replacement lures for the lamp .
 this is cool , meet my expectations , it does kinda noisy when it catches but u know it 's doing its job , thanks !
 good price , and the product works to me so far . I give 4 star and recommend people buy it . ... ... ... ... .
 This is a good value and easy to install . -LRB- just put on mosquito strip and hang it up ! -RRB- I did still get a mosquito bite when it was up . Just a couple , before use of the light , it would have been many bites . I am glad I purchased it . I found if I use some other skin protectant and the light , I am not bitten at all . Prior to this , the skin protectant was not good enough and I would get many bites . Provides an attractive light outside and you do n't need other lights on . It is well worth the money even if just used one season . My dogs are also entertained by the bug zapping!We like to sit outside at night in the swing and it adds light and protection from all flying bugs . Now I can sit outside again ! I have missed 2 summers avoiding the outdoors at night because I was bitten by mosquitos . Great purchase for me and my family .
 This is my second flowtron bk-80d the first one still works after 12 years bought the second because we have 12 acres and could use the second location
 I moved to the Jersey shore -LRB- the bayshore by Sandy Hook -RRB- and have been frustrated - denied the use of my back deck in the evening due to nasty NJ mosquitos . I went for it and installed the 80 watt Flowtron about 20 feet from my deck on a tree eight feet above the ground . We now enjoy our evenings bug-free ; the Flowtron is so entertaining I 'm thinking of canceling the cable TV ... Seriously - take a pass on the junky stuff at the home centers - buy the real article .
 We have a good size yard not huge ... this zapper did the job it zapped away and everyone was excited so we knew when it zapped it was doing the job very happy with this purchase.im not sure it really works on mosquitos but everything else yes
 Yes the Flowtron electrifries them bugs . I would give Flowtron 5 stars if it had a removeable door to access the eletrical grid to make cleaning off the dead bugs easy . I will be cutting out a side and reattaching it with wire to make a cleaning easier .
 I bought this at Meijer , it was the same price and I did n't have to pay shipping . I see there is free shipping now . It works great . I have had it two years now and it is working strong . It has smoked large bugs without a problem . The cord is very short , maybe 12 inches . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Nive size zapper.Works very well.We have had it on for 2 weeks straight hanging over our pond.The turtle and koi love it.Fried , fresh critters.Will buy another frrom site .
 So far I like this product.It seems to be doing the job pretty good , not too many mosquitos around even if it rained quite a bit lately , and then we have lots of them around here.It still works after suffering heavy rain , I ca n't say the same for a Stinger that quited after about the same treatment last year.It 's not too noisy , but it 's a little heavy for a regular sheppard hook so you do nead a strong one .
 I had a flowtron many years ago . When the bulb burned out after at least five years of use , I had difficulty finding replacement bulbs and could not find a way to even get the bulbs out I think it was an older model that needed to be taken apart . So I unfortunately bought the stingers because they were at the local hardware store at the end of last year . I stored them in the garage through the winter . When I put new bulbs in this spring neither worked . I needed these !!! and bought two more this spring . One still works but is clogged every couple of days . And I have to replace bulbs every month . The other no longer works . They just hang in rather protected areas . What is with the stingers ????
 This is the 4th Bug Zapper I 've owned in the last year . My previous zappers were all Stingers with mixed results . The Flowtron is by far the best Bug Zapper I have seen yet . It does a heck of a job and is able to get the bigger bugs too , because of the larger openings . The electric grid is much sturdier and larger than the comparably priced Stinger . I have this Flowtron on for about 1.5 to 2 hours a night while outside . It is killing like crazy from the time I plug it in , until I unplug it . You will not be disappointed in this product . It is an excellent choice for killing insects.Richard A. Bante
 I live on a farm so we have lots of bugs . I mounted the unit app 100 ' away from my house . The unit works as advertised . I can now walk into my front door without being attacked . As others have mentioned , it does need larger access for the larger bugs . I will eventually modify it to accommodate . I am very pleased with this product .
 We have not been able to find this type of bug zapper anywhere in our area . We use it to attrack insects to the area where we fish off our dock . It zaps the bugs which bring in the bait fish which then in course brings in the large fish . It also helps keep insects in that area and away from our house or front porch . We are so glad we could find this particular type , its the only kind that works .
 I live in a wooded area and this light does the job . Itkills so many bugs that it has to be cleaned with an air blower about 2 times a week , which only takes a few minutes .
 The product is the enemy of bugs . It is the most efficient that I have ever used . This is my third brand to try . The first unit that I recieved was damaged , but it was easy to return and Amazon refunded the shipping expenses . It was worth the wait . I have had the unit for a few weeks and I hope that it stands the test of time better than other brands . The capacitors seem to go out and they became bug attractors with no zapping ability . I hope this one will last .
 I was happy with the size of this zapper - did n't want a monstrosity in our yard . I have it set on a timer and it appears to be doing a good job . I know the birds sure love the crispy treats they find in the morning !
 I am very pleased with this product so far . We live in a very woody area that has large variety of flying insects , and the Flowtron has significantly decreased their numbers . It is now much more enjoyable to be outside .
 I live in Central Wisconsin and the mosquitoes are the worst I 've seen in years , because of all the rain we 've had this spring . I ordered 2 of the Flowtron bug zappers -LRB- 1/2 acre and a 1 acre -RRB- . They have helped tremendously to get rid of the bugs . We can actually enjoy being outdoors again . They are continually zapping the bugs day and night . We put a tray under one of the zappers to see just how many bugs got zapped . There were hundreds of bugs -LRB- flies , mosquitoes , moths , wasps -RRB- laying dead by morning . These zappers are great .
 For years my wife and I lived without any kind of bug protection . We immediately noticed a difference after hanging this off of our furtherest point on our deck . It is very hard not just to stop and listen to it because it truly does attract and zap every bug that swarms to it . This thing is super effective and will probably come with us on future camping trips.Our neighbors are ordering the same one as well it is so effective . I highly recommend this product and can not say enough good things ... great deal !!!
 So effective I plan to buy more of them for my mother , my sister ... . Used in the living room , in the bedroom , all over the home and banished all flying insects . They were zapped !!! Terrific product .
 Excellent product - we have one in the front yard and one in the back .
 I would recommend this product over to others . No complaints .
 I bought this as a christmas gift , hopefully it will work as well as reviews said , looks good so far !
 I already have one and it works great , so in the spring we add 3 more , also saved on tax before January .
 So far so good , have had this for only about a month . We will see if it can hold up .
 opened the package today plugged it in and it did not light up . WTH isnt there quality check before the mail them ? OK ! after a few hours of being connected later now it works and zapping everything .
 Mosquitoes sneak in to my house and bite like mad . can this product be used indoors to get rid of these blood suckers ? Maybe when everyone goes to work ?
 used indoors and working well . Beats the hell out of the piece of garbage zapper I wasted my money on from Lowe 's . Bought this from Amazon and they shipped it in the original carton ! BAD IDEA but luckily it works .
 Its a great zapper , but its loud so you want to place it away from you but other than that it works great
 I now have two - I have to blow off the grid now and then - Fills up with dead bugs . I have found nothing better !
 Flowtron wins hands down . We have two parrots , and their food causes seasonal infestations of small moths . We put both of these units near the cages , indoors . The Stinger worked ok , because spiders built webs in them , and THEY caught a few moths . The Flowtron is awesome , and clears the room in a couple nights , keeping it clear thereafter . In previous years the swarms were so bad -LRB- in the hundreds -RRB- that we could n't use the room , and because the parrots are sensitive to poison -LRB- not to mention us ! -RRB- , we could n't use pesticides . Recommend the Flowtron highly .
 This has been amazing from the first night we plugged it in . We have about an acre of land and it does a great job in getting rid of mosquitoes -- do n't care what the experts say . This works and the proof is on the ground below the flowtron , a bunch of dead mosquitoes . Yes , it does kill some good insects too but it will rid your backyard of mosquitoes . Lastly , just like another reviewer wrote , we also have a critter that comes out in the morning to feast on the insects . No mess , fuss or cost like the propane mosquito killers .
 This bug zapper works tremendously well . I had purchased a Stinger unit last season and instantly regretted the decision . The design was poor , and as it turned out , the unit did not last more than one year . This year I listened to the reviews on Amazon and purchased a Flowtron . Wow ! This unit is so much better than the Stinger . First , the electrodes are smartly designed ... Not two layers of wire mesh that quickly clogs like the Stinger , but one single layer of very sturdy vertical electrodes , spaced apart about a quarter inch . This allows the dead bugs to slip down and fall out the open bottom so no cleaning is required . Next , the large openings in the plastic case allow even large moths to enter and face their end . This is also a huge improvement over the Stinger unit . Finally , the light is much brighter than the Stinger unit was . The blacklight actually lights up my front yard with a blue light and attracts swarms of insects from all over . I can even leave my front porch light on and the Flowtron attracts them away from the porch light.At the end of the day , I am convinced that the Flowton far outshines the Stinger . Please listen up !!! The bugs will be much happier if you choose another unit , but you will soon regret it .
 Works like a champ , I have this outside right by my porch and I can tell you this is one of the better zappers out there . This unit has an open flow design to it so there is no need to have to go out and clean it day after day , the bugs fall right through it and out the bottom . I reccomend this product to anyone looking for a quality zapper .
 Draws the bugs away from the porch when in use and eliminates them for good .
 I received this very quickly , and it looks quite good . . but the persons I gave it to feel their apartment and balcony are too small for its best use . They plan to sell it at cost to a friend who has a patio and backyard pool , thinking it may be more useful to them . Directions say it covers a larger area than I anticipated .
 I bought this insect killer because we are having a party outside and I hate mosquito bites . It was delivered very fast and It serves the purpose.Kills insects and bugs right away . You just have to clean it by taking out all the insects sticking inside . I would say over all quality 4 star . . try it !
 So far , so good ! I plugged this up in my bedroom due to a flea issue I was having . I think the family that was here last had a cat -LRB- or dog -RRB- with fleas . So I have n't been bitten lately . It 's working ! Ca n't wait 'til the summer when the real pests come . Thanks Amazon & Flowtron !!!
 And therefore we have lots of flying insects all over . During the warmer days , when temperature is above 80F/22C and there are tons of mosquitoes , flies , I can see this thing zapping dozens of them per minute.If you leave it on for a few hours , you will notice on the next day that they floor right below it is covered with hundreds of insects killed.The question I have is if , even zapping hundreds of them , how many thousands are still left behind.I 've also noticed that the smalled bugs that end up at the floor attracts other bigger bugs -LRB- spiders mainly -RRB- as it becomes free/easy food for them.An important warning
 I love this item . It 's works great . Worth every penny ! We are out on our patio ALL THE TIME !! We never get bitten . I recommend it to everyone I know .
 This product has worked very well for intended purposes . I did not put the attractant in for the first time and it worked well . The only surprise for me was the cord that had to be attached . It was a bit in the way when used on the patio . I moved it to another spot and no problem .
 I purchased this as a gift for my son 's home . It arrived damaged but the shipper and the manufacturer both came through with a solution . We elected to replace the damaged top sent by Flowtron rather than return the item and reorder . It was a quick fix and shows the reputation of the manufacturer . I purchased this item cause it 's an identical one that I 've had for almost 20 years . I 've left that out through the winter and summer and it still works . Proves the adage , if it 's not broken do n't fix it . This zapper works .
 A good working bug killer . It wiped out bugs left and right . Although , its not so effective against smaller insect . Id buy again .
 I used other brands before , but they can not kill big insects . Flowtron can kill any insect that touch its screen.I 'll refer it to all of my friends & acquaintance
 This Bug Zapper is a great product-especially for the low price . Does a great job cuttiing down the bugs in the yard .
 A little bit different than i had before which was 8yrs old . But still works as good .
 Will update my review when we 've had it going for a few weeks , but initial tests look favourable.Placed it on a wall about 3 ' off the ground , under a tree at the back of the yard . Will hang it from the tree eventually.Within seconds , arcing sounds were heard and numerous tiny flying insects were meeting their maker.Big bugs are too big to fit through the mesh easily , and the vertical rods that make up the grid are about 1/4 '' apart , so they do n't look like they 'll get clogged quickly .
 I really love my insect killer . I had one before , but it got lost in the move to my new house . It works great . Thanks
 I 'm really pleased with the insect killer . I have it out hanging on a post at the end of my patio , and it helps with the flies , mosquitos , and other bugs real well . I had one before that I had for nine years and finally bit the bullet . Well worth the money .
 Hangs up right out of the box . Nothing to mess with , and really no need to read directions . You do not have to do anything to it before hanging it . Once it is hung plug it in and the bugs are gone . I like to sit and watch them fly into it ... . to their death . The zapper is not a grid like some of them - Makes it easy to clean . Awesome . < zap > < ZAAAAAAAAAAAP >
 Item is working great ! My yard is free of bugs . Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because most bugs stick to the `` grate '' surrounding the light instead of falling thru the bottom . I have to use canned air to clean about once a week .
 This is a traditional bug zapper , the first one I had was the same type only a bit larger . That one gave us two years of full time service before the lamp went out . The price is very good and the unit holds up very well killing many bugs ! The unit arrived in good condition and right on time.Thanks !
 When the bug light works it is great , but we have had about 6 of them so far and try replacing the bulbs but they just do n't work properly after that .
 This is the King of bug zappers . I have tried other brands that discount retailers sell -LRB- WM -RRB- and this brand is the old school zapper I remember as a kid that would always give a great zap and sometimes a great light show . It really attracts mosquitoes and moths . Every once and awhile a stupid horse fly will fall victim to the lovely light as well . Good product , have had for two years and never replaced the bulb but plan on buying a replacement just in case . Nice to see Amazon carries this great product .
 Easy install pull it out of the box and plug it in . Kills moths and small bugs -LRB- aphids -RRB- , mesquitos , etc. . I hope it will last for several seasons , have had problems in the past with bug zappers not working in the spring after being put up for the winter , Will find out next spring . So far unit works flawlessly .
 Zaappp is all you hear when another mosquito bites the dust . Mounted in overhang , mosquito flies past but never flies on !
 We live in Hawaii which has WAY to many bugs . I can tell you honestly I giggle now when I hear them get zapped . This thing works great & has cut our bug problem down a ton !
 We have beenUsingIt for a few months now . It does the job it has reduced the bugs . There were reviews thatHad comments about cleaning it . We have n'tDone that yet so I ca n't comment on that . Overall I happy with kt
 Used this all summer near our deck . Finally , something that keeps the pesky mosquito population under control . I plan to use it again next summer .
 The trap also collects moths who are attracted by the light . I ca n't figure out how to make the liquid attractant fit into it .
 I store firewood in the basement during the winter . -LRB- Wood has been my sole source of heat since the 70 's . -RRB- I purchased this device to kill flying insects from the wood . It has been ideal for this application . -LRB- Small area , low power consumption . -RRB- Since using this , there have been no bugs in the house even with the basement door open to let the heat upstairs.This has been on continuously since receiving it in early December . Thus far , the lamp has not burned out . Perhaps I should purchase a spare just in case .
 Priced right this effective bug killer is a must for outdoor lounging . Quiet , and easy to install . Highly recommended for anyone who has an issue with bugs .
 PRO - I bought it for moths , not mosquitoes , as I had quite the overwhelming population . It took a couple months , but this thing caught up to the population eventually , and it was such a relief to be able to go in and out at night without letting a moth in literally every time . The 1-acre coverage seems accurate for the model I bought.CON - Really big moths -LRB- and I mean REALLLY big , like tomato worm moths -RRB- do n't fit inside , and thus do n't get zapped.TIPS - Make sure you hang it reasonably far from anywhere you want to hang out or go in/out doors , as it brings the bugs to that area of the yard.It gets covered pretty quickly , but still seems to attract them in . Cleaning is pretty easy -LRB- I just shake it a bit , or tap on the outside -RRB- , just do n't be down wind when you do it !
 The Flowtron is a real killer , far superior to brands sold by the big box stores . Absolutely worth the money !
 Ok . . for full disclosure , this is the only bug light I 've ever owned . We have about 2/3 an acre , about 1/2 is trees . I put this thing on a timer and it is on from about 4 PM until 6 AM mon to friday , whenever the temperature is above 50 degrees . It never stops zapping.I also have the mosquito attractant on it . We live in a swampy area of Virginia and the mosquitoes are abundant . There are still mosquitoes around , but the population seems to have dwindled . Whereas , I might have gotten 12 bites in 5 minutes , now i 'll get about 4 . I will def be getting more of that in the spring . Is it wrong to be gleeful about hearing the zaps?The negatives ... This thing ends up nasty . I suppose all of them do , what with them being covered in bug corpses . I 've seen the birds eating the crispy critters on the ground , but they wo n't pick them off the grid . I use a stick and just poke the bits out . oh , turn it off first and do n't stand downwind or you will get covered in nasty bug ashes . This is not how the manual says to clean it , btw , but it works for me . I 've prob just voided my warranty . I did n't coat it in Pam as another reviewer suggested . Still no problems for me to clean it.My kids wanted me to tell you that the fire flies are gone too . That makes me kind of sad , but they can go play in someone else 's yard ...
 I have this outside of my house which is situated on a 1 acre lot and this does a terrific job of keeping the mosquitoes away . The only downside I 've found , which is n't really directly related to the product itself , is that one of my dogs is absolutely terrified of the zapping noise .
 Well , just to redneck it out we actually removed the plastic protecting covering off of the bottom so that only the electric part was exposed . Words ca n't describe the `` 4th of July '' like scene that it produced . I 'm talking thousands of bugs every night . Come one , come all with the same result . The only problem was that I had bulb to fall out because that part helps to hold in the bulbs . So , I plan to put that piece back on and just cut the slits out of the side so that the bugs and find the electric bars easier . Great purchase and super strong !
 This works super well ! My home is near a river and we get eaten by mosquitoes every summer . This past summer , I bought the flowtron and it worked so well ! On a day when I normally would have been bitten about 20 times , I was only bitten once ! That 's progress ! My neighbors benefited too !
 work great way less bugs in my back patio and had a great price ... easy to hook up and use
 Ive had it for a year now and it is great . They do attract bugs , so you want to put it where you arent ! I have mine at the back of my yard . I leave it on all the time . At night I can sometimes hear it zap the really large bugs from inside . I just laugh and think how much better I am than that dead bug .
 the item arrived very quickly , was exactly as described , and works perfectly . The shipping cost break was great . I am very satified .
 I put this unit up right away , runs 24/7 . Seems fine so far . Been inabout a month . I went thru 2 of the stingers in 4 months . But Flowtronis the better choice . I needed to do an acre since I am at the edge ofthe desert . My neighbors also benefit from my unit.MIkeTucsonTo add to my review , it is now June 2012 , and the unit runs 24/7 . No bugsor moths at my doors or windows . So far So good .
 Well , it does n't eliminate all the mosquitoes in sight.But it does kill things with gusto . Sometimes , almost gleefully . Nothing like sitting on the patio and getting to watch a 1930 's - style execution . it can get pretty vivid . Kinda fun , in a perverse sort of way ...
 I bought this because I am a mosquito bait when summer comes along . Tried it out this year and I definitely see a huge reduction in mosquito attacks when I go outside.Here is my review for you picky buyers.Pros : - It does kill a lot of bugs . leave it out for one night and by morning it 's a massive grave of bugs . - Easy to use , just plug it into an AC wall jack -LRB- hope you 've got one outdoors -RRB- . I recommend using this with a automatic timer so it comes on by itself at night and turns off during the day.Con : - You should use this so you 're not too close to the lamp . The UV light is not good for your eyes if you keeps staring at it . - Have to watch out for rain . If you leave it on during stormy nights your power adapter will blow out . - Have to power it off in the morning , spray it with a garden hose to get rid of bugs , and wait for it to dry out to use again at night.I 'd recommend this item just because it really does work .
 Since I bought this device , i started spending more and more time at night on my patio . it works fine and is a good investment .
 I bought the Flowtron BK -15 D to handle a fly problem . While the unit does not seem to attract flies by itself , it does kill them quite well . I put banana peels or something else the flies like near the base of the unit and as the flies gather they tend to fly through the grate and get zapped . It definitely cut the number of flies in my patio down . I had better luck not actually baiting the basket under the light but instead propping the thing up on a table with the bait nearby . For me , it was definitely worth the money I spent on it . And for some reason really entertaining to sit out in the patio and hear the beasts get zapped .
 We have been able to enjoy being out on our deck without being bothered by flying insects . This product is durable and works well . We are very pleased with our purchase .
 We absolutely love this insect killer , it definetely reduced insect activity on our back yard . Definetely recommed it to anyone who is tired of mophs , flys and other bugs in their yard
 PRODUCT SHIPPED AS SAID ON TIME . HAVENT REALLY HOOK IT UP IN A PERMANET LOCATION OF YARD YET , STILL DOING WORK BUT TRIED IT OUT IN A LITTLE AREA AN IT SERVED IT 'S PURPOSE . FOR THE PRICE WAS GREAT AS THE REVIEWS !
 Works great and no problems , I hung this about 20 feet from where we sit outside and it draws the bugs to it before they get to us . I have it hung under my pine tree its out in the elements and holds up to it . very well built and should last a long time . Plus its Made in the good ole USA . -LRB- about time -RRB-
 Needs a 3-prong extension cord but damn am I excited to have this thing finally ! Does n't always zap mosquitos but it does keep them away from me which is all I really need .
 I was hoping that since the product had been on sale since ~ 2000 , and there were quite a few positive reviews , it would be a winner in solving our rural fly problem . I put one out front and one out back , and it worked . Very few flies remain to harass us . When we get bees checkin out the buds , we 'll have to put them away -LRB- too effective - fear for the little bees -RRB- . Good buy .
 I bought this item to help reduce the skeeters in my yard this summer without toxic chemicals and it works better than I ever thought ! I love how there is a cloud of those skeeters around it every eve and they all get zapped .
 Starting early on in August , we began seeing a lot of flying insects getting into the house at night . Nothing major , maybe one or two at night . I always had wanted a bug zapper . But having the few stray bugs in the house was enough to get my wife to agree it was time to get one -LRB- she hates bugs -RRB- . It was easy to set up ; we hung it on a ornamental plat hanger from the side of our shed . Ran an outdoor power cord -LRB- make sure you get a properly rated , outdoor power cord for safety and code -RRB- to it , added an outdoor timer with a dusk/dawn setting , and it automatically goes on and off right when I want it to.There have been a few times I 've manually shut it off . We had a good week of torrential downpours -LRB- one or two nights were the worst I 've seen in years -RRB- . The Flowtron held up just fine ! However , because I like to take care of anything I have to it lasts a long time , I 've begun unplugging the unit during heavy rain . Although , I must reiterate , it was perfectly fine in the rain.Now to the important part
 This bug light replaced another that I had for almost twenty years ... it seems to work great ... now lets see if it will last as long with proper maintenance that is !
 Extremely effective ! You have to place it 25ft away from your patio . First I had it too close , so it was attracting more insects close to us . Now I placed it in the distance , and it really helps . In a humid summer night you hear one killing every 5 seconds or so . Zzzzzzzt .
 It feels good to watch all the little varmints that were pestering me only the night before light up before my eyes ! The bug zapper itself is VERY effective , however the Octenol cartridge that came with it does n't seem to attract bugs . If it did , I would have certainly noticed some bugs flocking to it during the day . This was n't the case . However , once night fell , this thing drew them in and lit them up like the Fourth of July ! As for the `` patented non-clogging grid '' , I am already experiencing some clogging -LRB- and this in only the first night -RRB- . I would give this item 5 stars had the Octenol cartridge even remotely seemed to be effective and the `` anti-clogging '' grid did what it is advertised to do . Nonetheless , the thing attracts and kills bugs like crazy . I would still recommend it to anyone .
 I started a raised bed garden this year and was not prepared for the amount of bugs it would draw to my house . You could n't go out the back door without getting swarmed by little flying gnat type things.Since I hung this bad boy off the back deck , there have been very few flying insects of any kind in my yard or my neighbors . It 's been running for about 2 months non-stop and had no problems . I go out there every few days and smack it to knock some of the bugs down.Couldn ' t be happier with it . Seems like a well made device .
 Researched bug zappers well before purchased of this particular model that is like Out of Print from Flowtron . 1 acre is a recommended size for anyone . Boy does it zap ! Plus the ONLY zapper I 've found with a photocel timer which works gr8 . I have it set for 3 hrs . Best price found from the amazon seller - much cheaper than from the manufacturer site purchase site . PLUS the extras included are worth the cost alone . You may waste $ $ if you do n't choose this one . Remember , contempt prior to investigation .
 When I bought this , my husband told me these things do n't work . A couple days later , he was bragging to my son how much the insects have decreased on our porch since handing this near the door . I bought another one for the upstair porch !
 excelente producto , hace lo que el fabricante indica , y es una manera ` ecol&oacute;gica ' de eliminar mosquitos y zancudos sin acudir a pesticidas .
 This zapper is like a bug Auschwitz . This thing makes short work of flies , mosquitoes and other small bugs , and it is an absolute spectacle/pleasure to watch the larger bugs like moths and wasps getting electrocuted and burning up like Eduard Delacroix on the electric chair on `` The Green Mile '' .
 I am very impressed with this product . This is the first product of this type that I have owned . I have seen a huge reduction in mosquitoes and other flying insects . Cleaning this item is fairly simple as stated in other reviews . I use compressed air -LRB- keyboard cleaner -RRB- or air from an actual compressor . I would recommend this item to my friends !
 Every time I hear a mosquito get zapped I feel a twinge of guilt and joy at the same time . It 's an interesting feeling . Overall , the pesky bug numbers have dropped significantly in the back yard with this zapper . I 'm thinking of adding one to the front yard too .
 After having two summers buying and replacing Stinger zappers , I read up on the reviews on Amazon for the Flowtron unit . What a difference ! We have a small shaded lot in CT near the water , and every dusk would get eaten alive if we stayed outdoors . The zapper was easy to put up and install the lure . Thank goodness - we enjoyed father 's day weekend bug free with family . You will still see a few mosquitoes , but few and far between . BUY IT .
 I buy one of these every two or three years-they run every night from sundown till sunup . The only maintenance that is required is to occasionally blow the bug remains out of the grid and yearly bulb change . It is really effective in mosquito control and on the gulf coast we have plenty to control . I would recommend this to all looking for an insect control device .
 My wife and I have had terrible itching gnat bites recently . I just put out the Flowtron , and it is sweet revenge ! I am killing about twenty a minute . I have been successful killing mosquitoes , before they develop , using animal safe Mosquito Dunks . It did nothing for the gnats however . They seem to develop in damp grass . I am also trying Mosquito Bits in the wet grass .
 A very good investment , This Insect Killer has cleared my propety of insect pest . Now I can work my garden with out the fear of being eaten alive with insects . I purchased the mosquito lure , and the fly sex lure to pull the insect in to the Flowtron . Works great . Highly reccomend . Thanks Amazon for making my life easier . Mr . James W . Lindsey
 when I open a crack of a window at night , I can hear my investment hard at work . It is a very satisfying feeling . Like others , I clean it with a leave blower-it is a cinch . Since I hang it close to the house , I placed one of kid snow sleds right below the unit to catch the falling dead bugs , and dump them twice a week , so there wo n't be an ant feeding ground . I would say that only about half of the dead are mosquitoes . Although I feel bad for other casualties , it is totally worth it for me .
 I purchased this model to replace a much earlier model that I have used for about 15 years . The old zapper finally burned up the transformer and I ordered and put this new model into operation . This unit has 2 40 watt tube style bulbs and has even better coverage than the old unit and has much more insect stopping electric power . I am very pleased with this machine and would recommend this unit to anyone needing a good , powerful , insect killer . If this unit lasts as long as the first unit , it will be well worth the money and is a fair priced unit . I have no complaints about this unit . If you need a bug zapper , try this unit .
 I bought this item a week ago , installed some 50 ft from my deck , and was amazed by the action . As soon as I plugged it in , it started zapping - MOSQUITOS -- I have n't even put the Octenol attractant in there yet . Make sure to buy the 40 watt version - - get a 7-8 ft shepherd 's hook to mount on . At first I put it next to my deck - but then I actually read the directions and learned you want the mosquitos attracted AWAY from you - Duh!No propane , No chemicals , No $ 300Maybe buy a timer to turn on/off at certain times...Drawbacks-some people may be bothered by the zapping - you 'll hear it ! and maybe some beneficial bugs get zapped-Electricity - of course use a GFI outdoor outlet if possible , and outdoor rated electrical cord!JB -
 Do n't even hesitate to buy this thing . It should be called the Flowtron Terminator . I have to keep the windows closed at night because it is zapping bugs all the time . I checked to see what types of bugs it is killing - alot of moths , mosquitos , flies.I bought one as a gift for a friend and they love it too .
 I have owned a smaller model of the Flowtron for two years without a problem . It works very well . I decided to buy a second one so I can have one in the front and backyard . I was very pleased when I turned it on and it immediately began to attract and kill mosquitoes . I literally did not get bitten by one mosquito while the Flowtron was on . I wholeheartedly recommend the Flowtron bug zapper and am especially pleased with the price after considering mosquito trap machines that have to be baited and require electricity for a light and intake fan to be followed by a cleaning of the unit . All that is required of the Flotron is to cut it on and shake it out when it is done for the price of a 40 watt light bulb .
 I am graphic designer . I have international customers so this means I work days and nights very frequently . And because of the difference in our GMT I use to work at nights more than ever.Between me and my 28 '' monitor screen - which produces a lot of light - used to fly hundred of termites . These bugs are attracted by the light , and I do n't know how but they always found the way to violate the security of my sealed window to come inside my room and `` dance '' in front of my face ! . I just ca n't find the words to express how annoying this situation was!Since I have my Flowtron this situation became a bad memory of the past !!!! This lamp is gorgeous , I must say ! I installed it just right out of my window , so the termites are attracted FIRST by the Flowtron light BEFORE the light on my room . So now the only thing I hear is the happy sound `` BZZZ '' when the bugs find their end into this glorious lamp.Btw that `` BZZZ '' sound does not disturb me at all . Even I love when it sounds because it -LRB- first -RRB- confirms me the Flowtron is working in a perfect shape , and -LRB- second -RRB- makes me smile every time it sounds because it means I WON my fight against those little bastards !!! Here , while I write this review , I could count more than 100 `` BZZZ '' . That means 100 termites LESS who did n't come inside!I installed a switch inside my room which controls the on/off of my Flowtron , so even I do n't need to go out to my backyard to turn on my Flowtron , I control all the operation from the inside ! Very convenient ! -LRB- Note
 This unit is definitely killing mosquitoes and other pesky critters waiting to fly into my home when I open our sliding door at night . I do n't know what that one reviewer was talking about when they said it does no kill mosquitoes , but mine sure does . They must be someone who really likes mosquitoes . Anyways , the bodies are piling up below my unit , and that 's a fact Jack !
 I have owned the 80 watt Bug Killer for over 5 yrs . and have been completely satisfied with it 's performance . I have 4 acres with about 11/2 acre as yard with the house . I have this Light hanging on my deck and have found it most effective . I have just replaced the lamps for the first time . I use the light year around . It not only serve 's as a terrific Bug Killer , but also as a night light for the back of my house . I do need to locate a starter for one side . I believe that is what it 's called . Could you please send me a parts list . I have one but there is not a starter listed on it . Thanking you in advance , Brenda Stevens
 We do n't have a mosquito problem but my wife and I usually spend our time at our computers which are located close to our deck . At night , flying bugs would wiggle into the house and send my wife screaming and wailing . So I bought this bug zapper and the problem is solved . A good product if you need something to keep flying bugs out of the house during warm summer nights.Before buying this product , think of a way to hang it some place . I put mine on a deck table but its a little wobbly and may fall over if there 's a strong gust of wind.I ca n't identify most of the bugs killed by the zapper , some are small green thinggy with wings and some of rather big long flying bug . It did killed a lady bug however , not sure if that 's a good thing or not .
 TheFlowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- is a nicely built unit that will last a long time and works great at zapping moths . But this unit will not attract and kill all insects equally . There are many varieties of insects . Many common mosquito varieties will not be attracted by light alone . There are other models that add additional chemical or other components specifically designed to attract mosquitoes , particularly theFlowtron BK-80D 80-Watt , 1-1/2 - Acre Electronic Insect Killer . As for this unit , if you are mostly concerned about moths you should be satisfied.The 1 acre range on this unit is probably the minimum you would want to supply the power to handle most yards . Even if you do n't have nearly an acre of yard , my experience is that you have to factor in some extra range to account for insects coming from your neighbor 's yards.This is also not designed to be as powerful as gas powered mosquito and bug killers , and as stated above will not kill many mosquitoes as it is . So if you 're going to go with one of these bulb units , definitely round up in terms of power.One of the drawbacks to this unit is that over time the grates around the bulb will become clogged with bugs . You will have to follow the instructions to carefully clean out the unit every few days or so to keep it working at maximum efficiency . The more the light is covered up , the less bugs will be able to see it.This unit should be hung away from your house , which does n't mean it needs to be placed 20 feet away . It only means that if you have a deck or something off your house you should place this on the farther side . It 's easy to equip a hook on a high post from which to hang this.This also requires an extension cord . As with all electrical equipment being used outdoors , you should not skimp on the extension cord . Make sure you use a grounded cord that is rated for exterior use . I err on the side of caution and use a contractor grade exterior extension cord , because it 's important to be safe when using electrical equipment . Some of the better ones on Amazon are made by Coleman such as theColeman Cable 02469 14/3 100-Foot Hi-Visibility/Low-Temperature Outdoor Extension Cordor theColeman Cable 02569 12/3 100-Foot Hi-Visibility/Low-Temperature Outdoor Extension Cord . While those prices may seem high , they are an affordable way to have peace of mind when using electric equipment outdoors.Perhaps the most annoying thing for me personally has been the high cost and limited availability of replacement bulbs . I had no luck in my local home stores . Even though these units are far from cheap , the bulbs are almost the same price as the unit itself . My first bulb lasted me almost 2 years using it half the time . Still , buying an entirely new unit on sale may be cheaper than paying the high price of replacing the bulb when you need one . So if you ever see these bulbs on sale , buy them and stock up . You will need them eventually.Pros + Nice design perfect for controlling moth population and other flying insects + Requires no regular maintenance other than weekly cleaning + Bulb is rather long lasting , perhaps up to a year + The top loop for hanging from a hook is reliable and secure + The 1 acre range is perfect for most small yards + Reasonable amount of power wo n't spike your electric billsCons - Less effective on mosquitoes ; may want to step up at least to the 80D - The price seems on the high side , perhaps because of the long lasting bulb - Is slightly noisy when in use -LRB- you will hear the zapping ! -RRB- , so not ideal near a sitting porch - Exterior extension cords add cost - Finding up an ideal -LRB- covered -RRB- location a few feet away from the house requires planning - Finding replacement bulbs is difficult locally , so try to have an extra on hand - The cost of replacement bulbs is VERY HIGH , almost as much as the unitDo your research . If you are primarily concerned about mosquitoes or have a larger yard , you will probably want to step up to the 80D or another line of products . If you are primarily looking for something for moth control on an average sized home , this product deserves a try.Enjoy .
 This thing is the mother of all bug zappers , this is not a toy . Do n't buy one of those cheaper 1/2 acre models , if you want to kill some bugs then just do it and quit screwing around . I bought this mainly to kill European Hornets -LRB- they look like yellowjackets except they are huge and are active at night , they are attracted to light and they would pop at my windows all night -RRB- . They do sting and it hurts worse than any bee or wasp ever has . The first night I used this thing is was like a bloodbath . Over 20 dead European hornets in one night . To put it in perspective , it took a whole can of Raid to kill two , yes two of these things . They will not die , Raid just pissed them off and they would fly away ! The second night it killed over 30 hornets . Every two weeks another batch of workers is born and they are completely wiped out in 2 days with this thing . I do n't have a bee suit so I am not about to go looking for their nest unless they are still here next year . If they are then I 'll spring for the full body armour bee suit .
 We live within 30 feet of a north Florida wetland and we were besieged by mosquitos especially after tropical storm ` Fay ' . After a lot of research , I ordered this product . I have found it very effective in ` moving ' the bugs away from my patio deck and where people congregate . You ca n't ` Zap ' them all and there are always stragglers so keep it away from people !! I can now go out on my patio ` bug free ' , but I do n't go near the Flowtron -LRB- w/octenol -RRB- unless I want to be bitten . I have tried running it all night and I found it coated with dead mosquitos-thousands . My patio is now mosquito free . On the patio and within 60 feet of the Flowtron is another collection device - a Dynatrap which I later placed to catch stragglers . But the biggest collector by far is the Flowtron . Placing the traps 60 feet apart has been highly effective with the Dynatrap being within 10 feet of the patio , and the Flowtron w/octenol 50 feet away . Octenol is a great mosquito lure and also used in county mosquito control traps .
 I 've had the Flowtron for about two weeks now . It has worked well and the mosquito population has been minimized in my back yard . The question you have to ask yourself before buying this is , `` Are you smarter than a mosquito ? '' If the answer is `` yes , '' this product will work for you . Besides the octenol pack , which lures the mosquito to the device , I also place a piece of sweaty clothing near the device , like socks or a shirt , to enhance its attractiveness for mosquitos . Other items I plan to try near the device
 Very pleased with this product as it started zapping the flying insects as soon as we plugged it in . After inspecting the contents there are lots of moths and a few hornets . The 40 watt black light should be replaced each season , so I look forward to many years of productive bug free evenings . I 'm thinking about buying another unit to put on the other side of the house.Update April 2008
 I bought this item based upon the reviews i read and i must say it lived up to the reviews . It did the job . I bought this late in the summer but the one time i used it i was impressed by the amount of bugs that it zapped in a short space of time . I saw and felt the effectiveness of the product because i stayed in the backyard longer than usual .
 My Flowtron 1/2 acre , arrived yesterday . My goal is to eliminate indoor mosquitoes.I used it indoors , overnight to see what happened . I placed it near the kitchen , in a large plastic container to catch zapped bugs . I did not install the mosquito attractant because the warning label says it can be toxic - and I do n't want to breathe anything toxic overnight.Day 1
 You should see the pile of mosquitoes on the ground , I mounted mine near our bbq , turn it on as low as possible , I was amazed , i 'm sure it killed 200 or 300 the first night alone , well see if it makes a difference in the long term , mosquitoes are a huge problem here in Winnipeg , Manitoba , even if it kills a 1000 week , it will make summer more enjoyable ! JF
 I live next to a pond in Washington and the mosquitoes are everywhere . I was worried after reading some of the reviews on Amazon that mosquitoes would not be attracted to the zapper . I am here to say that yes , this thing does attract mosquitoes and it zaps the heck out of them , along with gnats , moths , beetles , and sometimes flies . Check out my youtube vid
 Update
 I purchased four of these units as I have several acres and a few ponds that swarm with mosquitoes . My only disappointment is that the power cord is all of 8 INCHES long so you must get an extension cord and timer control that comes on at dusk . I plugged in one unit at an outdoor wall outlet with the little 8 inch cord and set it on the ground . I came back 5 minutes later with my extension cord and the thing was buzzing like crazy with probably 200 + dead mosquitoes on the ground . Sweet ! I plugged in the other three units and they , too , are off to the races . I 've also just started using B.T.I. in my pond areas to safely kill the larvae before they hatch into mosquitoes . Hopefully it will be a mosquito-free summer .
 I bought this bug zapper about a month ago now , and it 's been on since i got it out of the box . Before i had it , i was getting bit constantly by mosquitos that had found their way into my apartment . Since i plugged this bad boy in , i get bit once maybe every 5 or 6 days . This zapper really gets the job done .
 This is for the Flowtron BK-15D that covers 1/2 acre . I live next to a lake , in the woods , where you can only imagine the number of flying mosquitoes and assorted other buggers . Enjoying my fire pit was becoming less and less fun after the sun went down , and you nearly had to lather yourself in repellent and it still was not working . So bought one of these along with the scent packs -LRB- it does come with one to start you off -RRB- . First night , got a bit of line , hung it from a tree branch about 20ft away from the pit , and plugged it in . Not much happened until the it really got dark -LRB- a zap here and there -RRB- and then the fun started . 3 hours later the light was not as bright due to the veil of victims that had died without me swatting . I was totally happy -LRB- it actually was entertaining -RRB- . So I mistakenly turned it off figuring that the mosquitoes had run their course , but 15 minutes later we headed in as once again we were getting eaten.Subsequent nights since then , it is only turned off after everyone is safely inside !!! I did try using it about 70ft from the fire pit , and that did not work -LRB- it worked , but we still got bit -RRB- . So definitely keep it nearby . You need an extension cord , no question , but this only makes sense . I have not cleaned it , a gentle rap the next morning and the majority of the victims fell to the ground and I was ready for another bite free night!My brother has the same issue , and so I just have to decide which one to get him for his b-day . I so should have done this sooner !
 Just received this unit two days ago . WOW . I thought it would not work but trusted all the positive posts on this site . It was a mass execution of Mosquitoes . We have been driven inside for over a month . My wife was more skeptical about this unit than I was but she said the next day there was a significant reduction in mosquitoes.I agree 100 % with the positive posts but I would like to add
 After buying a Stinger brand bug zapper which was the biggest piece of crap I ever bought I read some reviews on this bad boy . Everyone seemed to love it so I took a chance as well , and let me tell you this thing does work . It fries the hell out of anything that flies into it and you know it . Great product , great price , all the way around worth the money !
 I ordered two of these and am very happy with them . It has been hard to enjoy the deck this year , but now I can . I am cleaning it out more often then suggested , due to the many bugs it attracts . I am sorry to say , I am using it outside and doing away with the good and the bad ... but I can go outside . We live in the country and have many Martin houses which stay full , but with the pond and stock tanks , I think the mosquitoes had the advantage .
 I ordered this by mistake but am glad I did . I wanted a solar zapper , but I 'm sure it would not be as good as this one . It 's a great bug zapper , really gets the bugs .
 I love this insect killer . It works great ! I have it in my yard and you can see and hear it working . I definitely reccomend it !
 After purchasing 3 stingers from Wal Mart I read the reviews here and went with this flowtron . It certainly lived up to the billing on the reviews . I will be curious to see how it does next season , but the first season was great .
 Does exactly what 's advertised and does it well.The short cable is somewhat awkward but since you 'll always need an extension cord anyways -LRB- who would have a power outlet between the source of the bugs -LRB- -- > garden -RRB- and where you sit -LRB- -- > patio -RRB- . So if the cable was 6 ft it would n't really help much either.I did n't at all use the chemicals to additionally attract the bugs and it still worked very well for us .
 The Flowtron was easy to assemble and very effective in keeping mosquitoes down to a tolerable minimum . The directions about where to attach the unit , if you did not happen to purchase the pole , could have been clearer .
 I ordered this from Afghanistan to combat the mass amount of bugs we have here , it arrived faster than anything I have ever had shipped to a combat zone . The first night we plugged it in it went non-stop all night and at one point we thought it might catch fire ... ever since then the bug population is noticeably smaller and it still keeps the population down , it works so well that many of my friends at different bases are ordering their own .
 There 's not too much I can say about something as simple as a bug zapper other than -- it works well , it 's silent -LRB- except when zapping bugs -RRB- , it DOES attract and eradicate mosquitoes and other flying insects , and it 's only 15 watts.Happy with my purchase .
 The bug zapper came very promptly . It was in excellent condition and has made the backyard livable again .
 This item was perfect for our use . We had an infestation of some mosquito-type insect . As soon as the Flowtron arrived , I plugged it up and listened to the wondrous sounds of frying insects . You do need to make sure the grid stays clean if you want to maintain optimum performance , but a can of compressed air does that job well .
 I am not sure what the other person is talking about when they say Mosquitos are not attracted to light . Before we bought this , the mosquitos on our patio were atracted to the lighting that we have hung up along the edge of our house and stuck to our patio door because of the lights on inside the house . We live in a mountain and forest area where the mosquitos are HUGE !! The product works very well with all bugs . The only downfall is if you have HUGE mosquitos like we do , they have a hard time getting inside the unit . We fixed that by cutting out a few pieces to make the openings bigger and now they can fit right in . We have had reports of Mosquitos in our area carrying west nile so we feel much better that these icky critters are being zapped . We love that we can sit out on our patio at night and night get eaten alive . It is kind of nerve racking if you hear something big go in to it like a moth as it takes a long time to kill it but you get used to it with time . Great product , I am so glad I bought it . I am also very happy with the bracket that you can order to make it more steady on a outside wall . oh , my dog is scared of the noise , she runs in the house when we turn it on .
 Works great , kills lot 's of bugs . Zap , dead.Just as described , need to have a three pronged extension cord additionally .
 We live in sub-tropic weather up in the mountains so you can imagine the termite problems . I bought the first of these a few years back and it works very well in the evenings . I know this is meant to use outside but we have it in our home because of the termite problem . It 's music to my ears when I hear them fry in the evenings .
 Use it in our garage - keep bugs from coming into the house all year round and makes a great night light for the garage
 But not all of them . I still get bug bites while outside with this bug zapper . But the majority are too busy sizzling and popping on the zapper to pester me . I would buy this product again .
 Have owned it for over 6 months with no problems . Will cake-up and should be cleaned around once a week which is why I did not give it 5 stars .
 This device works pretty well . I had a reduction in bug population this summer.Thank you very much for carrying this item .
 I needed something to clear out the bugs that tend to gravitate around my front door . There 's a pond close to my house so the area is buggy . I did n't use the chemicals that went with the product to attract the bugs , they came naturally . It kills off bugs ! I actually have it sitting on a table on the patio with a timer . I notice a big difference the patio has fewer bugs . And a friendly frog sits close by every night for his meals .
 We live in southeast Michigan and all of a sudden this year had a huge problem with mosquitoes . I ordered this using my amazon prime and as soon as it came in i ran outside , swatting mosquitoes the whole way , and plugged this into an extension cord -LRB- the zappers attached cord is VERY short -RRB- . It was plugged in @ 6:30 PM and by the next morning the thing was filled with dead mosquitoes . The unit was definitely NOT clog resistant/proof , but was very effective at killing mosquitoes . The unit does n't discriminate between different bugs , but i found that in the first night of operation there were more misquotes stuck in the grid than any other . I just used an air compressor to blow out the old bugs and set the unit back up . It as been 3 days now and the unit is still going strong . I would recommend this to other users , the only reason i am not giving it 5 stars is because it does feel kinda flimsy and the grid clogged .
 We bouhgt this product 2 weeks ago , and it works fine.it kills most of the insects.it is not efficient for a big garden .
 This zapper really works . I had one from Lowes that just did n't seem to get the job done . this one has eliminated the problems . Great zapper !
 Flowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- works great . no flies mosquitoes , or other insects
 This the only product that takes care of the mosquitos , gnats and other bothersome pest . I can go out in the yard at night and not be bothered.I live in a rural area in the mountains and find this light is the best on the market .
 Helps keep the bugs down on my property.Works better then the other brands I have tried.Bulb is replaceable .
 Works great after 1 night it seem to slow down , but it was because there were alot less bugs . Now it only zaps every now and then . Great product .
 This unit works as advertised . The construction is nice and solid . I found literally hundreds of dead bugs , mostly mosquitos , under the unit after the first two nights . Significant decline in local mosquito population and mosquitos no longer own the backyard ! I 'm getting a second one for the other side of the yard . I installed the mosquito attractant but others had great success even without it . I definitely recommend this zapper .
 I used to see these items at the military dinning hall I used to go to for years . They work great . Wish this unit had a longer cord on it but it will work
 I 've had this product for over 2-days now and could not be happier . We live bout mile from a large creek , so our bug population is a bit out of control in the summertime.I was skeptical around some of the misleading comments that this did not attract and kill mosquitoes , so I purchased Octenol Mosquito cartridges to help lure them in . I was happy to see that the 80 watt version actually came with one mosquito cartridge to get you started , so I 've added that to the bottom of the zapper . After what seemed like thousands of `` zaps '' last night , today I checked to see what type of bugs were killed and to my surprise 80 % or more were mosquitoes , so this thing is kicking a ** ! Last night and right now actually this zapper is going off every 1-2 seconds . There is a swarm around the black light from 8:30 pm to 10pm . I can already tell a decrease in the amount of annoying bugs that come near my patio area as I have placed the bug zapper about 20 yards away.I can finally enjoy my backyard at nighttime again !
 I had just about given up on being able to enjoy my yard during the summer , but the Flowtron has changed all that ! I put it out on Friday evening and was able to spend 4 hours outdoors that night without being swarmed . I only got one bite , and that might have happened while I was hanging up the Flowtron . -LRB- Usually I would have gotten many , many more . -RRB- I have a half-acre but purchased to 80-watt model for maximum effectiveness . The only cons are that the light is pretty bright , so you do n't want to hang it where it will bother you or your neighbors . And the noise is a bit loud , but did n't bother me .
 I bought this because we have a pond behind our house which lets off a lot of mosquitoes in the summer . It works very excellent . It states to not put on your house or patio , please listen -LRB- I did n't at first -RRB- and put it away from the area you 'll be sitting . I put it on the patio and got 1000 's of more bug than were there before . The light brings bugs to you that would n't normally be there . -LRB- Large flying bugs -RRB- So I moved it out to the back of the yard and it is perfect . I would recommend this product .
 This Electronic insect killer works great . I 've had it for about a month.I had a similar type that lasted over 30 years.Home Depot and Lowe 's did n't seem to have any of this quality.It is made in the USA .
 This zapper kills a ton of bugs . It literally leaves a mound of bugs below it . It does make a decent amount of noise when it zaps a bug and ants do show up when there is a pile of bugs , but that 's all in a days work . It kills that many bugs . The bulb lasts about a season and a half while running continuously . It 's sturdy and easy to use while safe . You ca n't touch it accidentally and it 's safe with children around as well .
 first night had so many dead bugs , looked almost like a dead zone . love the thing makes sitting by the pool enjoyable every time i hear a zap i think one less chance my kids have of getting bird flew or just getting bit.seems to kill bugs i didnt even know i had . seems to kill bigger bugs with out a problem.if i ever replace it i would buy it again , in this case bigger is better i have 1/2 acre so even next door likes it , im killing there bugs too.wasted money on a cheeper one glad i went with flowtron.hooked to timmer so it would notrun all day.Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt Electronic Insect Killer , 1-1/2 - Acre Coverage
 As an insect killer this unit works well but is very noisy . I bought this unit for indoor use at our summer cottage . Our previous unit -LRB- not a Flotron -RRB- had a tray on the bottom for catching dead bugs . Although the bottom of this unit has two holes that would lead one to believe it would use a catch tray none came with the unit . Customer service informed me that the unit does not come with a catch tray despite the fact that in the product photo , the bottom appears to be covered . -LRB- Flotron did not respond to my e mail seeking clarification . -RRB- Will have to fabricate a catch tray to avoid the mess it creates . Had the description said there was no tray I would not have ordered the product . Amazon needs to do a better job with product descriptions , especially essential information a customer requires in order to determine if a product meets their needs . Would liked to have known that the cord is only about a foot long !
 I recently bought this unit from my local Sams Club for about $ 7 cheaper than listed here . After plugging it in I noticed immediate results . The only problem I have is that I live in Puerto Rico and not eligible to order the mosquito lures BUT Flowtron recommended me to cdepot.com -LSB- a Florida based company -RSB- who carries all Flowtron accessories . Problem solved . I have come to discover that if Amazon can not deliver -LSB- the items that I want -RSB- to my area -LSB- this really perplexes me -RSB- there are others who are willing to do so . You just have to be persistant and ask and search to make it happen . Its Amazon 's loss and my gain .
 Needs a 3-prong extension cord but damn am I excited to have this thing finally ! Does n't always zap mosquitos but it does keep them away from me which is all I really need .
 I reviewed this product before I bought it - with the sole purpose of using it indoors to eradicate some rather pesky gnats . Not only did it get rid of the gnats in the house , it got rid of every other flying insect that ventured inside . I am truly happy with this product and recommend it highly - it was money well spent !
 I love this compact bug killing device !!! I am not sure why some reviewers stated that it does not kill mosquitoes when it even kills much bigger bugs ... I suppose they are stating this because no trace are left of the dead mosquitoes , but this is because they are so small and upon being zap their bodies -LRB- the mosquitoes -RRB- are disintegrated therefore living no traces!This is an extremely durable item , it required cleaning with strong hair for best performances . I also like the blue light it makes .
 This unit works great . However after only two months the bulb quit and then the unit died outright . The company did respond to my emails within one week and suggested some things to try , which determined the transformer in the unit had died . It was reparable under warranty but I had to spend another $ 17 to ship it back . In the meantime I was without a bug zapper for over a month -LRB- I ended up getting a 2nd one after 3 days as the fly situation was getting desperate -RRB- . The original unit was repaired and received this past weekend . We 'll probably put the repaired one in the camper to use when camping so having two is n't a problem .
 Purchased this to replace an Stinger MK100 that was not getting the job done during the middle of this past summer and I find three to four times as many dead insects on this unit .
 Have had mine running for 10 months nonstop now , cleared out all the blind misquotes really fast . It does have to be cleaned initially when there are a lot of bugs , but I simply blow on it and then use a thin wooden stick to knock off any large dead insects . What a relief to be able to walk out the back and not have a cloud of bugs get in my face and coffee ! Had the UV bulb starter blow after 10 months and they sent me a replacement UV bulb starter right away `` for free '' with proof of purchase -LRB- it only cost $ 2.38 if I ever need to replace it out of warranty -RRB- . The replacement part was modified slightly , I am guessing to make it last longer -LRB- had better wiring connection -RRB- . Made in the USA , have to love that , and very well made . Has taken the Florida heat and rain just fine . I just bought a second one for the front of the house .
 Buy it . you wont regret it . I worked just fine . Killed all the flying things in the house . Long lasting bulb . Just buy extra just in case .
 I got this because my mom wanted a bug zapper I told her it is September you wont be able to use it much longer . She said I want one anyway . SO I got her one . And she already hung it up and is calling me telling me how many bugs she has killed . . Kind of makes me rethink . . um well anyway . . She loves it and thats all that matters . She is pickier then I am and I am picky so it must be good .
 The Flowtron is great at killing the mosquitoes !! I choose this product because it had great reviews on Amazon . After reading the reviews I learned that you have to leave it on 24/7 so that 's what I do . I have n't gotten bite by a mosquitoe since . The mosquitoes were so bad this year that I paid to have an exterminator come and spray the yard . It worked for my 4th of July picnic but the mosquitoes soon returned . I paid 50 dollars for the treatment and the Flowtron was less than 40 and is still working after a month . I 'm sure it will be working for a long time . I have to clean it though . I have n't tackled that yet so I 'm hoping it 's not too hard to clean . I 'm going to buy the replacement bulb and repellent now too . I wanted to try the product before I bought the accessories and I want to buy the accessories before I ca n't find them anymore . I am extemely satisfied with this product and I do recommend it . My only regret is not buying it sooner !
 Our home is on 1 acre of land and , once the rainy season started , the flying insects emerged en masse . We were scheduled to have a large group of family members visit and wanted to be able to enjoy our porch and patio areas without mosquitoes , etc. . Because of the large radius of coverage this unit provides , we were able to hang the Flowtron Insect Killer in our front yard some distance from the house where it is barely noticeable . Once we turned it on , we quickly noticed a significant difference . We were finally able to sit outside in the evenings without having to constantly swat pesky insects . So far , this product is performing as advertised and we highly recommend it !
 Seems to work very well . Would give it five stars but the cord could be a little longer on the main unit . Hair dryer seems to work best on removing the bugs from the main assembly . Delivery was extremely fast .
 It does the job for me i have a small balcony but it gets clog and i do n't really likes the fact that i have to change every month that chemical
 This thing rocks ! I live on a lake and the bugs are horrible at night - they coat my windows trying to get in at the light and opening a door lets in a disgusting tidal wave of various creatures that die overnight and cover my tables and counter tops . However when this baby is running , almost no bugs show up on the windows , even around the corner without a direct line of sight ! There is a non-stop -LRB- literally -RRB- crackle coming from around the corner with bugs meeting their end by the thousands when I have this running at night . Tip
 I Strongly recommend this products over other more exspensive mosquito Killers and traps ... After just five days my family was able to enjoy the backyard from attack!You see the results each and every day ...
 Works great ! Had it for one month and we got our backyard back . Our hottub was unusable near dusk during the summer . We actually used it more in the Winter . The past two weeks we have been in it every night for over an hour with no bites ! The birds sit on the fence and dive when they see sparks . I found that cleaning the grid is easy with long pipe cleaners -LRB- the kind used for crafts -RRB- . Highly recommended . Order was received two days after purchase with free shipping .
 I have three little kids and they love to sit out in the porch and play . Every time they would get mosquitoes bits . After that I did n't allow then to play in the front porch anymore , but they look very sad after I said that . I decided to give this a try . My family was so happy after getting this . It really can catch many insects . Now my kids can place out in the front porch without me worrying about them getting bits . Also it 's very easy to clean . Just use a brush to brush off the dead insects and you 're done .
 Excellent product . Works like a charm . I previously owned another bug zapper that did absolutely nothing . I read the reviews for this one , in search of a bug zapper for my father-in-law . Needless to say , I received my money back for the other bug zapper and purchased this one for myself . I am very pleased with it 's performance : -RRB-
 My husband attracts every bug in town and sitting out with him had been a nightmare as he was permanently being bitten and leaping about trying to avoid them . He also has a mega aversion to moths ! Having read all the reviews I got this one and we are totally thrilled with it . We have a pool so lots of mosquitoes but since using this not one bite ! Machine zaps away and we can now sit outside completely unmolested by bugs and moths . I will be buying another one to go round the front of the house . It also saves a fortune in citronella candles and is much more effective !
 We purchased a cheaper $ 50 EIK from Lowes last year that has already broke . I 'm hoping this one lasts longer . We 've only had this for a few days , but it working great . Some of the EIKs do n't attract the mosquitoes , but at least with the Mosquito attractant , a good portion of the dead insects were mosquitoes . The attractant was full of mosquitoes , so we went ahead and ordered the six pack -LRB- sold for $ 34 on Amazon -RRB- .
 Product arrived quickly but I have yet to try it out . My husband and I live in Minnesota so right now there are no bugs .
 Ok , maybe it do n't kill mosquitoes , which is n't attracted to light.But let me tell you , it is very relaxing to sit out late at night & just hear it a zapping away at all those other pesky flying bugs.Just you & your favorite beverage , watching the sparks fly.And it is really cool to see a frog fry in it , which mine has done on several occassions.And the beautiful moths it will attract.I find these creatures many mornings as I awake , clinging to the wall near the zappper , BEAUTIFUL !
 This is a well built bug killer & works great on moths of all sizes and other insects . Plus , its pretty good about selfcleaning if you have a little wind blowing like here in Oklahoma , but I use a small parts cleaning brush to brush off the really stuck ones . I enjoy my patio and front porch and this Flowtron really helps .
 I had been without a bug killer for a long time . The bugs was so darn bad this year I decided to buy a bag killer . I had one about like this one many years ago , so I thought the expensive new vacuum bug killers would be awesome . Not really . I had to return two bug killers . So I bought this one as I had had in the past . I hung it just off the deck and the next morning dead bugs was all over . This bug killer is the one that is awesome ! I do want to also say I have had nothing but extremely great service with Amazon.com
 Was n't sure whether to go with the 40 or 80 but in the end went with the slightly cheaper 40 as I live in the city rather than on several acres of farmland so mosquitoes were more of an irritant than a `` plague '' . So far it 's been working just fine on the back deck with reassuring zaps at frequent intervals . Overall there are noticeably fewer mosquitoes in the deck area and kids have n't been bitten since I started using it . No real problems with the bars clogging up/needing to clean it and it 's been going pretty steady for a month . Will be interested to see if the attracting power of it diminishes as the ocetol pad wears out with time . I 'd agree with the comments about not putting it too near a door/sitting area and that the cord for it is short so you 'll need an extension cable . Also , it 's worth checking the price against the shipping costs and the delivery times as the price may seem considerably cheaper but some of the companies charge a lot for shipping or have long lead times . I 'm also looking now at a rechargeable zapper for use on my front porch .
 It 's been steadily killing bugs , and NOT getting all clogged up like the one I had from stinger ;-RRB- I 'm not sure how effective it is on mosquitoes , though . I think during Florida 's rainy season it 's hard to control them , even WITH this zapper and the mosquito lure.Of course , it has no way to tell which bugs are `` beneficial '' and which you truly want destroyed , it just destroys them all , just like bug spray does . If you have it close to your house , or you have thin windows -LRB- or keep them open -RRB- , you 'll hear the bugs being zapped , at least the larger ones . But , I 've gotten used to it . It 's worth it to know lots of bugs are getting destroyed ; -RRB- The only reason I 'm not giving this 5 stars is because I do n't think it 's as effective on mosquitoes as I had hoped.Still , I recommend this for anyone who wants relief from flying bugs without having to resort to spraying themselves with bug sprays .
 This unit works great . The only reason I rated it a 4 star is because it does not have a dawn to dusk feature . I bought a separate dawn to dusk timer but I think it should have been included . After all the bugs I want to get rid of come out at night .
 We live on 10 acres -LRB- fairly close to a river -RRB- with a large landscaped lawn area in our backyard . Every summer we had been inundated with mosquitos - until we installed one of these lights . Our original light -LRB- another BK-40D -RRB- is still working but is a bit tired after zapping bugs and mosquitos for the last 7-8 years so we purchased 2 more . One will replace our original light and the other will be placed in a new patio area on the side of the house . These lights work great , last a long time and we 've had no negative issues regarding function or effectiveness .
 I live on a very large lake with lots of bugs . All my neighbors have electronic insect killers in their yards , so I did the same . While my Flowtron killed tons of insects right away -LRB- had to use the blower to clean the lights once a week -RRB- , I did not notice a decrease in biting insects until about 4 weeks later . I am now considering adding another Flowtron on the opposite side of our lot .
 Other than the really short power cord like so many products have , the two we have work just fine . We added a photo sensor so it 's only on at night , saves a lot of power and extends the life of the lamp . A neighbor saw it and bought one for his yard .
 The Flowtron arrived in good time and in good condition . I hooked it up and it started zapping bugs right away . -LRB- Of course my 16 year old son thinks this is great . -RRB- We live in the woods and the bugs we horrible this year , but after two weeks of use we have reclaimed our deck . This thing really works ! It tends to get clogged up with bugs after about a week of use and then we just take an air compressor and blow out the dead bugs . -LRB- A shop vac reverse would do the same thing . -RRB- The only thing that stops me from giving a full 5 stars is the price of the misquote attractors refills . Why they are $ 35 for 6 of them or $ 11 for 1 is beyond me . The price is a little high but not what those propane thing-a-ma-jings cost . Overall I am very pleased . Otherwise I would not take the time to write this review .
 I like the construction , and it appears clogging is not a problem at all . I just wish more mosquitoes liked the zapper . Here in Oregon it has been a fairly cool spring , but if I work outside at dusk I get bitten by two for every one that gets zapped.At the last house we had a Flowtron PV-75a , and that was downright funny . The blower must have been mounted backwards because it actually blew the bugs away . I saw it kill a few moths , but never a mosquito . Needless to say , this one is better than that.I do have some Octenol in there , but that does n't seem to get mosquitos too excited . I 'm hoping as the nights get hotter that things will improve . When it does zap one , it does so with great force . Also , I have it hanging under a second story deck and plan to get it out more in the open.I still would get it again , because I have yet to find anything else that works better .
 Works just as it should , plug it in and it kills the bugs . We plug ours into a timer so all we had to do is find a good spot to hang it and it zaps away .
 I have had the Flowtron BK-80 for about 3 months now . We own a half acre lot with another half next door . We were having a terrible mosquito problem here in the Dallas area this year and had personal experience with the West Nile virus . This zapper has really reduced the mosquitos on our property . After having it on for a month I turned it off during my mowing and did n't turn it back on . My wife started complaining that the mosquitos were coming back after being off for a week . Plugged it back in and the mosquito population went back down . It does not completely elimate all of the mosiquitos but drastically reduces the population . It is bearable now in the back yard where it was n't before without spraying during the day and at night you would be drained of all your blood in a matter of minutes.It appears to be made fairly well . You have to clean it about every 2 weeks but it 's not that hard to clean using a air compressor to blow the dead bugs out . Most of the bugs falls through the wire but some of the bigger ones get hung up . It 's not totally maintenance free but is n't that hard to clean.I would recommend this unit .
 We live near the water and mosquitos are a big problem . Not anymore . The Flowtron 1 acre solved our bug problem and we can sit outside anytime without getting eaten alive .
 we use this inside and out and works great for flies and mosquitoes . defiantly a must when living in the dessert and there 's a million flies in your home . great product would highly recommend
 My wife tells me I never get excited . When I plugged this in for the first time I was giggling like a school girl . It was zapping and popping every bug around . The next morning I had a pile of dead bugs ! Hopefully I can lower Alabama 's bug population with this bad boy .
 I live in southern Texas in a cookie cutter suburb . My neighborhood backs up to acreage plots , and also a water runoff area . When it rains , a couple of days later we get significant amounts of mosquitoes . There are so many sometimes that I can not even go outside to water my plants at dusk as I would get bit a lot . At night time when I would let my dog out to relieve himself , as soon as I would turn on the porch light , swarms of bugs would flock to it . The light is right next to the back door so when I would go back inside , it would let significant amounts of bugs inside.I placed the Flowtron unit away from my home as described by the instructions . I have a .2 x acre lot -LRB- really small ! -RRB- and this unit keeps the bugs away from my back door . I can now let my dog out without being annoyed by the bugs that would come flying back inside with me . The Flowtron seems to be killing quite a bit of insects . Mostly moths , and mosquitos . I have had the unit for 3 days now and have already had to clean the bars once . Some larger bugs do n't get into the unit . I have found some moths the size of humming birds -LRB- ! -RRB- just hanging out around the light not able to get zapped.While reading through the documentation the came with my unit , I found that per Flowtron the bulbs will need to be replaced once a year even if they are still functional . This is because the UV portion of the light wears off . I did n't realize this when I bought my unit . Not a big deal as the unit does an awesome job of killing , but it 's something the consider.TL ; DR - It 's awesome , kills lots of bugs -LRB- except humming bird sized moths -RRB- . Bulbs have to be replaced once a year .
 Recieved this device -LRB- 15 watt Flowtron -RRB- , along with the spare bulb I purchased , and plugged it in 30 minutes ago about eight feet from my favorite couch.It has already zapped well over a dozen bugs . Instead of using chemicals as I have in the past , sought a better way to rid my home interior of bugs . The noise is minimal.Like one reviewer said
 This is my second bug zapper . Took another brand back that did n't work . This zapper is working great , and that 's all thanks to its intelligent design.Some bug zappers have super small entry holes , and then wimpy little electrodes inside . This zapper is designed to let bugs fly in easily , and it has vertical electrodes that zap bugs . This zapper works really well ... in fact the other night it was zapping like crazy because it was hot and the bugs were out . We live in an urban area near a plant nursery , so we 'd always have bugs coming in the back door . Now this zapper kills them and attracts them away from our backdoor . Great product !
 These things really kill bugs . I hate bugs and have no mercy on them . My daughter is violently allergic to mosquitos and looks like we have been burning her with cigarettes after a few bites . The mosquitos had to go ! The beneficials largely fly during daylight and those that do n't better stay away from my yard . Hey guys answer me a question - if mosquitos are n't attracted to light why do the professionals use `` mosquito light traps '' to attract and sample populations ? The light is a white light but it includes the blue spectrum . Google it and see . I am convinced the `` mosquito magnet '' `` sonic web '' makers made up the BS that these do not kill mosquitos . Mine certainly does . I sat out in Memphis TN last night for two hours and did n't get one bite . My arms would have been in constant motion swatting bugs three weeks ago . I had a sonic web last year and it did n't get squat . Thank God for online auctions.These things slaughters bugs . I have two at opposite ends of my house and could n't be happier with them . Now to see if they last.P.s . Get the 80 watt version . Every review on the web touted its bug killing over the 40 watt versions . Also spray your soffit , porches , underside of decks , window overhangs , and shrubs with carbaryl , permethrin , or malathion . -LRB- I know bug lady is probably stroking out now ! -RRB- They have a good residual and will kill daytime roosting mosquitos for up to 3 weeks -LRB- carbaryl or malathion at least -RRB- . Check the regulations in your your area first .
 The first two nights of use , I placed newspaper under the unit to catch most of the insects eliminated by the Flowtron Model 40 . I determined that it does indeed kill mosquitoes . Living in central Texas , this is vitally important to us in order to better enjoy our backyard deck . I did not install the included octenol lure , because experience and expert advice both indicate that this particular attractant actually repels Asian Tiger Mosquitoes , which we have far more of than other species . The Flowtron also kills non-target insects , such as beetles and moths . If you are uncomfortable with this fact , then look at the more expensive units like a Skeeter Vac , which also does a good job on all mosquito species without using attractants . -LRB- If you live in an area without Asian Tigers , try the octenol lure on your unit and determine its efficacy yourself . -RRB- However , moths are a nuisance insect , damaging clothing and leaving caterpillars to eat my plants.I read comments that this unit kills beneficial insects . Being an organic gardener , I have not found any dead beneficial insects -LRB- major species like ladybugs , lacewings , trichogramma wasps , etc. -RRB- under my unit , but I only use it at night , when I observe little or no flying activity by such insects . You will have to make your own determination on this issue as well , if you intend to run the Flowtron during the day . It would be good if there was a Lurex bait for this unit to better attract Asian Tigers , but I did not mark down for this because the unit works as advertised and I am satisfied with its performance as part of my multi-tiered approach to enhancing our back yard enjoyment .
 Length :
 Length :
 We have had the compact size 15 watt Flowtron Electronic Bug Killers for over seven years . And they work very well , and always on guard . We have one in the bedroom and one in the living room and they are kept on 24 hours/day . We recently bought a replacement 15-watt Bug Killer to replace one in which the Ultra-Violet -LRB- UV -RRB- - bulb starter finally failed after many years of faithful service . -LRB- Starter is not customer replaceable and Bug Killer must be shipped to the factory for replacement , so we thought it better to buy a brand new model . -RRB- These Bug Killers are well worth it , and kill those mosquitoes and other biting insects which formerly -LRB- before we had the Bug Killers -RRB- would bite and leave months-long bite infections and scars . We keep an aluminum pan under the Bug Killer , and it is satisfying to see the dead electrocuted insects when we empty the pan . We have not had an insect bite for a long time thanks to these Electronic Bug Killers . We also keep spare UV bulbs on hand as replacements -LRB- we buy the spare bulbs directly from Flowtron -RRB- .
 We live on a farm with many bugs . This unit does a great job . The pile of bugs below the unit in the morning is awesome . We removed the plastic grid so we could clean it with a paint brush daily . The unit looks like it is wearing a wool sock in the morning.In an ordinary situation it is mostly self cleaning , i.e. the elements are vertical so the bugs fall out the bottom.I 'm amazed that the unit is strong enough to keep up with our population.In an ordinary suburbian neighborhood , one unit for every third house would keep the whole neighborhood bug free.To paraphrase Jeff Foxworthy , no greater fun in the country than sitting on the front porch with a six pack watching and listening to the bug zapper .
 We live on 1/2 acre w/2 pools behind our house , so I purched the Flowtron Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges for the Flowtron 80-Watt . This unit has performed wonderfully ! Our family was tired of spraying w/a mosquito repellent just to go outside even for a brief moment w/out being swarmed by mosquitos so this was just what we needed . Best purchase for some relief . Higly Remommended !!
 We replaced an old , larger and broken Sunbeam `` Bug Snapper '' with this unit . This is lighter and easier to handle . We 're in Southern Arizona , so our bug season is just starting . The unit works great , but upon encountering a really big moth it sizzles for as long as ten seconds ... kind of gruesome . If you 're dealing with night-flying insects this is the solution .
 I live in an area of tons of flying insect of all sizes . Being in a rural area , and having some of the only lights on in the area , flying insects come in droves to my house at night . Since putting up this bug zapper , I have seen a noticable decrease in the amount of bugs flying around the outdoor lights , etc. . It really works well !
 First of all , once I re-engineered a known problem with this unit it does the job I want it to do.The best use for this unit is for flying pests OTHER than mosquitos . Most insects are attracted by UV light . But , mosquitos are attracted by Carbon Dioxide . Therefore , they use an Octenal insert to attract mosquitos . I doubt this would be an effective device for 1 acre . I use it in my garage to kill flies that come in . Even then it is only useful IF it is a dark room . A window of any kind will overwhelm the UV capability of this unit until darkness falls.Of course this unit will also attract beneficial insects like bees . Luckily bees are back in their hives at night . If you think this is going to make a nighttime outdoor event pest free , then it is best to move your activity indoors.There are many people that complained about the `` bulb '' not lasting very long . Actually , it is the `` starter '' that is the culprit . For some reason Flowtron uses a `` glowbulb '' type starter . All fluorescent lights must use starters . Engineering 101 here . But `` glowbulbs ' have a very short life span . Mine failed in less than two days of use . It is hidden up under the plastic dome housing . I simply went to Lowes , got a couple of starters for under $ 3 and a starter base off the internet to get rid of the problematic engineering item here . Yeah , Flowtron will sell you NEW glowbulbs . But , those types of starters have long been an obsolete type of starting mechanism for fluorescent lighting .
 I bought the Flowtron to eradicate a large yellow jacket colony located under the vinyl siding of my house . The zapper was used only for the 4 days -LRB- 2 weekends -RRB- that it took to totally wipe out the little buggers . The final death toll numbered in the thousands . The Flowtron did not clog throughout the entire encounter , even though bug bodies were piled high around it . This zapper gets 5 stars for being able to handle intense use over a short period of time .
 Length :
 I read some other reviews suggesting that you can spray the unit with WD-40 so that bugs will be less likely to stick . DO NOT DO THIS . I am not exactly sure what happened but both bulbs exploded several hours later . I think the WD-40 created a layer over the bulb and they overheated . I had also tried what other people suggested by spraying it with cooking spray -LRB- before the WD-40 -RRB- . That was a mistake as well because it became very sticky and had the opposite effect . Just use the zapper as is and clean with and air gun every once in a while .
 Considered purchasing a mosquito fogger type product but opted to purchase the Flowtron BK-15D for the area near our pool . After a week of use I had to use the leaf blower to clean the grids off and could n't have been more excited to do it . Seeing less bugs in general in the back yard and hope it continues to go that way . Also attracted moths and some other random insects . Hopefully when everyone else is complaining about how bad the mosquitoes are here in Texas we will be enjoying our backyard .
 The shipping on this item was great . The Flowtron 40D is performing just as expected . It is being used in a very rural environment and is doing a superb job of eliminating pesky insects .
 I was a bit skeptical about purchasing this product , but it is awesome ! My husband was pretty impressed with this product as well . It zaps all kinds of bugs and at times , it seems to be working over time ! I would definitely recommend this .
 This thing has killed 100 's of thousands of mosquitoes and other insects in my neighborhood and has prevented me from getting bitten more than 1 or 2 times a night . Before I put this up I would walk from my front door to my car and get bitten at least 20 times and now that just does n't happen . A very good investment and has withstood all the weather Utah can throw at it .
 We bought this for use at our cabin in the Thompson Canyon area of British Columbia . What a great form of entertainment having that thing out and just sitting on the deck . Usually , we sit inside to avoid bites , but with this thing we sat unencumbered and enjoyed the evening outside . Works great .
 I bought this July 7th , 2003 and it is still working.I had a Stinger unit once but I gave it to my cousin.Eventhough this unit has supposedly no clogging vertical electrical grids , it does flare up on occasions.When big bugs sometimes get shock , they ca n't move and sometimes happened to be exactly in the middle of the positive and negative electrodes.This unit has power to fry them to a crisp and it can take up to 20 seconds.When they 're already dead but still has moisture in their body parts , electricity flow through them intermittenly until they no longer cause an arc.It usually kills mosquitos , but also various beetles and moths.Like one reviewer said , larger bugs ca n't get through the narrow opening in the plastic grid so it does n't kill them.Well , I 've found a solution for that.If I hang it from a tree branch to about no more than 4 ' from the ground and put a kiddy pool with 4 '' of water in it underneath , they will drop in the water and those who do n't die , the birds will eat them in the morning.That 's what usually happen with the beetles here in Dallas.I do n't know the name for them but they are about the size of a dime from the smallest to a quarter for the largest and they have a color of dark copper or dark bronze.The adult lay eggs in the dirt then they become larva and finally full grown beetles in the spring.It attracts the most in mid spring around May -LRB- 300 to 400 a night -RRB- and the number goes down to 10 to 20 by the time it gets hot in July.The birds eat them at dawn and it 's good for the environment too because you do n't have to use chemicals.All these times , I had to replace the ballast -LRB- $ 27 from mosquito-zapper dot com -RRB- and 4 bulbs.You can tell when the bulbs are on but it 's not zapping.You have to cut some wires but if you take the top cover off , you can compare the old and new ballast to see how it was installed.Just make sure you connect them right.The bulbs designed for Stinger work in this Flowtron but they do n't last as long , maybe a year or so.Now I only buy Flowtron factory bulbs.There 's a discontinued model Flowtron 14044 that you can still buy from Flowtron 's website that has a built-in timer and a photocell . `` Programmable Modes
 I have my zapper about 6 feet high per instructions attached to a tree in a open area of my yard.Best way to CLEAN zapper is to use my yard blower when I do yard work . -LRB- or some canned air would work -RRB- . I would not use this unit indoors.DO NOT USE WATER TO CLEAN !! AS SOME JOKER STATED IN PAST REVIEW !! IT 'S ELECTRICITY PEOPLE !
 I got so annoyed by mosquitos blood sucking my legs when I wanted to enjoy a BBQ on my patio so I decided to make the purchase and get the 1/2 acre bug zapper . I can happily report , this thing works like a charm ! Make sure you place it around 25 feet away from you since the device actually has scent to attract the bugs to it then it gives them a quick lightning death . Even after a month I still snicker and laugh when I hear ` buzz ... zap ! ' ... maybe its my built up anger from all those mosquitos thinking they could outsmart my citronella candles and feast on my skin or maybe I have a sick sense of humor , but it is funny . This thing works great and can be entertainment for some !
 The 15watt version of the Flowtron is a very amazing device , I have a 1.2 acre back yard . Living in the middle of the country side in Ontario , Canada . I currently switched from a Stinger bug zapper -LRB- The grid died 5 months into having it , wont be buying another Stinger -RRB- . Mosquitoes are extremely bad this season with all the humidity . I can say that when I went outside with a flashlight to view the progress of the new Flowtron unit , there was hundreds of them dead under the unit on the ground mixed with other insects and inside the unit itself . The attractant does work wonders . Octenol does work for attracting the mosquitoes to the grid , my unit is proof of that . I wanted to see how many I could kill in one night and the ground was looking covered already . The next morning I could n't get an accurate reading on how many were fried since the ants carried off half the bodies lol . In the unit though there were literally hundreds of blown apart mosquito bodies , looked like an insect massacre . The part I mentioned earlier about the ants however , was very beneficial . We have ant problems , there always looking for food , now we have no problems with ants in the home since they have found a delicious new food source . Flowtron makes great cooked meals for those ant workers on the night shift lol .
 My yard had so many mosquitoes and beetles in it last year I couldnt go in the yard to play with my kids or talk to the neighbors because we'ed get ate up . So I went to home depot and got a stinger brand 1/2 acre and it would get cloged with bugs and didnt do the job . So I took it back and looked here on amazon and found the flowtron 80 watt 11/2 acre zapper and got it for my last try . It works , it zaps the hell out of bugs and mosquitoes . Love it . My next door neighbor got one to because he saw it working so go . So now were tag teaming the bugs and let me tell you , we can go outside again with out getting bit all the damn time now . Just remember you do need a extention cord and it must be at least 25 foot away from you or your just bringing bugs right to you . Also I find it best to hang on a shepperds hook .
 I purchased this a few weeks ago and absolutly love it . We live in the contry on a 2 acre lake with a pool in between our back porch and lake . This Flowtron BK-80 does an awesome job on the bugs . I have not even used the insect attractant yet . We can set outside and not be bothered with bugs .
 Doing a good job , installed one in the garden , we definitely have less mosquitoes . However it kills all kind of insects , probably some are beneficial for garden -LRB- not sure in that , just a guess -RRB- . I also tried indoor for a few days -LRB- not recommended by manufacturer -RRB- , it killed most of the mosquitoes , but there was always one that preferred us over the light.I gave 4 stars because of the high cost of the mosquito lure replacement stickers and the lack of 100 % efficiency.Still , I would suggest it to buy , far better than anything else we tried .
 For the first few evenings of use , I had the Flowtron 80 hanging from a Shepard 's Hook that had once held a flowering plant . This placed the unit about four feet off the ground and the kill rate , while acceptable , was not a great success . It should be higher and mobile . I rescued an old deck umbrella holder and piece of PVC pipe about eight feet long , a 90 degree fitting and another piece of PVC approximately twelve inches long . Screw a small eyebolt into the short piece of PVC and there it stands . A moveable Flowtron 80 holder . The electronic device is working properly , attracting and zapping each bug that comes within it 's zone of influence . After I worked the `` bugs '' out , I also used the other reviewer 's suggestion to enlarge the openings , this is a bug killing machine ... Lynn , in Nashville ...
 This is the best bug zapper I have ever seen . It has cleaned out most all of the nighttime bugs in my 3 + acre yard which is surrounded by woods and a creek . My bats are n't too happy due to the major decrease of thier buffet every night !!!! This light has surveved several strong thunderstorms with heavy rain , lightening , and strong winds ... While still plugged in ! Would reccommend this light to anyone who is serious about ridding their yard of bugs !!! A + + +
 I installed this bug zapper last month about 300 ft from my horse barn . I have seen a dramatic decrease in insects and an improvement in the amount of irritation on my horses skin from insect bites . I am considering purchasing a second one for the goat barn .
 The Flowtron 80D is best in the Electronic insect killer category -LRB- I believe I have owned most of them -RRB- . A competitive line by Stinger is totally useless , and `` non zapper '' types are also useless . Mosquito-magnets using a CO2 based trap are a pain to maintain , but also work well.However the Flowtron has two shortcomings
 After looking and looking and reviewing the internet and all the different prices out there I decided on this one for killing mosquitos . Am I glad I did . The first nite I hung it right on the deck close to the house and the next morning there were a pile of dead bugs including moths and lots of mosquitos . So I left it there for a week and than moved it 25 ft. from the house . I can honestly tell you this thing works because I live on the edge of a swamp and before I had this I couldnt even think of sitting on my deck . And it lights up the whole back yard . Very happy with the product .
 I 'm really happy with this product ! As soon as it was delivered , I said to the driver , I have been waiting for that ! I immediately installed it and since then it 's been zapping away the annoying mosquitoes ! May wife used to be a mosquito magnet , but unfortunately I ca n't use her as bait for the zapper ! LOL ! So the Octenol lure will have to do.Now in the evening all you hear is the zapping and the noisy treefrogs in the woods . Good Stuff !
 This year , probably due to all the rain , we have had a huge problem with moths . The first night I put this out , I could n't believe the pile of dead moths that were killed during the night . The second night , the pile was only have the size , but I do n't see any more moths anywhere . This did a fantastic job and would recommend to anyone .
 We hung this up according to the directions in the box . It works well and we have been delighted with it . However , our dogs are probably more delighted since they are no longer bothered by as many flies.Birds also like it as they eat the dead bugs that fall onto the ground out of the bug killer .
 Tried a cheap one first . Lasted a month and died . Should have just bought this in the first place .
 After installing this , we still saw some mosquitos in the yard and did n't think this was doing anything at first . Then it was out of service for a week -LRB- not a defect , the pole I had hung it on fell down in the wind -RRB- and we were suddenly overrun with mosquitos . So overall , it definitely helps but it may not get rid of all your bugs .
 Before buying this zapper , I was considering buying one of the more expensive mosquito vacuums or traps . Most of those have mixed reviews , and cost in excess of $ 30 - $ 40 per month for propane and bait . I decided to give this a try first , since it 's about 1/5 the cost initially - and only a few bucks a month to operate . I was pleasantly surprised . It is a simple setup , just hang it and plug it in -LRB- note , there 's no pole included - but you can pick up a ` shepherds hook ' at a local garden/hardware store -RRB- . The optional octenol cartridge seemed confusing to install from the instructions , but really all you do is stick them to the bottom of the unit . Since the first time I plugged the unit in , it has constantly been zapping bugs . Granted , it is not discriminate - but there are definitely a lot of dead mosquitos piled under it every morning . We 've had it for a month now , and it has n't completely eliminated the mosquitos - but it has definitely thinned them out . I am hoping next season will be much better as I 'll start using it in the early spring . I have also dropped the unit once , and it fell into the side of the house once - and it still works ! Overall a very simple , affordable , and effective solution to mosquito problems .
 We live in Northern California . We do n't have many mosquitoes where we live but tons of gnats . When it comes on at night it goes to town killing gnats . Not to sure on the reproduction rate of gnats but it has thinned them out . For gnats it works really well . At times you think it might catch on fire with all the zapping going on . A + + + for gnats for sure WOW !!!!!
 I 've completed 3 weeks using the Model 15D , works great ! , there is no need to buy the Octenol package to atracts mosquitos , since the light is enough to atract bugs , however this device does not atract bugs during the daylight only at night , which is ok , since you need to sleep well . Its a shame it does not work with bees , I have a bee hive in my yard , and have many problems with african bees and so on but it does not atract those bugs . I put the flowtron near my jacuzzi which is in my yard and works great , however dont put it far from the place you want to protect , since its not enough to kill all the bugs of the area , I also place it inside my house , works nice . I truly recommend this product
 This thing appears to work . It does not guarantee you will not be bitten , but it guarantees that you will not be bitten AS MUCH ! After the rubbishy Danatrap it has been a God Send.Yes , I would recommend it , but it is expensive to run . Octenol lures are not cheap and you definitely need them , replacement lamps are expensive and then there is the cost of running the thing day and night from spring to winter so you have that to add to your electricity bill.If you suffer as much as I do from mosquito bites you will gladly budget for this gadget , it makes life bearable , and sitting or working in the garden pleasurable again.UPDATE
 Pro 's
 We live in an area surrounded by woods and wetlands , and the mosquitos have ferocious appetites . We could n't go out once the sun started to go down ! I bought the Flowtron BK-80D insect killer with 11/2 acre coverage and we put it out 3 days ago . Last night we were able to sit in are private park without being bitten ! I am ordering 2 more for our property , as we have seven acres of lawn , an half acre pond and 30 acres of wet woods . About 200 acres of wet woods is across the street from us , also . Our kids each have 2 acres of land that we gave them connected to ours , so I am buying them each one so that we can go between the houses at night without being eaten by mosquitos , bombarded by moths and covered in leaf hoppers . This thing gets them all . I just wish it came with more attractant ! I would recommend this insect killer to anyone that has n't been able to enjoy their outdoors in the evening because of insect problems . This seller was fast shipping and had great packaging . I am happy and enjoying my park in the evenings now !
 Only had it about a month , cleaned off many bugs several times , buying another one .
 After much online , and local shopping for an insect eliminater we bought the BK-80D ... The unit is large , and effective ... I plugged it into a heavy duty dusk to dawn outdoor timer , and the result has been good ... I 'm not sure if a mosquito vacuum , or trap would have been better , but this unit is pretty straight forward in design ... It just Attracts , and Kills insects by the thousands ... ~ Bottom Line ~ We can go outside wearing shorts again without getting eaten alive ...
 This is my second unit . My first one I bought almost 20 years ago . It lasted a long time and finally gave up the ghost . This new model is very similar , with a few refinements in the bulb design and the cage.We set ours on a outdoor Christmas Tree timer . It comes on at dusk and turns off 4 hours later . On a warm night , you can hear bugs crackling every few seconds . It 's a non-stop orchestra of bugs that will not be landing on me or my kids and taking blood samples .75 watts for 4 hours is a reasonable price to pay for this satisfaction .
 Product works great . Shipped fast with eveything included . Hung it on my patio to get rid of flies . Have over 1/2 acre of land . Only a couple left since I installed it . Only bad thing , it does n't have a tray underneath . I clean dead bugs off my patio everyday . It not only takes care of flies but all bugs .
 Flowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2-Acre CoverageThis Flowtron Insect Killer draws the bugs and zaps them very effectively and is much easier to clean the dead insects out than many on the market today . It is a very good buy for the price . John Maggard
 Purchased the Flowtron BK-40D and was a bit skeptical since reviews seemed mixed . Used it for the first time for the 4th of July and WOW , it worked great . At times the thing was more amusement watching than the fireworks . Clean up in the morning was easy , just took compressor and blew out the dead bugs . Not sure about the mosquito attractant cartridges work . It comes with one but did n't seem to work at all but once night came the light surely did attract the bugs . I would n't waste the money on these cartridges but it does come with one and you can try it out.But after the Flowtron BK-40D passed the test last night , think i 'll be buying a second one !
 Live behind a woods . Have had for about 1 month . So far , so good . Love to here that zap .
 After reading other reviews , I ordered this zapper for our yard . Our property is approximately 2 acres and we have a small pond so there have always been a lot of bugs . Summers are hard on our outside dogs because of the great numbers of flies and mosquitoes . I put this bug zapper on a shepherd 's hook in the yard near the house about halfway between the pond and the dog kennel and plugged it into a dusk/dawn timer . TA DA - NO BUGS !!! All summer long , the thing goes crazy at dusk and the few hours after . When it gets full , we simply blow it clean with the air compressor . The dogs are happy and we 're able to enjoy sitting on our deck in the evenings . I have n't even had any problems with bugs while mowing the entire yard . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 This worked out well for mr in a smaller space . Would be good for a porch or smaller room . It does have a slight hum and you can smell a little ozone because of the small area . It zapped gnats , misquitos and some flys . Great for the price .
 The productFlowtron BK-80D 80-Watt Electronic Insect Killer , 1-1/2 - Acre Coverageworks well . I think after using the product that I could have used the 15w modelFlowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2-Acre Coveragejust as effectively . My only complaint was that a bulb burnt out almost immediately but the unit functions well with the remaining bulbs .
 Well , it 's a bug zapper , and it does it 's job , it zaps bugs , we use it indoors for a gnat problem , you just need to put a bucket or something underneath it so the bugs do n't just fall on your carpeting/floor .
 I like to sit on my front porch . It is my favorite pasttime . However , it seems that I am a delicious meal for some of the pesky mosquitoes and flies that like to visit from time to time . I have multiple allergies and can not really tolerate the anti bug sprays such as Off . Enter the Flowtron insect killer . It has been a good alternative for me . I hung this product at the end of my porch and the ZZSST of this machine tells me that it is working to capacity . My small world is much more comfortable . Have one on my back deck also . Would recommend this to everyone .
 There are a number of bug zappers for sale . I have a flowtron that is 12 years old and still works perfect . I needed a second one for the other side of the house and I could not find a flowtron locally so I bought abother brand . It hardly drew any bugs to it and when it did there was no way for them to fall out through the bottom . I took it back and got another brand , same problem except it would n't zap them enough to kill them . I took it back and ordered the flowtron from Amazon . It is in use and just like the one on the other side of the house works perfect . Do n't waste your money on wan na be bug zappers , these are the best and last a long long time . I have the original bulb in the 12 year old unit .
 The insect killers seem to work well . I replaced two Stingers ; one was only about six months old and the other about a year and a half . These used to be good products , but now are unreliable.One of the Flowtrons came with minor damage , but the factory quickly sent a new part . So far I am satisfied , but time will tell if these are any better than the Stingers in the long run .
 Ok I was a little skeptical because I have ordered two seperate types of bug zappers from stingers that I bought at farming store . One had a vacuum on it the other one was more the traditional bug zapper . Both quit working after a light rain and they are hanging underneath a covered deck . Well after seeing over 40 bites on my son 's back from playing in the yard for half an hour I bought this one from Flowtron . Indiana is in the middle of a big heat wave and we have had one day of rain here that was really isolated to about a 10 square mile area . We were at the grocery store and did n't rain at all but 25 mins away at our house we got 2 inches of rain in 25 minutes . This zapper stayed on and is working great . It has killed so many mosquitoes these past three weeks !! It does clog up a little for us but that is because the zapping is almost non stop at night . We do still occasionally get bit once in a while but that is the price of living in the country . We actually have 5 acres but two are cut off by a deep -LRB- well its down from 5 ft to 1 ft now -RRB- creek . To provide support for our beloved zapper we are also looking into adding a bat house on the two acers we are letting grow wild for the deer out here . Each bat eats over a thousand bugs per minute so would make another nice dent in the mosquito population . Be careful though , bats houses with screen coverings for allowing the bats to hang on can kill baby bats so do your homework on bat houses . Together though I expect no more massive mosquito attacks which is good since the asian tiger mosquito which is a more aggresive biter is now in Indiana . My husband who shook his head when I told him what I bought told me that it was definatly worth it , and that is coming from a Scottish Banker !
 This is the third Flowtron bug zapper I bought -LRB- this same model -RRB- . It kicks butt . I tried Mosquito Magnets -LRB- too much wind in my area and that makes the MM ineffective , or at least it did for me -RRB- . I also tried less powerful zappers but they get clogged up and do n't have the zap power of this unit . My original Flowtron ran for three years , then something happened to the electrical system and it stopped powering the zapper part - this may be because I cut out some of the horizontal bars to let larger bugs get in and die . I immediately ordered a replacement Flowtron , but still plan to fix the original -LRB- parts are available on the internet -RRB- . Additionally I bought another one to help out number 2 -LRB- I live next to 50 acres of marshland so I 've got mosquitos by the millions -RRB- . Pros - Has little compartments for mosquito lure to be inserted . Kills thousands of mosquitos and other bitey bugs every night . Construction is good and solid , but still must handle with care . Replacement parts are easily available . Price is n't bad considering the performance . Worth every penny.Cons - if you cut out bars to let in big bugs , it is LOUD when it zaps them and this may shorten the lifespan of the zapper . But honestly , the sound of those bugs getting zapped is music to my ears.I ca n't list this as a con , but it kills so many bugs that I have to use my compresser blow it clean quite often . If they could figure out some type of self cleaning mechanism , I would go for that in a heartbeat . As it is , every morning the birds are all over and under mine eating dead bugs -LRB- they 're on dusk to dawn timers so no fried bluejays -RRB- .
 I hung an 80 watt Flowtron on the east side of my combo 10 ` x10 ` x8 ' screen house/grape arbor and a 40 watt Flowtron on the west side . They keep zapping bugs from 8PM to 4AM . This pair works much much better than the 100 watt Stinger they replaced ! In the past many years , mosquitoes , gnats , deer-flies and greenies bit me multiple times daily when tending my garden . I 've suffered only a few bites , total , in the past month and have probably helped my abutting neighbors also . Thank you Flowtron !
 I bought the Flowtron BK-40D on June 26 , 2012 from Amazon.com . From the day I put it up in my back yard it has been full of mosquito 's . There have been so many I have been cleaning the Flowtron out every day . I use the Octenal Mosquito Attractant which must help a lot . I just wish I would have bought one of these years ago .
 This item does a pretty good job of reducing the problem of pesky mosquitos in my backyard . I no longer fear going outside in the summer to enjoy my yard . This device does n't completely eliminate mosquitos , but it does a good job of getting most of the -LRB- along with other bugs too -RRB- . I have n't had to clean it yet so I ca n't comment on what that 's like . The only problem I 've had was minor in that I had to figure out a good location for it due to other bugs converging on the area for an easy meal .
 The bug zapper is doing its job well in our horse barn . The old one died and this replacement -LRB- brand new -RRB- is performing well . The fact that it 's made in the U.S.A. makes it just that much better .
 I purchased the Flowtron BK-80D from Amazon and I must say after using it for 4 hours I can actually turn on my porch light and theres no bugs near the porch or light . The BK-80D is a solid performer can see a major difference with this unit compared to the last bug zapper I purchased -LRB- Stinger -RRB- . The `` zapping '' sound out of the BK-80D is not as loud as I expected sounds like a much more commercial unit compared to normal home bug zappers . Within 4 hours of running it I would say it already took out at least 50-100 mosquitoes , moths , and other bugs that you might not want flying around your outside living area.Note on shipping : Went with Amazon 's free shipping and it took much longer than desired . Do not go with their free shipping if you want this item within a week . Those days that you are waiting to receive this item and it is still in shipment are days you could be removing flying pests from your yard . Upgrade the shipping to something faster - its worth it for how well this device performs .
 We purchased this to put on my porch and it works great . It says it works for up to an acre but we have it on a 150 sq ' porch and i love it . we all sit around drinking and watching the bugs fry . you should vacuum out the bottom once in a while if you have it sitting on a table otherwise the bugs will start to build up . i have been running this non-stop since i got it about 3 weeks ago and i have had no problems at all . I would highly recommend it .
 it paid for its self many times over and still is.we were infested when night time bugs as well as our neighbors , no one could sit out at night , now every one near us is enjoying our zapper , and thanking us we got it.now there are 3 in our neighborehood , thanks flowtron for such a good product . bill woodard
 Here is a link to where you can find the replacement bulb for the Flowtron BK-80D . $ 16.95 per bulb . Not near as much as others had suggested . Our last bulb lasted 1 year of constant use . They should be changed 1 time per season for most effective control . -LSB- ... -RSB- They also have any other part you may need .
 This bug zapper has definately served it 's purpose so far . It is very quiet until the bugs start flying in and getting zapped .
 The flowtron bug zapper is amazing , it fries those unwanted pest instantly . I would definately recommend this product.This unit works like it is suppose to .
 We have had a bug zapper for the last few years but it finally quit . Got this and it 's perfect for gettng the mosquitos . We put in under our deck and we can sit out there all night and not get a bite . Our neighbors have said that it 's helped them also .
 Ordered two of these Flowtron units recently when the local stores had none . They make a real difference in the mosquito population . Every day or two I have to take them down & blow clean with compressed air as they are solid with dead insects . Have just ordered a third identical unit so obviously I am a satisfied customer .
 Love my new bug zapper . Easy to clean -LRB- should clean about every day -RRB- I just shake all the bugs out.It kills about 200 or more bugs every night so no more bugs bites at my house ! :-RRB- Its pretty entertaining too . lol
 ... and fries the bejezus out of various flying insects . I have it connected to a photosensor so that it activites at dusk -- works beautifully -LRB- I have yet to try the mosquito attractant , but it can only enhance the performance -RRB- . Only practical issue is the unit hangs slightly off balance due to the weight and awkward placement of the power cord .
 Ordered two of these . Arrive very quickly . Well packed . The right tool for the job of taking care of the flying insects that are prevelant out in the desert .
 As advertised , this bug zapper does a fantastic job of keeping moths , mosquitoes , and other flying insects away from my doors and windows . We live in a wooded area and we are bombarded with insects from March through November . After the sun goes down , the bugs flock to our windows to bask in the glow of our indoor lighting . As soon as we open the door to let the dog out , WHOOSH , all those bugs come inside . Moths , beetles , katydids , you name it . The Flowtron keeps those guys away from the house ! It 's also nice to enjoy our deck again without being bombarded by all the critters . An excellent product !
 This thing is awesome . I have a larger and similar type but this one kills many times more pesky bugs . My wife wants me to get another one so I will shortly . Excellent product .
 I have owned one of these units before and its still working after many years and a few bulb replacements . The bulbs should be replaced yearly for optimum performance . This unit does the job ! The 40-watt size does n't work as well . I started out ordering 2 - replacement bulbs for my current unit from Amazon at a total cost of around $ 36 . I ordered the bulbs and then realized that the cost of a new unit INCLUDING BULBS was $ 55 . What a deal . I ordered the new unit and donated the still working old unit . I highly recommend this product . I live in California and the bug problem is not as bad as on the East coast . However , I spend time in my backyard relatively flying insect free .
 This thing is nothing less than AMAZING !!! I 've had several different and even more expensive zappers and they never worked like this one ! Other reviewers said they had a pile of dead bugs below this thing and it is 100 % TRUE ! I 'm not saying the yard is bug free ... lets face it ... nothing short of a nuclear explosion is going to make your yard completely bug free ... so be realistic in your expectations . And , do n't think this is `` overkill '' if you have a smaller area than the 11/2 acre coverage area stated . The lower models are designed differently and it lowers the efficiency . JUST GET THIS ONE !! You wo n't be sorry !
 We bought this product in the hope to get rid of mosquitoes so we can enjoy outdoors in our backyard after so many trials of various products . This is the only one among all we tried that really works . The only concerns are the potential negative impact to human body and power consumption .
 I bought the bug zapper from Amazon . The major problem I noticed was they do not have a box the right size to ship it in so they throw a little packing in one end of a box and the item slides around as the packing settles . I consider this the kiss of death to many products this is most likely why this product has any bad reviews due to malfunctions and such . I am the unlucky protector of a colony of feral cats due to vacant house next door . Flies are attracted to dry cat food so I bought it for fly control . As I sat it down for the first time by the bowls it went off 2 time prior to hitting the floor . I thought it was malfunctioning from moving it but I had my first two kills . Within 15 minutes they were gone . It 's a bug terminator or the grim reaper of the insect world . My wife is not into buying on line like me but after the first hour she asked if I had bought one for the back door . I told her I though buying to was a bit extravagant she demanded a second one to be ordered . So I have 2 both work perfect no problems at all . The zapper says its self cleaning this is due to bugs fall out the bottom of the cage . I worked with some Brits in a aircraft hangar . At night the lights would attract bugs they had the habit of calling larger bugs animals . There are some big ass bugs in the deep dark of night it gets them also . So some get jammed in the cage and you have to move them around with a stick to help them fall out -LRB- unplug the unit if you do n't you soon understand why -RRB- . Several others thing I noticed about the zapper . Raccoons would eat the cat food but it seems coons ca n't keep hands off anything -LRB- I call their front paws hands -RRB- they wo n't get near it now . I seen bug I thought only lived in the jungle . Then the little I guess sugar ants carry the dead bugs off to eat . The zapper going off is a nice sound to me now . I really enjoy it much more that I ever thought could be possible . I hardly ever give anything 5 stars but this one gets 5 .
 dont bother with buying cheapy models at wally and big hardware stores they are no comparison , this thing is so powerful bugs aint got a chance , it will smoke bugs in a flash , jus like the kind grandpa had back in the day . put it out and sit back n relax and watch this thing work its magic , it will amaze u at how many bugs it attracts n kills.best zapper i have found .
 This is my second one . Dropped the first one from patio ceiling . Still worked but lid would not stay on after that . Became a hazard since I could only keep on the floor . Everything under the housing is metal and designed to last . Covered in bugs , its days were numbered . Also , my house plants are thriving under the blue light .
 We had a similar `` bug zapper '' years ago . The old one quit working after many summers of use so when we found this one , thought we would give it a try . We had n't been able to find one in the stores . It hangs out by the shed and snaps and crackles every night of the summer months . We actually have to close our bedroom window because it works so hard . We live in North Dakota and our main objective is to get rid of those pesky and virus-carrying mosquitoes . Of course it ca n't get them all , but the mosquito population has been reduced significantly . One problem is getting the `` fried '' bugs cleaned off the unit so it works with 100 % proficiency . You ca n't bang it or shake it so we use a low pressure air hose to gently blow the bugs out - which is kind of a pain . The birds gather around the ground under the zapper and have a feast of barbequed bugs every morning ! Overall it does what it 's supposed to do so both the birds and the humans are happy .
 This product is great . Takes care of mosquitos . So far we are happy with the purchase .
 We just received this unit this week , and can already note an improvement in our yard . We have used dunks for some water gardens we have , and have been impressed with the Flowtron unit thus far . A lot of dead mosquitoes every morning . We hook it up to an outdoor timer and run the unit automatically from dusk to dawn . It will take about three weeks for all the eggs to hatch and mature then we 'll see a great reduction in mosquitoes.It 's been a very wet in North Texas and we have a bumper crop this year . Am going to explore mixing up some hot pepper and garlic -- recipes are available online as a barrier . We hope a combination on factors can help rid us of a heavy mosquito population . Have not noticed any beneficial insects on or under the grids.We compared brands and sizes and selected this one due to reviews of others on Amazon . Recommend the bigger wattage for better attraction of flying insects -- with mosquitoes being our main target .
 We have had this unit for approximately three months now and could not be happier . It has allowed us and our 2 year old to return to the backyard without getting eaten up by bugs . We also were very concerned about the mosquitos and our 2 year old . This unit has performed wonderfully . She gets no bites from being outdoors . There are little to no insect activity for the entire time the unit is active . We have the unit mounted 50 ' from the deck and on a timer . It operates only when we are outside , so 6-11 pm . I am not sure about the octenol cartridges . I have had mine in since May ann the unit zaps as many today as the first , with an emphasis on mosquitos . We ran an extension cord around the fence to the zapper and put the timer on the outlet at the back of the house . Next year I will trench a permanante electrical connection.We also decided to opt for the 11/2 acre versus the 1 acre model . I am glad we did that . It really is n't that large of a unit and handles the insect population quite nicely . The unit is designed well and allowes for all insects that need zapping to enter the unit and fall out the bottom once eliminated . As other raters have said , the occassional leaf blower takes care of any remaining debris . I highly recommend purchasing this unit . You will note be disappointed .
 Good stuff!This unit will really lower the amount of annoying bugs you 'll have in your area -- The Mosquito attractant seems to work okay , but you 'll likely still need to go for some type of redundancy in your actual sanctuary if mosquitos are your primary target . When nobody is outside I imagine the Flowtron looks pretty good to a Mosquito , but when you 're outside with the unit I think they still opt for the tastier less deadly humans.Overall a great product and American made to boot !
 This is a great product . It has made our yard liveable and do n't get bother with bugs . Its a lot safer than spraying for bugs .
 I purchased this zapper to help cut down on the cloud of mosquitoes that was trying to eat us alive every time we steped out the back door . I am happy to say that since I installed this last week , no one in my family has gotten bitten a single time . But I could only give it four stars for the moment for some issues which I will list below : Pros
 First , I do not work for Flowtron nor am I a professional reviewer . I am simply someone who lives on 1-3/4 acres in a rural area where the main problem is leafhoppers . My wife and I would go outside to work or relax and the dang things would get everywhere ; in your eyes , ears , nose , mouth , hair and clothes . They were relentless . We also have a lot of other kinds of bugs.I bought the 1/2-acre model several years ago before we moved from our house on a small lot in the city and it has never quit . We still use it in addition to this one and it works just as well.This unit is a godsend ! Contrary to what others have said about not liking the noise , I actually enjoy it . It tells me that it 's working . -LRB- We have another of a different brand , and it does n't work well at all -RRB- When I first put this one up , I had n't taken more than two steps -LRB- barely got down off the ladder -RRB- when it started zapping . The first several nights it would zap almost continually all night long ; thousands of dead bugs . I have to -LRB- gladly -RRB- clean out the 1/2-acre unit with compressed air twice a day ; once early in the evening -LRB- or the next morning -RRB- and once before going to bed . This model I only hve to occasionally clean , mainly only after heavy usage.Over the course of time , the noise has subsided , but not because of any problem with the zapper . It was because there are markedly fewer bugs.I would highly recommend this model -LRB- or any Flowtron Electronic Insect Killer -RRB- to anyone who wants to enjoy outside life in the evenings again !
 Great Electronic Insect Killer ! It attracts and kills Florida yellow flies . See picture of killed yellow flies . Killed everyone -LRB- 10 -RRB- in my garage in one hour . I now have two BK-80D mounted outside and they are a doing great job of killing yellow flies and mosquitoes .
 Like others have stated it works good . Just wish it was quieter but what was I expecting . Got to buy another one for my other property .
 Until I purchased the Flowtron Bug Zapper we could not be outside after 5:00 pm , the mosquitoes would chew us up . Since installing the Flowtron now we can once again enjoy our backyard in the evening hours . IT REALLY WORKS !!!!!! Has a very short plug in cord , making it a challange to put up . If your tired of spraying , dusting , swatting , I highly recommand this product . Worth every penny ! I chose the 11/2 acre just because I felt the bigger the better and I glad I did .
 Like the instructions say , you do n't want to put this thing near where your sitting because it attracts a ton of bugs . It took it a few days to cut down on the mosquito population - mosquitoes are n't attracted to the light but to a small thing that attaches to the bottom . Also it does a wonderful job getting rid of the pesky insects that hover around the exterior lights at night .
 Got this one since the reviews on this make were mostly positive . Works quite well in fact . Yes , it does have a buzz sound to it , but I have yet to experience a bug zapper that is silent . They all make a buzz sound , but you have to be within about 12 feet of it to really hear the buzzing sound this one makes . It 's not that bad . It looks good -- like a sort of lantern , but most importantly , it zaps the bugs . Did n't mess with the included mosquito patch since I noticed that it does take out mosquitos as well -LRB- I put a piece of cardboard underneath this unit while hanging it about two feet above -- this just to see if mosquitos were being zapped -RRB- . The patch thingy needs replacement after 30 days anyway . I 'll probably get another one of this same wattage . Ca n't comment on it 's lonegvity since I 've only had it a week , but I like it .
 I live in the woods of KY and with a waterfall and pond ... the mosquitos eat us alive ... I ordered this thinking that it would help ... hopefully ... we purchased this in 2009 ... and it is fantastic . finally we can sit out in the evening on the deck with any mosquitos !! Well worth the price ! Just have to keep the octinal replaced every few months ...
 I have an acre and this does a good job of attracting/eliminating the annoying insects . The only complaint so far is I had to turn it off during a major thunderstorm because it continued zapping due to the rain blowing into the housing . I 've owned other zappers and have never had this problem .
 i am verry happy with my flowtron BK15D elect insect killer 1/2 acre coverage , it is unbelivable how many bugs it kills in one night . easy to clean and install the sent packs . i will enjoy this unit for many years thank you . pete j.
 I bought this after reading that such devices can be used to control wax moths in rooms where wax honey bee combs are stored . I 'm quite pleased and have not experienced the clogs reported by another reviewer . The only drawback , which is a general one with such items , is the amount of energy it must be consuming . I am thinking of putting it on a timer to deal with this problem and I should not need to use it year-round .
 For years my wife and I lived without any kind of bug protection . We immediately noticed a difference after hanging this off of our furtherest point on our deck . It is very hard not just to stop and listen to it because it truly does attract and zap every bug that swarms to it . This thing is super effective and will probably come with us on future camping trips.Our neighbors are ordering the same one as well it is so effective . I highly recommend this product and can not say enough good things ... great deal !!!
 The Flowtron BK-40D works great hanging from a tree thirty feet behind my house on a waterfront lot . I plugged mine into a timer to turn on at sundown and run for three hours . It attracts bugs away from the house -LRB- lights -RRB- and zaps them , so sitting on the back porch or going in and out at night is much more pleasant for us humans . And , there are fewer spiders webs around the house and fewer bugs in them.I clean off the bug parts once or twice a week . Compressed air works very well for that , and there are other ways which I 'm sure are not recommended.The cats were spooked at first by the zapping sound , but got used to it quickly.I 'll buy another BK-40D for the front yard .
 GOT IT FOR POOL DECK AND IT 'S WORKING GREAT , TY FOR ANOTHER GREATPRODUCT , KEEP U8P THE GOOD WORK
 SO FAR , IT HAS BEEN A GOOD BUG LIGHT , ONLY HAD IT FOR A WHILE MUCH BETTER THAN THE STINGER I HAD BEFORE.I ALSO GOT ONE FOR MY SON , AND HE LOVES IT .
 This zapper works better than expected . The light draws bugs from all around so just place it away from where you are and your bug free . The plastic cage keeps the larger bugs from touching the electric core . Provides endless enjoyment to watch the bugs touch it . Highly recommend it .
 It definitely works when flies are attracted to it . You should be aware though that not all flies are attracted to the UV light it emits . So those wo n't be eliminated . which is good if you plan to use it outdoors . You care to kill mosquitoes only , I hope . Anyway , if you plan to use it indoors to kill other flies , it may or may not work . Check to see if your particular fly is attracted to UV before buying it.I gave it 4 stars because of the buzzing sound it gives , but most other similar products do the same anyway except the high end ones .
 Thank you for a wonderful , useful product that I could not find locally because of the season . Friends wanted this for their new home and you delivered . Thanks for a great transaction !
 After years of using another brand of insect zapper , I purchased two Flowtrons for my house in Mexico . The other brand had a screen grid that had to be cleaned after every insect attack , and after a while , the transformer died . The other company does not sell replacement transformers . The Flowtron has vertical bars that do n't need cleaning -LRB- so far -RRB- , works great , and has replacement transformers . Talk about a no brainer . I 'm buying two more .
 It kills all the bugs that touch it and it hasn ' messed up on me yet .
 product works as advertized but the unit i bought several years ago had a much longer power cord and all my mounting hardware was set up for that unit . i had to replace the cord with the one from my old unit . at the price they get for this unit you would think shortening this cord by eight inches is not justifed . i guess for first time buyers they would not encounter this problem .
 Excellent product for the price . Purchased 2 for my dtg and her family.One is used outside the work barn and one in the shop . My grandson love to hear the bugs get `` Zapped ''
 It 's a good unit it attracts the mosquitos and zaps them dead.I would buy this item again .
 I am very happy with my Flowtron insect killer . I can spend many nights in my back yard bug free .
 Attracts all bugs in our 1200 square foot garden . Nice to work without being bit . By morning , there are so many dead that it completely cakes the zapper bars . Tap it a few times and it 's ready for another day .
 ONE OF THE BEST BUG KILLER IN THE MARKET . JUST PLUG IT IN AND IT STARTS TO WORK .
 This thing works great . Nothing like sitting with a six pack and watching wings getting fried !!!!!
 This product works very well . After reading reviews , I decided on the 80 watt vs a smaller model , because our yard sits in the middle of 60 acres of pastureland . Grasshoppers have a hard time getting into the middle , although very attracted to it . But if they make their way in , they do fry ! Has really reduced the insect population in the evenings .
 We live in S.E. Wisconsin where the mosquito 's are the state bird , at least the last few years so obviously i got this Flowtron BK-40D to try and knock down the population , at least in our yard.I was apprehensive due to a couple of reviews that claimed it dos n't kill mosquito 's . . let me tell you IT DOES KILL MOSQUITOS ... BY THE THOUSANDS ! After the first couple nights I had to blow the element off with compressed air because there were so many dead mosquitos on it . . piles !! I do n't see how anyone can claim that it dos n't lure them.Don ' t let me kid you , we do still have mosquito 's in the yard , but it dos n't seem as bad it other places I 've been without it.It kills anything drawn to light at night ... not very effective during the day ... the only downside is that it is a bit noisy , the dogs are afraid of the snaps so I turn it off when I let them out ... put it on a timer to go on at dusk , you 'll be happy at the results.A great item at such a low price , PLUS free shipping !!?? It 's worth a shot .
 Arrived days before I expected it in the condition that I wantedPerfect job !
 works great easy to put up wish cord was a little longer had to use extention cord .
 I have the 11/2 acre Flowtron and we love it , works great . I bought my mother the 1/2 acre one on June 26th and it was supposed to arrive no later than July 9th . They did n't even ship it until July 12 ! I never heard back from the email I sent asking about this either . I ca n't believe it took them 17 days just to get it in the mail . All I can say is the product is great but I am NOT HAPPY WITH THE SELLER AND WOULD NOT PURCHASE FROM THEM AGAIN .
 EXELENT , I HAD A BIG PROBLEM WITH MOSQUITOS BUT MY FLOWTRON KILLED ALL KIND OF THEM . I `` M SATISFIED . . YOU MUST BE CAREFULLY WITH CHILDREN KEEP THEM OUT ...
 This bug zapper does exactly what it says it does , zap bugs . We plugged it in , and now our only problem is the need to sweep up the dead bugs around it every day . I highly recommend this item .
 This is my second bug light for my home . I am pleased with the performance and look of the Flowtron . It is a much better choice than the Stinger II that I purchased at the Home Depot -LRB- $ 20 cheaper too !! -RRB- . The light has allowed us to eat on the patio again .
 This product is great . It attracts the bugs to the light and then they are killed . Do not have any problems . I love it .
 Flowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- This little beauty has been working overtime . It really attracts the bugs . I have had to clean it every week since I got it , as it does a bang up job on those pesty little bugs . I would recomend this product to anyone .
 I am catching mosquitos in the N.East . with the flowtron 80 ... but I am catching more with the skeeter vac . I love the combo.Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt , 1-1/2 - Acre Electronic Insect Killer
 i bought this bug killer for 37.00 looked it up first said 31.00 then ordered it got it wanted another priced jumped to 44.00 ai n't technology wonderful and fast . . they know before you show up how to raise the price.then raise after you buy not illegal but underhanded like bait and switch but faster bait and surf raise price while you are on your way . i do n't like this practice but who is to stop them they know this . the product is good but can you get it at a fair price dealing with this practice . prices should not change at a drop of the hat beware
 This thing really fries them ! I ca n't really tell how many mosquitoes fly into it , but it sure stays busy all night long !
 Now I love bugs . Especially the way they sound when they it the Flowtron . I do n't know which I enjoy the most - zapping bugs or watching the stars . Actually , both go hand-in-hand . A MUST HAVE if you live in the South .
 As a resident of Arizona , we do n't see many insects . However , our recent trip to New Hampshire , more than made up for this . Mosquitoes were eveywhere and they were very attracted to my wife . Being the jealous type , I set out to destroy them.I purchased two different `` bug zappers '' from Home Depot . They were returned the next day , due to poor performance.The Flowtron BK-80D was recomended by a friend and on his testimony , I immediately ordered two of them for next day delivery.The bugs began to die . And they continued to die until a 4 acre wooded area was practically devoid of these little pests.I could n't give a higher recommendation for this product .
 Works great in the backyard , we put a bucket under the zapper to see what was being zapped and sure enough it does zap the mosquitoes as well as other bugs .
 This is a terrific zapper BUT the electric cord is much too short , a complaint voiced by many others who have received this unit . I 'm not talking about a cord that is a couple of feet long , it is miniscule . The cord is so short that one is almost always forced to use an extension cord -LRB- -LRB- unless the outlet is immediately proximal to where the zapper is going to hang -RRB- . The manufacturer would be wise to work on this becaue to me having to use an extension cord outside just adds a safety concern . I am rating it a 4 because of the cord , but it definitely earns a 5 for the zapper itself .
 JUST AS DESCRIBED . WORKS GREAT . MUCH BETTER THAN ANY OTHER ONES WE HAVE TRIED . Very good quality at a great price point .
 Having a problem with flying pests that seem to get everywhere in spite of how you try to keep them out ? Well the Flowtron BK-15D electronic insect killer might be the ultimate solution . This is an outdoor unit but works great indoors as well as long as you se it on a catch tray to collect the ashes . This kills those little flying pests like crazy and consumes minimal power doing it . Day or night it seems to lure anything that flys indoors and makes quick work of their elimenation . May seem like overkill but it really works well . Tried others but Flowtrons seem to do the best job . Price is fair and results are great . Get it and say good by to flying bugs .
 This bug zapper works great and is n't so bright that it distracts from the evening atmosphere you might have created in your backyard . Unexpectedly , our dog does n't like the loud zapping noise when bugs enter the unit .
 Definetely worth the $ $ . Works very well and kills lots of bugs . I am very pleased with this product and would suggest it to anyone !
 Bought this product to reduce the flying critters near our home in the Northeast summertime . It has reduced the number and frequency of flying bugs near the deck . It came with all advertised hardware and simple instructions . I bought the accompanying mosquito attractant and bracket . The whole package was just under $ 100.00 . A fair price is the zapper keeps zapping for a few more years . I have had no problems so far and it seems to be doing the job well the nights that it is on .
 So I bought the Stinger 40 Watt for my Dad for his Birthday but then I read the horrible reviews and I returned it and bought this Flowtron 80 Watt . All I can say is WOW . First of all there were thousands of bugs attracted away from company and to this zapper . There were so many dead mosquitos -LRB- which I have read do not normally get attracted to bug zappers -RRB- . After an entire night outside with it running NOT ONE BUG annoyed me or even went by me . I was so impressed by this zapper ! I say go for the big boy and get the 80 watt . It 's amazing !
 I was surprised to see how quickly it started working when I placed it on my patio . The only shortfall is the short chord length .
 Saps mosquitos when it gets dark , hang it away from where you are , because it pulls them in . Dead Bugs . Wonderful
 Works great in our 1/2 acre yard . Seems to be better that the much more costly Mosquito Magnet which we had previously .
 I purchased this item about 2 weeks ago . I live on a lake and have lots of `` breeding grounds '' for bugs in my garden , bushes , trees , etc. . We have about a 1/4 acre lot and I must say this is the best $ 50 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- I have ever spent . When I first got the box I thought the unit seemed a little small , so I was worried . Obviously the bugs are attracted to the bright light so we put it at the corner of our patio . We put it up and the next day it was jammed packed with bugs it had killed like mosquitoes , gnats , flies , little moths , and some other flying bugs . So although it looks small , I 'd say for a smaller lot it works great . We no longer have problems sitting outside enjoying the weather . The only con I would say is that it does get clogged with the bugs . We clean ours about every other day but it only takes about 2 minutes to clean out with an old brush -LRB- do not use water -RRB- .
 I have only had the product for a week . I only gave 4 stars because I am unable at this point to determine if the product will last.However , the thing really works . We had an infestation of those lawn leaf hoppers . I have killed thousands of bugs in just a few days . I actually now have an ant problem because they are coming to get the bug carcasses and drag them away . I am planning to buy a 2nd one to put on the other side of my house .
 The trap also collects moths who are attracted by the light . I ca n't figure out how to make the liquid attractant fit into it .
 I have two of these units . I live on 10 acres . I have one in front of my house and one in rear of house . there both on timers . they run 6 hours a night . I can sit out on my deck without getting strung . Very happy with both units .
 Have not had any problems at all with this product ! Works so well on the stink bugs , that I ordered another for the front yard !!
 This is the second one I 've purchased . First one lasted almost exactly one year of continuous use . Living in south east GA bugs are year round . First season I had to take the leaf blower to it about every week . This year has been somewhat less , but the I feel that this bug killer is doing what it 's supposed to . Overall it I have had a decrease in the number of mosquitoes while on my patio and that means more time outside That 's good enough for me to purchase a replacement.Pros : Ease of use , apply mosquito attractant and plug in.Clean up with leaf blower on lowSeems to work after the attractant is past due for changingCons : Had to buy a replacement after a year , but it was exposed to all elements for that timeRather indiscriminate killer of bugsIt is quite bright at night , so neighbors may not like the light , but hopefully they appreciate fewer blood suckersYou have to find a way to hang it , mine is on a plant hanger .
 It only took a two days to get rid of the mosquitos and I do not regret buying it and I would recommend it to anyone else wanting to get rid of mosquitos . The blue light is very bright but if it is not facing your bedroom window then you are fine .
 It works . I put this in the back yard and about 10 minutes later I hear the zap and crunch of burning bug . It kills the moths and mosquitoes , but too bad it does n't get flies too as they do n't seem attracted to the light .
 Had looked at several online and read other reviews before purchasing this one . It has performed flawlessly . Have had to blow it off once due to so many larger bugs like moths getting zapped by it . Also found out why they suggested putting it out in the yard away from the house . It killed so many in the first week that they littered the corner of the porch and I must have had every neighborhood frog/toad sitting there eating all the fresh fried bugs that it was zapping . Kinda fun to watch them to . Man they are quick .
 The grid spacing is a little over 1/4 '' and excellent for catching smaller fry like mosquito . Voltage is not too high such that it self-arcs when a bit dirty but more than enough to get the job done . As will all zappers I 've seen , the plastic finger guards need to be snipped off to make things more inviting and ease cleaning.Construction quality is better than other branded units . It 's not a sealed high-precision unit but certainly more durable and with less open space -LRB- bug entry -RRB- than the stingers.I 've had better luck with two of these than one mega-sized unit that only catches large moths .
 work great way less bugs in my back patio and had a great price ... easy to hook up and use
 works good , easy install I have had good luck with the items I have purchased here and usually fast ship .
 Used it in my backyard , which usually has quite a few mosquitoes . This cut the mosquitoes down quite a bit .
 We have a place up in the hills near the Angeles Forest and enjoy sitting out and cooking on the BBQ on summer evenings . As the year passes , we get invaded by mosquitos since there is a stream and lots of vegetation around . We bought one of these this year and immediately noticed the difference as it has allowed us to enjoy the evenings outside for much longer .
 Bought this as a present for my sweetheart -- it has a nice blue glow for summer evenings on his porch . We hang it on a shepherd 's hook , at the far end of the porch . Mosquitoes were the main concern , but we have noticed other irritating bugs were lessening . A year ago , his porch was swarming with these gnat-sized irritating bugs that swarm around the head . Now they are gone . Also , we had some nasty mosquito illnesses down here down in Texas , but with the placement of the Flowtron , no mosquito bites since using it every summer night . Do read other reviews that recommend cleaning procedures . We are very satisfied with this product .
 For 30 years our home has been invaded with Box Elder bugs each fall and winter . We have just had to live with the problem until I purchased the Flowtron bug zapper . It hangs in the corner of the living room and within two days our 30 year problem was solved . With a pie pan hung under the unit to catch zapped bugs we rarely even see a live one in the house anymore . God bless Flowtron !!
 This is the second mosquito control device we have purchased . The first was ridiculous . It claimed to simulate the human heart beat as an attractant . The piece of junk went to the landfill . This item really works .
 I have used several brands of zappers , and definitely vote the Flowtron the best I have used . It works , is not cranky , and there is that delicious sound of those horrible flying things being zapped.My only critical comment is that it would be really nice if there were a plate of somethng attached to the unit which could catch the debris . You see , I use mine indoors most of the time.I issue my no-money-back guarantee that you will love it .
 At first I gave this 1 star due to the fact that shipping was looking like it was going to take overly long before it was even - processed - much less shipped . Luckily someone from Amazon rose to the challenge and sent the item out second day air to make up for the delay and make it GOOD.Then I plugged in the unit , with a fierce hum I could tell it was ready for the mosquitocaust and as night fell it started tearing up all the horrible critters on this farm.Ya see , I live on a farm next to a creek that 's next to a jungle so there is tons of places for mosquitoes to breed and this item is a godsend . . instead of looking down and seeing a carpet of tiger mosquitoes on my leg I get to watch them die by the hundreds.The light of the unit illuminates a pool of about 50 feet around it and is very effective at luring the critters at night . During the day it still works , but not anywhere near the same level as at night . I did n't even bother putting the mosquito attractant in to see how it worked w/o it . . and it rocks . . no need for attractant on top of the light unless you were running it during the day a lot.The only downside I 've seen from the design of this product is that it 's not really rain-ready . . so a tarp or or other structure is recommended to be over the top of it for when it rains if your area has heavy rains .
 The bugs outside were pretty annoying but the main purpose I bought this one instead of the smaller one was for the entertainment of watching all those buggers fry ! Needless to say , we ran out of bugs .
 The Flowtron `` bug zappers '' may not be the most stylish looking , but they are definitely the most durable and most functional . I 've used these devices for more than 30 years , and every time I have strayed away from the Flowtron brand I have regretted it . Currently , my BK-40D - 40 watt model - does double-duty as a permanent -LRB- hard-wired -RRB- pole-mounted night light and bug zapper in my back yard 365-days-a-year . Flowtron is simply the best product of its kind on the market , and has earned my highest recommendation
 The main reason I needed a bug zapper was for an acute mosquito problem . My wife and I could n't sit on the rear patio for more than 10 minutes without getting eaten alive . The problem occurred mostly around dusk . Purchased the Stinger Ultra from Lowe 's . It did seem to help but the problem was still there , they were still biting . The unit was positioned about 25 feet away next to the pool . The Stinger with it 's 40 watt single ultraviolet bulb was low intensity that seemed to attract mostly moths and other harmless insects . I did use the Octenol Mosquito Attractant which did not seem to attract them very much . What insects that were killed got clogged in the inner grid which was difficult to clean . After reading many favorable reviews on Amazon I ordered the Flowtron 80D . WOW what a difference . This unit contains two 40 watt high intensity very bright ultraviolet bulbs . After only 30 seconds from plugging it in all I heard was Zapp Zapp Zapp . It was killing mosquitoes along with every other insect within range . In comparison the Stinger Ultra was like a single shot revolver compared to the Flowtron which is like a MAC 10 sub-machine gun . If you have a mosquito problem this is your answer . Highly Recommended .
 Bright night light . Buzzing sound emits when on . Loud when bugs are zapped . You can actually see and smell the smoke when bigger moths/bugs meet their demise - entertaining for teenaged boys . Only used a few times at end of bug season here so can not comment on longevity of unit . Reduced amount of gnats and other various flying bugs from entering our home , which was purpose of purchase . Expect ants around the base , natures `` circle of life '' . Did not use mosquito lure yet . If you do n't have an extention cord , plan on purchase of one . I went down to home depot and picked up their required heavy gaged cord -LRB- sorry , ca n't recall the numbers/code the paper work specified for it -RRB- . Seems like a sturdy unit . Glad I 'll have it ready to go for next summer .
 After reading up on the EPA 's mosquito control tips , I was skeptical that a zapper would make a difference.After a couple weeks of running the zapper , here are my observations of results :1 . A noticeable difference has been achieved . There are simply far fewer mosquitoes floating around my property now . It has done a good job . Neighbors a few houses down still have swarms of the buggers .2 . For maximum effect , the zapper has to be cleaned -- for me , every 1-2 nights since it seems to get carpeted with dead bugs quickly . Dead mosquitoes and other bugs get stuck in between the kill bars . A leaf blower works okay , but air compressor with blow gun works better .3 . The vast , vast majority of the dead bugs are mosquitoesThe included octonel cartridge seems to do a good job at attracting skeeters . If I had a complaint , it would be the mounting of the cartridge . Instead of something practical like a plastic enclosure to snap the cartridge into , it attaches with double-sided tape in a recession on the underside of the bulb retainer . On the plus side , it means you can buy cheaper , non-Flowtron brand octonel cartridges and attach them the same way .
 It 's brighter than what I expected , which is good ! I stood out there and watched for a few minutes yesterday and ZAP ZAP ZAP ZAP . . even smoke from one or two bugs ! Nice ! Seems to be good quality , and works well ! I bought a shepherds hook to hang it in and use a ZIP-TIE to keep it in place during high winds . It 's doing the job I wanted it to do !
 When I received this , my husband said `` it 's just a zapper . '' We almost returned it and then began using it . We live off a creek/lake , have a pond and pool . It 's almost impossible to enjoy outside because of the bugs . I am so thrilled with this because NOT one , I mean NOT one gnat , fly or mosquito near us . I bought two -- one for the back and one for the front . The secret is in the attractant . Good JOB Flowtron ! I am so impressed .
 I grew up with a much larger version of this hanging from a pole in the back yard . I always thought my father was crazy thinking it really made a differce ; I really never thought it made a big difference but it sure did make a lot of zapping noise . As I grew older , I realized that bugs loved biting me and it began to drive me literally up the wall ; I always had at least one bite on my body somewhere . I knew I was n't going to make much of a difference outside my own home but when those bugs got inside my house I was going to get them . I searched for other makes and models of the `` indoor '' type but all of reviews I read said they did n't work too well and then I remembered the zapping in the back yard when I was a kid . I 'm not sure if this model is the smallest but it 's small enough that whenever I get a flying bug in my home , I place it on a plate in the kitchen and it becomes my nightlight for the evening until I hear that `` Zap '' !! Now my kids think I 'm the crazy one but I do n't get bit while in the comfort of my own home any more . One problem the manufacturer might want to look into is that when I took it out of the box I broke the `` roof '' off the unit as it was only held on with 2 screws , one on each side and they are placed at the very bottom of the plastic top . There was just enough plastic left to hold it on tightly but it still zaps the bugs . Because of the break in the top , is the only reason for my not giving this little zapper 5 stars .
 I have to say I LOVE this product . We moved to the Houston area a couple years ago and thus began our battle with mosquitos . At times you could not open a door without a swarm of mosquitos coming into the house . The mosquito were so bad our daughter did not like to play outside because of the constant biting . It was like being held hostage in our own home . I had never purchased a bug zapper before and was a little unsure of spending that much money for one . But I am here to say it works and is worth every penny ! You do have to clean it . For the first week or so I had to clean it every morning because the dead bugs were just caked on . Now , I clean it every couple of days .
 In my area , it is very rare to ever see a mosquito - I get bit maybe once every two or three years -LRB- seriously -RRB- . Well , we had a recent mosquito infestation - they were everywhere . We like to sit out on our porch swing in the summer , but it was all but impossible.I bought this zapper as well as a bunch of citronella candles/torches . The combination made the problem bearable , but after a couple of weeks I found that we no longer needed the citronella stuff - the zapper had diminished the mosquito population so much that the problem was minimal . *** IMPORTANT *** I put it on an outdoor timer to come on at dusk and turn off about 2:00 am -LRB- when the temperature would drop below the point that most bugs would be very active -RRB- . This assured that the zapper would be functional during EVERY MINUTE of the optimal bug-zapping time . I think this is the KEY to its effectiveness . Bug zappers are not something that you turn on only when you go outside . That wo n't work . You need to wipe out the bug population -LRB- we 're talking Culicidacide -RRB- . Either get a timer , or leave it on all the time -LRB- but that would shorten the life of the unit and waste energy , as zappers are largely ineffective in daylight -RRB- . For the first two weeks the zapper was almost in continual `` zap mode '' when it was dark -LRB- the constant zapping sound would have been annoying if I did n't take such satisfaction in what it was doing -RRB- . I would sometimes go stand on the porch and watch mosquito after mosquito dive into it . Then the frequency of the zapping started to diminish as the population thinned out . Towards the end of summer it would only zap once every few minutes.This zapper gave me back my porch swing .
 Bought 2 of these and so far have only needed one . We had a major hornet problem , you know the big yellow and black ones !! They were showing up around every porch light ! Now they are drawn to this and if it does n't kill them it will at least stun them and knock them to the ground ! They never fly again !! Works wonders for big irritating bugs !
 Kills lots of bugs . Kills mosquitoes without the attractant . Grid is self-cleaning . My previous light was a Stinger . It died after a couple of months . This one is still working after a few months . The Stinger was also a pain to clean .
 We live in a high humidity area -LRB- southern Louisiana -RRB- and our home is n't far from standing water , especially when it rains . I could never spend more than a few minutes in our backyard before being bitten by mosquitos and gnats . This Flowtron unit is perfect for our needs.We had cookouts in the backyard the last two weekends , with a total of three bites between 20 people . You could hear insects being zapped periodically through the evening/night . We did use the optional octenol cartridge ; the unit would probably be ineffective against mosquitos and gnats without it.One suggestion - theFlowtron bracketto hold the unit is a little expensive . You can get a plant hanger at your local hardware store for a fraction of the price .
 This machine really kills the skitos . This year the excessive rainfall has really brought the little critters out . The morning after a warm , still night the grids are plugged full . This brings me to the 4 star instead of 5 . The grids do plug up . A lot of bugs do drop through , but I still must blow out the unit every other day at least . It may not be possible to engineer a machine to kill this many mosquitoes and clean itself too . All in all a very good buy .
 Overall , I am content with the purchase . I placed the item in an area of the backyard which is away from people but close enough to get rid of the bugs . It kills many types of insects such as moths and flies but I do not think it does very well for mosquitoes . Either they are not drawn to the light or they are too smart . I think if one has a big mosquito problem they need to implement the flowtron with citronella candles/lamps or invest in a heavy duty machine that specifically kills those blood suckers . Good luck !
 I would have given this product 5 stars if it came with extra `` sex lures '' ... there was only one in the box and it has holders for 2 pieces . It works , and it lights up the entire yard . Recommended , but for the price , I want extra `` lures '' , that 's all . My yard is the size of a postage stamp , but I bought the hugest one on the planet becuase of my hatred for flying pests -LRB- plus , my skin is highly allergic to stings -RRB- ... so KILL 'EM ALL !!
 After purchasing two `` Stinger '' 40 and 80 models from Lowe 's and Walmart ... and returning them -LRB- the wires were too far apart to kill mosquitos -RRB- , welooked extensively online . We read so many favorable reviews about the Flowtron BK that I searched the Houston Tx area but could find none . Found the 80D at Amazon.com for $ 10 . off , tax free , and free freight . The rest is history . We love that zapping sound that reassures us the unit is working . We NEVER heard 1 zap from the `` Stinger '' . I think those units must just kill large bugs . We have the swamp mosquites and live with a bayou at the bottom of our property ... two acres .
 Length :
 I 've owned quite a few of these devices and they 've all worked well , to one degree or another . They kill bugs when the bugs touch both the positive and negative grid of the `` zapper '' . If the grid is too big , smaller insects can fly through without being killed . The grid on this model is fairly large and there is no way a mosquito could hit both grids at the same time . Even a small fly could probably make it through safely.This model is , therefore , good for larger flies and moths but not for mosquitoes , no-see-um 's , or gnats . The spacing of the grid wires is just too great . That being the case , the attractant is also useless so , if you buy this model , forget using the attractant . I 'm not sure , but I believe that the smaller models have tighter grids and , therefore , would be better suited for mosquitoes , small flies and/or gnats .
 I have been using the Flowtron BK-80D 80 watt bug light for over two weeks now . I purchased it because this summer has been great for mosquitoes but terrible for me . -LRB- One time returning to the house I saw my face covered with mosquitoes in the reflection on the sliding glass patio door . I killed five with one slap of my hand . -RRB- During the day I am in and out , making repeated trips to the garden and shed . I do n't like to wear DEET continually and dislike the oily feeling that repellents which seem to work best have . When I first installed the Flowtron around dusk the day it was delivered , it sounded like a popcorn popper - it was zapping mosquitoes so rapidly . As another reviewer said , '' ... these things do not discriminate between beneficial bugs that we need for pollination of plants and such . Therefore , there is valid scientific criticism regarding their indiscriminate outdoor usage . '' Because I do n't want to be killing beneficial insects I DID NOT remove any of the plastic protective bars which keep larger insects and moths from reaching the electrified rods . They do n't bother me , I wo n't kill them . Also , I found that mosquitoes swarm around sunset . After a week of seeing lots of other corpses stuck to the rods -LRB- and having the clean the unit every day -RRB- I attached my Flowtron to an outdoor timer -LRB- available from Amazon - get a mechanical timer such as the Woods 59204 , not a photoelectric light sensing control -RRB- so the light only turns on for three hours around sunset and an hour at sun rise . Not only did that seem to drastically cut down on collateral damage to the insect population but it saves a lot on electricity use . People who live where it is warmer at night may benefit from leaving the light on all night , but I 'd already discovered that there were not many mosquitoes out after midnight when the temperature dropped to the mid-60 's or lower . I learned that because I had taken up running after midnight this summer both for the cooler temperatures and the near mosquito-free conditions . In just two weeks the mosquito population is markedly reduced in my backyard . I hope to put some sort of tray under the light to see what I am killing though several toads and a snake have discovered this smorgasbord now and may skew the test results . I will have to hang the tray from the light to get an idea of what is being killed and how many mosquitoes wo n't be snacking on me . The instructions warn about spraying the unit with water to clean it . I found a leaf blower to be very effective as a means to clean the unit . I noticed that the unit also attracts and fries Asian beetles -LRB- those biting pests that look like lady bugs -RRB- just as it is getting dark out . They often have to be scraped -LRB- gently -RRB- off the rods . I am using the Octenol attractant at present but look forward to doing a test without it once I have my specimen collecting tray in place . My immediate goal was the slash the mosquito population and I think I am doing well in that respect . I 'll report on my more detailed experiments later . My single strong criticism of the unit is that the cord that comes with it is not even long enough to reach the bottom of the light . I ca n't quite figure out how this makes the units `` safer '' unless it compels the user to plug the unit into the end of an extension cord above the level of the bottom of the unit . And why that matter , I do n't know , unless one might set the light in a puddle or pan of water . I have the light hanging on a large metal shepherd 's hook in a semicircular grove of small trees about 30 feet from the back of the house . The mosquito population on that side of the house is now decidedly less than on the other side of the house . I expect the situation to continue to improve . If it does I may be ordering a second light . We also have a problem with biting flies and as far as I can tell the flies are not attracted by light at all . So I do n't recommend using an ultraviolet light product to kill this kind of fly -LRB- or to criticize the light when it does n't -RRB- . I like Flowtron 's suggestion that one retain the box as a way to safely store the light over the winter . The box does protect the light - the box my light came in was pretty well banged up but the light was undamaged .
 I purchased this item since I live in a ranch style house and when opening the garage door , not only do the pests invade my garage , they easily get into the house . With children around i was looking to protect them from the nasty insects . Now I put this inside the garage since that is where the problem occurs , and it is far enough away from the inside of the house , and I am extremely pleased with the results . Great price for the piece of mind this product gives . I will buy another one for around the pool area next so not only am I happy with the original purchase , I will be a repeat customer for the same product.If you have any doubts , give this product a try . I purchased it about 2 weeks ago and feel very confident and * bite * free from all the mosquitos and other gnats this product zaps . Now I do not mind the mosquitos outside the house , but when they invade my territory , this 24/7 working device is just the perfect house guard .
 I just hooked up our bug zapper and within a matter of minutes it was zapping away . We have been very pleased . Do n't forget to order the collection tray .
 I have a camp in Michigans Upper peninsula . In spring , the mosquitoes , midges and black flies are in swarms , beyond verbal discription really . I have three of these ; 2-15 watt units and a 40 watt model . Running these between 8pm and 2am will clear 95 % of these winged pests in a two acre area , within three days . The first night , each will accumulate mosquitoes an inch thick . second night , about half that and downward to where I run the zappers every other or third night -LRB- on a timer -RRB- to maintain things.I ca n't tell you if the chemical attractant helps of not . I get great results without.The only downside to these , especially in my application , is they get impacted with dead insects to the point it takes compressed air to really clean them back to full operation . I removed the protective plastic screen -LRB- left it off -RRB- to clean them with a paintbrush . Obviously , this should only be done when they are unplugged and safe to handle.You may get better coverage using several smaller wattage units versus a single large one.Tested , proven and recommended !
 I have a mulberry tree next to my driveway and for six miserable weeks each summer , I have berries dropping all over the place . Of course , the flies eventually show up to feast on them . This year was particularly bad , and we even had a horde of moths show up . It got so bad that when we would drive up at night , we had to drive through a cloud of insects , which is when I decided to buy this Flowtron product . I have had similar products before and they all seem to work pretty much the same . I mounted this one about four feet high near the driveway and turned it on . It instantly attracted the moths and within a day or two , they were no longer a problem . The flies were a bit harder to get rid of , because they hatch new flies every week or so . But this product thinned out their numbers to an acceptable level until the berries stopped falling . Next year I will put this in place early and hope to prevent the insect explosion that I experienced this year .
 My backyard has a ton of critters . The flowtron kills 600 bugs a minute easily without clogging . It blows away the other zappers Ive had . This is a freakin killing machine , no doubt about it . The king of bug zapppers !!!
 Last year I purchased two of the larger two bulb models and ran them continuously day and night in my back yard for about 4 months . The only time they were turned off was when I had to clean the accumulation of dead bugs from the electrical grid that zaps the bugs . Both units failed . On one the zapper mechanism quit as well as the ballast for the flouresent UV lights and on the other the ballast failed . How do I know ? Well I bought replacement bulbs for both thinking it was the bulbs went bad.These single bulb units I bought for this year were each about 40 % of the delivered cost of a two bulb unit and seem to fill up with bugs just as fast . They work well for as long as they work and at the price you pay for the single bulb unit , they are a good buy even if they last for only a single season.Besides , after a while the dead bug residue makes them filthy to handle and both of mine had red wasps build nests in the upper chamber ; the holes to the upper cahmber need to be plugged to prevent this .
 I love this thing , we can tell a big difference after a week of putting it up . I rigged an extension cord with a photocell and hardwired the whole thing into my deck . It comes on by itself and kills bugs all night long . W have a 7 month old and I was really worried about bugs this year but since we got the flowtron my bug problems have disappeared .
 THIS PRODUCT THAT I PURCHASED IS A VERY GOOD PRODUCT IT WORKS JUST LIKE IT SAID IT WOULD WORK I AM GOING TO PURCHASE ANOTHER ONE VERY SOON FOR THE PRICE YOU CA N'T BEAT IT .
 We are very happy with the Flowtron BK-80D 80 watt electronic insect killer . We live on a farm , in grass seed country . When we swath the grass seed all the bug migrate toward the lawns and gardens and of course the lights of the houses . After 3 hours of vaccuming dead bugs out of my house , we ordered this insect killer and were we amazed . Yes I would recommend this product over any other on the market . Hand down this is the one for us !!
 Bought one a week ago , took it out of the box applied the smell pack and pluggeder in ... zap , zap , zap ... We put it in the back yard about 20 ft. from the patio - back door and it has helped a lot w/being able to BQ and open the door without letting all the flying headaches in.Went to Wal-mart today and bought the $ 29.95 Black & Decker model . If it does work then the moths must like the charge , their just sitting on the screen . Will be returning it tomorrow ... mean while I 'm ordering another one of the 80D-Flowtron for the front of the house . I should charge the neighbors a area free bug tax : - -RRB-
 Item works well , I just wish the electric cord were somewhat longer .
 This is a very good bug zapper . It kills mosquitos every night probably better than any other method out there.The only comment I can make is that this same unit is sold at Sam 's Club and Walmart for the same price as Amazon.com however the one at Walmart and Sam 's includes a light sensor/timer so that this can turn on and off automatically . The unit that Amazon sells does not have this feature.After learning this I felt a bit cheated to be honest by Amazon . They did not have the `` BEST '' deal . Walmart has the best deal and that is the fact!Go to walmart.com and look it up yourself and you 'll see what I 'm saying.I 'll only give this 4 stars because I feel Amazon cheated me on this .
 I 've only had this bug zapper for a few days , but I 'm so pleased I just had to share ! I live on the Washington Coast near a wildlife refuge , between the cranberry bogs and the bracken canals . We have an amazing variety of wildlife and birds that grace our yard every day . Unfortunately , our climate and environment is extremely mosquito-friendly and these pests attack by the hundreds , with military precision , from late spring through the summer , making use of our outdoor space unbearable.I was so excited to try this zapper out , that contrary to the product instructions , I hung it under the eaves of my upper deck because that 's where the electrical outlet is . -LRB- The manufacturer recommends the unit be placed at least 25 ' from your living space , and I intend to do that when I purchase a longer outdoor extension cord . -RRB- The very first night the zapping was almost continual from the time I plugged the unit in at dusk . When I got up the next morning , there were hundreds of fried mosquito remains on the deck underneath the zapper ! The next three nights have produced the same results . The birds are feasting on the remains , so I do n't even have any clean up . I have to admit that I like hearing the `` zzzt '' sound every time a mosquito is zapped , because for every one of these buggers that gets zapped , that 's one less that 's biting or breeding ... I may be overly optimistic , but it seems to me that there are n't as many of these vicious little critters attacking us when we walk through the yard , and if that 's really the case , we may get our outdoor space back in the next few weeks without contaminating our yard or wildlife friends with insecticides . For us that 's definitely a win-win .
